===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ANSYS Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, President and Chief Executive Officer; Nicole Anasenes, Chief Financial Officer; and Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President, Investor Relations. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I would like now to turn the conference over to Ms. DeBriyn for opening remarks. Please go ahead.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release, the related prepared remarks document and the link to our third quarter 2023 Form 10-Q have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website. They contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our third quarter financial results and business update, as well as our Q4 and fiscal year 2023 outlook and the key underlying quantitative and qualitative assumptions. Today’s presentation contains forward-looking information. Important factors that may affect our future results are discussed in our public filings. Forward-looking statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligations to update any such information. During this call, we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and reconciliations of GAAP to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release materials. I would now like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. In Q3, ANSYS was on track to deliver against our third quarter guidance commitments when we were notified by the U.S. Department of Commerce of additional restrictions on sales to certain Chinese entities, as well as incremental approval processes and export restrictions on the sale of some ANSYS products and services to entities located in China. These incremental approval processes take the form of additional vetting of prospects located in China. They introduce delays in transacting certain orders for prospects in China, resulting in the potential loss or deferral of some business that was scheduled to be closed in Q3. As a result, we came in below our expectations in both ACV and revenue for the quarter. Despite these developments, ANSYS delivered a strong quarter marked by double-digit growth in ACV. These updated export restrictions and incremental processes will mute ANSYS’ growth in China in 2023 and 2024, after which we expect our business in China to return to steady state growth. Nicole will give the specifics in a few minutes. It is important to remember that China represents only a small portion of our overall business. Given the strength of our business worldwide, I’m confident in our ability to execute on our short and long-term objectives. Looking back on Q3, high-tech and semiconductors, aerospace and defense, and automotive and ground transportation were our top contributing industries. We saw strength in Q3 for ACV across all customer types, and our geographical performance was as expected with the exception of China as I already mentioned. Our largest contract in the quarter was a three-year eight-figure agreement with the North American aerospace and defense company that has used our solutions for years. The new agreement with this customer increases the number of users of ANSYS technology. Thanks in part to ANSYS technology, the customer has secured a key contract with the U.S. government. On our calls, I typically highlight a specific aspect of our business. I have discussed the critical role that ANSYS solutions play in sustainability initiatives as well as in the development of next generation semiconductors and how ANSYS simulation is driving fundamental changes in the commercial aerospace industry. A similar simulation power transformation is taking place in the automotive industry, which is where I’d like to focus today’s discussion. As you were aware, automotive and ground transportation is our third largest industry, and ANSYS is already working with over 50 of the top transportation OEMs around the world and 93 of the top 100 global automotive suppliers. Yet with all the innovation taking place within the sector, there is still significant room for ANSYS to grow through more users, more products, and more computations. ANSYS simulation is helping to usher in a new era of mobility through key – to three key areas, electrification, autonomy and driver assistance and software defined vehicles. And of course, we’re also driving continued innovation in vehicle development. I’ll walk through each with some pertinent examples. The first area of profound change in the industry is around electrification. From battery management systems to fuel cells to integrated electrified powertrain systems, ANSYS solutions are enabling rapid electric vehicle innovation from the components to the system levels. For example, our multiphysics battery simulation solutions provide interdisciplinary expertise at different scales. ANSYS’ solutions for powertrain electrification provide a complete development flow from the system level to the software level, including system simulation, model-based development and functional safety analysis. Using ANSYS, customers have reduced battery project costs by up to 30% and design cycle times by up to 50% [ph]. Porsche Motorsports turns to ANSYS simulation to speed up development time for its electric race car. With ANSYS, the engineers from the TAG Heuer Porsche Formula E Team optimize their cars inverter and e-motor efficiency and then test it on a virtual racetrack. Simulation has proved to be pivotal for managing the battery’s temperature and maximizing the cost performance within these demanding driving conditions. The next area I’d like to discuss is autonomy and driver assistance systems. While the road to truly autonomous vehicles may be a long one, the simulation driven advances required to bring this technology to market are leading to safer driving experiences today. Using ANSYS, customers are improving advanced driver assistance systems, also known as ADAS. For example, sensors play a critical role in providing human drivers as well as autonomous systems, the data they need to make intelligent and safe decisions. ANSYS solutions for lidar, radar, and cameras enable engineers to improve sensor performance to determine optimal vehicle integration configurations and to examine their behavior across a range of operational scenarios. ANSYS customer continental is using ANSYS simulation for optical integration analysis and corner case studies that are integral to the development and validation of new sensors and computer vision algorithms. ANSYS simulation is helping continental/development time and physical testing, while reducing costs and freeing up engineering resources. The next area I would like to discuss is the development of software-defined vehicles. These automobiles have features that are primarily enabled through software and can be remotely upgraded over the cars’ lifetime. The market for software-defined vehicles is expected to grow from about $35 billion today to over $200 billion early in the next decade. Thanks to software-driven features for safety, infotainment and efficiency. ANSYS solutions enable these feature-rich functions through model-based, certified embedded software and code generation, electronics reliability and connectivity systems. These advances enable engineers to meet industry safety requirements faster than manual approaches and at lower costs. Longtime ANSYS customer ZF Group is using our solutions to reduce the complexity of analysis for embedded systems. These embedded systems must be capable of operating reliably and safely on a challenging environmental conditions. In the past, ZF used different tools for failure modes and effects analysis and for fault tree analysis. By standardizing on ANSYS, the company reports saving hundreds of hours on each of the many analysis projects they run. The final area I would like to mention is in vehicle development. This is a space in which ANSYS has a long history as we play a key role in such critical areas as aerodynamics, lighting, crash safety analysis, and material management for sustainability initiatives. For example, ANSYS LS-DYNA simulates crash scenarios and accurately predicts the impact on the vehicle as well as the driver and passengers. Thanks to human body models. On materials intelligence solutions enable vehicle lightweighting efforts while assessing the environmental impact of materials throughout their lifecycle. With the growth of lighting technologies and headlamps and tail lamps, ANSYS lighting solutions have reduced the need for prototypes. One of our key contracts in the quarter was with a global automotive OEM based in Europe that has standardized on ANSYS for virtual crash testing and impact analysis replacing a competitive product. The company is leveraging ANSYS simulations to help meet its goal of reducing engineering lead time by 30% and cutting the cost of physical testing by 50%. In Q3, we also signed a contract with the leading provider of automotive seeding products. This longtime customer has expanded its use of ANSYS multiphysics solutions from explicit dynamics, electromagnetics and functional safety to include mechanical, fluids and high performance computing. This expanded ANSYS footprint benefits a number of projects. For example, enabling the company to simulate the fan noise from its ventilated seats. With ANSYS technology, this automotive leader has dramatically cut development costs, reduced simulation time from days to hours, and enabled the company to respond faster and more accurately to customer requests for quotes. I’d also like to mention a different kind of customer win. I’m excited to congratulate ANSYS customer Oracle Red Bull Racing on an amazing season, which culminated in capturing the 2023 Formula 1 World Constructors’ and World Drivers’ Championships. Using ANSYS solutions, the team simulated airflow interactions with differing shapes of the car’s surface, while also analyzing engine cooling intakes. As a result, the team drove away with the championship. Moving beyond the automotive industry, I’m excited to announce that we have enrolled our 2000th companies as a member of the ANSYS Startup Program. As I have said in the past, while members of our Startup Program represent a small piece of our overall business, they’re amongst the most innovative users of our products. And with the program’s strong graduation rates more and more expand their use of ANSYS technology and become larger ANSYS customers. I’m also proud that ANSYS has received a number of awards this quarter related to employee engagement and satisfaction from organizations such as Newsweek, Best Workplaces in Europe in U.S. News and World Report. These recognitions are a testament to our supportive, diverse, and inclusive culture, as well as the quality of our team around the world. In summary, Q3 was marked by an external challenge that impacted our ability to process certain transactions. Our global business remains strong and the demand for ANSYS technology is robust. That’s because companies across industries rely on ANSYS to solve the most challenging problems that they’re facing. These global organizations understand that ANSYS’ expertise and deep and broad portfolio of multiphysics solutions can help them solve their key product and business challenges. That combined with our best-in-class product portfolio, our deep customer relationships and the ongoing strength of our pipeline give me confidence in our ability to meet our commitments. And with that, I will turn the call over to Nicole. Nicole?
Nicole Anasenes: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Let me take a few minutes to add some perspective on our third quarter financial performance and provide context for our outlook and assumptions for Q4 and full year 2023. Our ability to deliver double-digit ACV constant currency growth in Q3 despite the disruption from the changes required for export compliance in China is a testament to the resilience of our business model. Our highly recurring business model, significant base of renewals, market-leading simulation portfolio and deep customer relationships, create a strong financial foundation and contribute to unwavering demand for our product. As a result, we are raising our full year ACV and revenue guidance for operational momentum in the business. This momentum is offset by impacts of incremental approval processes and export restrictions in China and foreign exchange headwinds. I'll provide additional details on our guidance in a few minutes. Now let me discuss some of our Q3 financial highlights. Beginning with ACV we delivered $457.5 million in Q3, which grew 12% year-over-year or 10% in constant currency. Our growth was broad-based across customer types, geographic regions and most industries. ACV from recurring sources grew 13% or 16% in constant currency on a trailing 12-month basis and represented 83% of the total. This momentum in recurring ACV growth is driven by the strong annuity created by our ongoing shift towards subscription lease licenses. This annuity creates resiliency and durability in our business model. It provides a robust foundation for near and long-term growth, which enables us to navigate the impact of business disruptions that can occur from time-to-time, like the impact of the changes to export compliance that we saw in Q3. Q3 total revenue was $458.8 million and was down 3% or down 4% in constant currency, primarily due to ASC 606 dynamics given the quarterly mix of license types that generate upfront revenue recognition, which we previously discussed on our August earnings call and detailed in our Q2 prepared remarks document. During the third quarter, both ACV and revenue were below expectations. As incremental approval processes and export restrictions on certain prospects in China created a $20 million headwind. When we set our guidance range, we guide based on the pipeline and book of business that we see in front of us. During the third quarter, we saw an impact on the contracts we expected to sign due to incremental approval processes and export restrictions that were not contemplated in our Q3 guidance provided in August. As a result, our Q3 ACV and revenue results were below our guidance. Without this impact, we would have landed near the high end of our third quarter guidance on ACV and above the high end of our revenue guidance. We have a very strong track record of achieving our guidance and it was unfortunate that we were not able to achieve our guidance for ACV and revenue this quarter. We continue to have a broad and diverse business model and a strong financial foundation with significant recurring ACV. We remain optimistic on our future growth. Despite the disruption in Q3, our year-to-date ACV performance was robust with ACV growing double-digit in constant currency at 12% and broad-based growth across geographies and customer types. We closed the quarter with a total balance of GAAP deferred revenue and backlog of $1.2 billion, which grew 9% year-over-year. During the quarter, we continued to deliver a business model with strong operating leverage. This yielded a solid third quarter gross margin of 91% and an operating margin of 34.1%, which was better than our guidance. Operating margin was positively impacted by lower expenses and the timing of some investments. The result was third quarter EPS of $1.41, which was also better than our guidance. Similar to operating margin, EPS benefited from lower expenses and the timing of some investments. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 17.5%, which is the rate that we expect for the remainder of 2023. Our unlevered operating cash flow in the third quarter totaled $170.6 million and was in line with expectations and continues to be supported by strong cash collections. We ended the quarter with $640 million of cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet. Now let me turn to the topic of guidance. Looking to the remainder of the year, the business continues to show momentum, which bolsters our confidence in achieving our 2023 and long-term outlook. Let me start with our full year 2023 guidance. We are updating our full year ACV outlook to a range of $2.243 billion to $2.288 billion which represents growth of 10.4% to 12.6% or 11% to 13.3% in constant currency. We continue to see our ACV growth driven by our broad-based customer demand for our product. And as a result, we are operationally increasing our full year ACV by $11 million relative to our August guidance. This momentum was offset by $25 million of the impact from additional export restrictions and approval processes for certain prospects in China and $28 million of additional foreign exchange headwinds. This $25 million China export restriction and process headwind will mute ANSYS' growth in China in 2023, and includes some timing and loss of business impact. Despite the impact from China, our ACV growth outlook for the full year is 12% constant currency growth at the midpoint, which is on our financial model of 12% ACV growth, including tuck-in M&A. We are updating our revenue outlook to a range of $2.234 billion to $2.284 billion, which is growth of 7.8% to 10.2% or 8.4% to 10.9% in constant currency. We are operationally increasing our full year revenue by $15 million relative to our August guidance. This momentum was offset by $25 million of impact from additional export restrictions and approval processes for certain prospects in China and $23 million of additional foreign exchange headwinds. We expect our full year EPS to be in the range of $8.34 to $8.75. Relative to our August guidance, our updated full year EPS contemplates $0.25 of operational improvement, which was offset by $0.21 of impact from additional export restrictions and approval processes for certain prospects in China, and $0.13 of additional foreign exchange headwinds. Now let me turn to our full year unlevered operating cash flow guidance. As a reminder, we now provide guidance for unlevered operating cash flow as it aligns to the long-term cumulative $3 billion cash flow outlook we provided at our 2022 investor update. Our 2023 guidance is a range of $705 million to $735 million and relative to our August guidance includes a $10 million increase from operational improvement, which was offset by $7 million of impact from additional export restrictions and approval processes for certain prospects in China and $7 million of additional foreign exchange headwind. The underlying operating leverage in our business remains robust. Further details on the reconciliation of GAAP operating cash flow to the comparable non-GAAP unlevered operating cash flow are contained in our prepared remarks document. Although we experienced an unexpected impact in Q3 from changes in export compliance, our underlying model remains strong. This is driven by robust market growth, a best-in-class portfolio, deep customer relationships and a highly recurring business model with strong operating leverage. Our current full year 2023 guidance midpoint implies a two-year unlevered operating cash flow CAGR of 14% since 2021. This reflects the strong top line momentum and operating leverage where unlevered operating cash flow growth outpaces ACV growth. Now let me turn to guidance for Q4. For the fourth quarter, we expect ACV in the range of $897.8 million to $942.8 million. Turning to the P&L, we expect Q4 revenue in the range of $769.2 million to $819.2 million. We expect Q4 operating margin in the range of 48.9% to 51.2% and EPS in the range of $3.48 to $3.89. Given the robust renewal business in our fourth quarter, we are confident in achieving our Q4 guidance. Our core simulation market is strong and diversified with consistent demand from our customers as they encounter increasingly complex product development challenges. Despite the headwinds we expect to see from the impact of additional export restrictions and approval processes for certain prospects in China, we have confidence in our long-term model. As a result, in February, we expect to initiate full year 2024 guidance with ACV of around 10% constant currency growth, excluding tuck-in M&A, which is consistent with our model. Within this outlook, we are absorbing the impact of the updated export restrictions and incremental processes related to certain prospects located in China, which will mute ANSYS' ACV and revenue growth in China in 2024. We continue to focus our efforts on areas of opportunity and innovation to ensure continued growth. As a result, we also reaffirm our long-term outlook from 2022 to 2025 of 12% constant currency ACV growth including tuck-in M&A and $3 billion of cumulative unlevered operating cash flow. Further details around specific currency rates and other assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for 2023 and Q4 are contained in the prepared remarks document. ANSYS' business is highly resilient with a diverse and broad customer base, market-leading portfolio, deep customer relationships and recurring financial model. To the entire ANSYS team, thank you for your dedication and hard work in supporting our customers and delivering world-class innovation. We saw some complexity during the quarter, and we executed well in a challenging environment. I remain confident in our ability to deliver our 2023 and long-term outlook while working alongside the best team in the industry. Operator, we will now open the phone lines to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good morning. Let's start with China. With respect to the enhanced processes that you referred to in the prepared remarks and the 10-Q, could you elaborate on what that means, what with ANSYS not doing perhaps efficiently internally to vet the customers? And would it be fair to say that the ANSYS products in question we're not solely EDA products, in other words this isn't just a product that we're going to Chinese semis, but other non-EDA products as well to perhaps other end customers in China, then my follow-up.
Ajei Gopal: Hey. Good morning, Jay. So let me take that. And so there's a – there's clearly a bit of a misunderstanding in your question. So let me just try to sort of lay this out so that you have more clarity on the context here. So as you know, in the context of the broader U.S. foreign policy shifts, the Department of Commerce is engaging both privately and publicly with companies to apply export controls to China of certain technologies. And of course, elite high-tech companies are facing new restrictions. And given the capabilities of ANSYS products and their broad applicability across industries and across use cases we have implemented an additional layer of vetting for prospects located in China to comply with the incremental requirements from the U.S. Department of Commerce. So let me just sort of walk through how the quarter unfolded. So we were on track to delivering against our third quarter guidance commitments when the Commerce Department informed us of these additional restrictions as well as incremental approval processes on the sale of certain ANSYS' products to entities located in China. And so we immediately complied. We suspended processing orders from those affected prospects that were located in China pending the resolution of some ambiguities that were related to the process. And we work with the Commerce Department, but unfortunately, by the time we received clarity on the incremental vetting that was required above and beyond our existing compliance program, it was the last business day of Q3, and that made it too late to complete our vetting process within the quarter. Now moving forward, we have internally aligned our business operations to adjust to these new betting requirements and the result is an increase in the time that it takes us to process transactions with certain prospects that are located in China. But as I said in the call, despite these developments related to prospects in China, the ANSYS business overall is performing well. We delivered a strong quarter, marked by double-digit growth in ACV, and we continue to see robust and broad-based demand for our technologies and the products. And given the critical role that our solutions play in our customers' product development initiatives, and the strength of the underlying foundations of our global business, we're confident in our ability to execute against our short and our long-term objective.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. With respect to guidance for Q4 and the initial thoughts on next year, was the operational raise for Q4, both renewals business, in other words you're expecting some higher ACV in the renewals and new business, perhaps from new logos. And then for the 10% for next year, how are you thinking about the contribution from the new AIML enhanced products that you're beginning to deploy as per the schedule you gave back in July?
Nicole Anasenes: So Jay, maybe I'll just take the Q4 guidance question, and then we can add some more color on your last part of your question. So although we experienced an unexpected impact from changes in export compliance in China, the underlying model remains strong, as Ajei said. And as a testament to this year-to-date, we achieved 12% ACV growth in constant currency, which is of course on our model. Our business is very resilient. As you know, 80% of it comes from recurring sources. And as we look to Q4, the robust renewal business that we see in the fourth quarter gives us confidence in achieving our guidance. And maybe just to add an additional data point to add some color as to where we stand as of October. As of the end of October we have just under half the business in our Q4 outlook already committed, so despite the disruption from changes required for export or compliance in China, we're continuing to see the operational momentum in the rest of our business. That's what gave us the confidence in raising the full year ACV by $11 million compared to the August guidance, which, of course, was offset by the $25 million of impact from additional restrictions and processes in our business in China and of course, the foreign exchange impact of $28 million. But outside of this impact, we continue to see momentum across the business, and we haven't seen any notable changes in customer activity.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Vruwink from Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. I also want to start on the 10% growth outlook for 2024. I'm wondering how did you go about ring-fencing the potential risk from China export controls into next year. Is it just kind of run rating the 2023 experience? Or are you layering on incremental assumptions? And then I was hoping you could maybe be a bit more explicit on just total ACV exposure from China and then a sense of maybe how much business has assumed not to transact within the 2024 initial outlook?
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. Happy to do that. So why don't I kind of take you through – why don't I take you through the kind of the Q3 impact, how we – kind of how that we think that impacts 2023 and what the flow-through impact to 2024 in the long-term will be to kind of try to holistically answer some of your questions. But just too kind of give some overall context going into that in terms of your question around China exposure overall. Our business is broad and diverse, and as you know, we're diversified across many industries and geographies and customer types. And our business in China is around 5% of ACV, both on a trailing 12-month basis and full year 2022. So it's a relatively a smaller portion of the portfolio. Now in the third quarter, again, our ability to deliver that double-digit constant currency growth in the quarter despite the disruptions we saw is really a testament to the resilience of our business model, which as we talk about 2024 is what gives us the confidence in our outlook. Now the third quarter results were impacted by those incremental vetting processes and restrictions to certain prospects in China that created about a $20 million headwind to ACV and revenue, which was not contemplated in our third quarter guidance. But without this impact, we would have landed near the high-end of our third quarter guidance range on ACV and above the high end of our revenue guidance. Now we expect that the majority of the $20 million to be a timing shift with a small portion of being lost in business. So as you extend into our 2023 outlook – embedded in the 2023 outlook, it does reflect that incremental operational performance and the momentum that we've seen in the business overall, which is of course, offset by the impact from the export compliance changes, but for the full year in 2023, we expect the impact from incremental export restrictions in the vetting processes in China to have a $25 million impact on ACV and revenue, and we believe just to kind of give a rough sizing, about a third of that is loss of business and two-thirds of that would be an expected timing shift from the elongated transaction cycle. So the effect of this will mute 2023 growth in China. Now as we look to the future, the incremental export restrictions and vetting processes, we also believe will mute ANSYS' ACV and revenue growth in China in 2024 and we expect that impact just – since you asked about sizing, we expect it to be about $10 million to $30 million on both ACV and revenue in the full year in 2024. And as the majority of that headwind will be loss of business, we would expect the 2024 cash impact to be similar in that range as well. Now despite these headwinds, in February, we still expect to initiate full year 2024 guidance on our model with ACV around 10% constant currency growth, excluding tuck-in M&A. And really, the double-digit performance we saw year-to-date, the strong pipeline and momentum in our business, all of these really give us the confidence not only in our 2024 outlook, but in our ability to achieve our long-term outlook which, of course, was a 12% constant currency ACV growth, including tuck-in M&A and $3 billion of cumulative unlevered operating cash flows from 2022 to 2025.
Ajei Gopal: And if I could just jump in a little bit, just to talk – to give you some color about the broader environment that we're working with. I have an opportunity as part of my job to talk to customers around the world, to talk to channel partners around the world. And the demand for our products and our services continues to be as strong as ever or stronger. And just given the nature of our technology, we feel very confident in our ability to solve some of our customers' most challenging problems. So we feel very good about our business. Obviously, Nicole walked through the impact of the China additional approval processes that we just went through.
Joe Vruwink: And just on that point, Ajei, and that was great, Nicole. Thank you. Organic growth and I'll say ex-China, it was better than your formal framework in 2022; it's been better year-to-date. I guess, how do you think about the recent drivers of outperformance relative to your midterm plan and whether those maybe factor positively in 2024?
Ajei Gopal: Well, I think one of the key things that we've been doing very clearly and explicitly in our strategy is to be focusing on some important technologies that continue to improve our product capabilities and as well as being very explicit about going after some of these high growth or next-generation use cases like electrification. So if you look at the nature of our technology, we can support those use cases. We're in a position to support our customers as they're thinking about these next-generation use cases. And that's – those are the investments that we've been making in our product portfolio. And I talked about – last time I talked about these five broad areas that we're investing in, the numerics of our business, HPC capabilities, AI capabilities of course, cloud as well as digital engineering. And all of those are broad techniques that we use across our portfolio and advantage our portfolio. So the investments that we're making are paying off as we support our customers.
Joe Vruwink: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Celino of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just a couple on the China export restrictions. Ajei, I hear you on the news, optically, I think we're a little surprised because it appears others may not be affected. Do you know if other companies were approached as well?
Ajei Gopal: So obviously, we don't know – we don't know who else has been approached privately because these conversations are taking place between the Commerce Department both privately as well as publicly. So I can't really comment on who else has been approached. But the reality, as I said before is you're seeing out there elite high-tech companies facing these new restrictions. And I would imagine that anyone who has products like ANSYS, which are highly capable products, which are broad-based and applicable across industries and across use cases might have similar discussions. But obviously, I'm not in a position to comment about those. I don't know.
Jason Celino: Okay. And then just a quick one for Nicole, on the types of revenue that was affected, was it more perpetual or lease? Sorry, just a modeling that question.
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. It was a combination of both. So as you know, our business model has been shifting to subscription lease over the long-term. And this year in particular, you've seen just generally outside of this quarter a sponsorship to lease [ph]. And so there was a mix of both that were impacted in the quarter
Kelsey DeBriyn: Operator we can take the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Wong of Oppenheimer & Company. Please go ahead.
Ken Wong: Great. thanks for taking y question. Maybe first off for you, Ajei, maybe change gears a little bit. Just wanted to ask about the auto industry, there has been some concern that maybe with the strike that that could have caused some deal slippage or anything like that. Just wondering if you saw any erosion in your auto business at all?
Ajei Gopal: Hey, thanks for the question, Ken. So with auto, the broad-based – and I've said this multiple times, and I'll say it again, I mean, we're tied to the overall R&D cycle. And the broad-based conversations that are taking place with our automotive customers are around electrification around autonomy and those continue – those conversations and those design imperatives continue unabated as far as our customers are concerned. So that's really driving our business. And then, of course, we – as I mentioned in the script, we also have the traditional business crash testing, external airflow, things like that, which we've been doing for a number of years. So all of that continues, it's really design-driven, not manufacturing-driven. The other important thing to consider and realize is that car companies and automotive companies, frankly, all industries everyone is looking at reducing cycle time. And so as you start to reduce cycle time, what's really happening is many of our customers are recognizing that using digital techniques such as simulation allows them to achieve that reduction in cycle time. It allows them to effectively shift left. And that shift left reduces the time that it takes to bring innovation to market faster. And in a highly competitive world like automotive, for example, where you have multiple new entrances coming in as well, that design cycle is of paramount importance. And that’s really where we are seeing the opportunity. And that’s reflected in the conversations we’re having with our customers.
Ken Wong: Got it. And then, Nicole, just because I don’t want to be excluded from the China Party, it sounds like what you guys have baked into the expectations is that these deals do come back into the pipeline. As we think about 2024, is it assumed that the 2023 deals fall into 2024, or should we assume that both 2023, 2024 don’t return until fiscal 2025, in terms of how you guys are embedding into your outlook?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So my reference to the 2023 impact of about two-thirds timing shift and one-third loss of business translates to 2024 as well, right. So the nature of this process is really just kind of an extension of that sales cycle, which in the current outlook we’re seeing, is kind of a shift of that business, kind of to the right, if you will. But the $10 million to $30 million of headwind that we’re expecting to see next year related to this specifically, is our best estimate as to what would be the net loss in 2024.
Ken Wong: Okay, perfect. Thank you for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Tusa of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Tusa: Hi guys. Good morning.
Nicole Anasenes: Good morning.
Steven Tusa: Can you just talk about what kind of is this a customer type issue in China or is it more general than that?
Ajei Gopal: Well, this issue affects prospects who are located in China. So that’s the nature of the conversation. It’s the sale of prospects who are located in China and it’s to people who are performing things like R&D and some other activities in China. So it’s specifically restricted to those kinds of customers or prospects.
Steven Tusa: I guess though, on your ACV, it looked like electronics was kind of weaker than expected. We assume that it was kind of focused in that piece of the pie.
Nicole Anasenes: Sorry, are you talking about the industrial – the industry mix chart? I just want to make sure exactly what you are referring to.
Steven Tusa: Exactly.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So.
Steven Tusa: What type of industry is what I’m like trying to just wrap my head around here a little bit.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, I would say so it is the industry – that the processes – the incremental vetting processes apply to essentially prospects in China that are regardless of industry, right. And so there’s additional restrictions that may be specific, but the incremental processes are agnostic across industry. The dynamics that you’re referring to just to kind of answer that particular question. So when you look at those industry mix charts, those that the relative – those kind of sizings of representation by industry are all relative. So really relative growth is more of what’s driving the mix shift in those countries. And so all of our largest industries have grown. Given – but given the strong 12 months performance in automotive, that kind of drove the overall mix shift. So it was really about relative strength in automotive than any particular weakness in any other place.
Steven Tusa: Right. That makes sense. And is this like ANSYS specific or is it something that they kind of cast a bit wider of a net? Obviously, there’s a lot going on out there between our two countries. Rockwell had some issue, I believe. Is this like – is this really ANSYS specific?
Ajei Gopal: Again, I can’t – we don’t know who the commerce department is engaged with because some of these conversations are private and some of these are public. So we don’t really know who they’re engaged with. But as I said, we can see what’s in front of us. And I believe it just has to do with the fact that our products are very capable and are broadly applicable across industries and use cases.
Steven Tusa: Right. Sorry, one really quick last one.
Ajei Gopal: And specifically to follow on that point, so the incremental vetting that we’re putting in place is really that it’s an incremental vetting process that just adds a certain amount of latency to the approval process. So that’s really what’s happening in this context. And obviously, we’re just taking what we had before, which was industry standard vetting, and we’ve added some an additional layer above that.
Steven Tusa: Right. And that’s why it’s not – it’s 1% of ACV or whatever you want to call it right now, as opposed to it being like across the board, 5% of ACV, which would be a real impairment in the ability to kind of do business over in China, right?
Nicole Anasenes: Correct.
Ajei Gopal: Yes.
Steven Tusa: Yes. Okay. All right. Thanks for all the details, guys. Good luck.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Borg with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mike Richards: Hi, everyone. This is Mike Richards on for Adam Borg. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just on the AI innovations announced last week between SimAI and AI and AI plus, and then even ANSYS GPT, maybe you guys could discuss how you guys are thinking about planning on pricing these? And what kind of pricing uplift that’ll drive in the long term? Thanks.
Ajei Gopal: So let me sort of just since you asked the question, let me sort of explain what those are. And – but to get to your question about pricing, some of this is still being worked out in terms of how we would – exactly what we would price them. But I can give you some philosophy as we go through this. So obviously, AIML is one of our critical pillars that we are focused on across our portfolio. In Q2, we released a beta version of our support technology called ANSYSGPT that’s based on GPT-4. And that’s a virtual multilingual support tool that can answer customers technical questions by retrieving and summarizing ANSYS information. And we believe that will provide ANSYS to the most frequently asked questions that customers have in a matter of seconds. And obviously, it’s going to be available 24/7. So that’s the first area. The second thing that we announced last week is this new generation of products called the AI plus products. And those are building on the AI capabilities that we have available today. So these are new products that will be packaged and priced accordingly. And these new AI plus products include things like ANSYS Granta, AI plus, optiSLang AI plus. And these new products will incorporate and extend some of the AI features that we already have within these products. The SimAI technology that we talked about, this is a brand new offering that is a cloud. It’s a cloud native AI platform that will augment our 3D physics simulation capabilities. And it’s essentially one where our customers will be able to do things like design analysis optimization by using simulation results to train an AI model to predict new design configurations using deep learning techniques. And so this can predict performance across design changes, geometry changes, and so forth. It’s really a physics neutral technology. It applies across industry segments. And we can leverage simulation data whether it originates from ANSYS or from anyone else for that matter. So this is a – this is again, a new product that will be priced accordingly. The actual pricing has not been announced yet.
Mike Richards: Thank you.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Tyler Radke with Citi. Please go ahead.
Tyler Radke: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to follow up on the international performance. Looked like Germany in particular was a bit weaker. It sounds like you are seeing pretty resilient trends in autos. But wasn’t sure if that was a tougher compare or just anything to call out in Europe.
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. So, as just one reminder on the overall revenue results that you see in the results, we saw a lot of impact from the 606 accounting change. And so I am going to – I’ll answer to your question specifically related to that. But also kind of try to give some broader context around ACV because as you recall, this quarter ACV and revenue are highly disconnected. And your Germany answer or your Germany question is actually a prime example of the lease accounting dynamics that played out creating that year-over-year headwind. So, just to use that as an example, in Q3 2022, Germany saw exceptionally robust revenue growth. The revenue growth in Germany was 102% at constant currency. Now, the growth last year was a function of both strong ACV growth, but also the underlying accounting associated with the nature of the mix of transactions in that quarter. And so I think that just gives you kind of a microcosm in Germany being a relatively larger portion of Europe, that was a dynamic that affected overall revenue growth. But when you zoom out and although we don’t give – we don’t typically provide ACV by geography, but EMEA had good growth on ACV in Q3 and – which was really reflective of the region’s operational stability. And just to give some kind of color to the dynamics and the underlying industry performance there, high-tech, aerospace and defense, industrial equipment industries all were strong in EMEA. The quarter was highlighted by sales to a global semiconductor manufacturer and supplier. We also saw a multi-year deal with a research and development company in the A&D industry. They provided more users within its growing simulation team to access our solutions. And then we also had a multi-year deal with the European pump manufacturer that added more global users, more products, more physics, and HPC capacity. So more computation. So the revenue results are really emblematic of the dynamics that we talked about and expected in August. But the underlying ACV performance in the region is quite strong.
Tyler Radke: Okay. That’s helpful. And just to follow up on the long-term…
Ajei Gopal: Yes. And just to…
Tyler Radke: Yes.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. Just to add to what Nicole was saying, I mean, I think that we would – when we talk about – when I talk about my own experiences with customers, sort of anecdotally as I said before, I have an opportunity to talk to customers and channel partners. And we’re really seeing strength, as Nicole said, across multiple industries and across also the different market segments. And in particular, when I talk to channel partners who focus more at the lower end, we’re seeing a lot of activity. And obviously, at our enterprise customers, where we directly engage, we’re seeing a lot of activity. So there’s a lot of design work and R&D efforts that are taking place across these industries across the world. And we believe – and we’re excited about our ability to support our customers in those spaces.
Tyler Radke: That’s helpful. And…
Nicole Anasenes: Tyler, you had a follow-up question.
Tyler Radke: Yes, I did. I did. So just as I think about the 2024 comments and your helpful breakout of the China impacts in terms of I think, two thirds being just delayed business, should we think about that all happening in 2024? And then as I think about your reiteration of your long-term targets, I guess if you could just kind of unpack the puts and takes and do you assume to kind of have the China business normalize and get that full two thirds through the long-term targets? Thank you.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. Yes. I mean, I’d say that when you look underneath, so, as we said, we expect to initiate in 2024 – in February, in 2024 on the model. So 10% constant currency growth, excluding tuck-in M&A. Now, the impact of what we’re estimating to be dropout that we are kind of overcoming in that underlying model is the $10 million to $30 million of ACV in revenue. Now, throughout the year, there’s some shift in timing from this year to next year and next year to the year after. But kind of that just is like the permanent shift that we would expect underneath the covers. But in terms of the kind of – the pure headwind, which is that we’d be wrapping on coming out of 2024, it would be that $10 million to $30 million.
Tyler Radke: Okay. Thank you.
Kelsey DeBriyn: That’s all the time we have today. I will turn it over to Ajei for some closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, Kelsey. With our market leading product portfolio and strong pipeline, ANSYS is well positioned to meet our commitments. I want to thank my colleagues around the world for their continued dedication to ANSYS. I want to thank our channel partners, and I want to thank, of course, our global customer base. Thank you your time today, and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ANSYS Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, President and Chief Executive Officer; Nicole Anasenes, Chief Financial Officer; and Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President, Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. DeBriyn for opening remarks. Please go ahead.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release, the related prepared remarks document and the link to our second quarter 2023 Form 10-Q have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website. They contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our second quarter financial results and business update, as well as our Q3 and fiscal year 2023 outlook and the key underlying quantitative and qualitative assumptions. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. important factors that may affect our future results are discussed in our public filings. Forward-looking statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligations to update any such information. During this call, we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and reconciliations of GAAP to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release materials. I would now like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Good morning. And thank you for joining today's call. Building on the momentum of the first quarter of 2023, Q2 was another excellent quarter for ANSYS in which we beat our guidance across all key metrics. For the first half of 2023, we saw double-digit growth in ACV and revenue, as well as broad-based growth across industries, geographies and customer types. I'm excited about our outstanding performance in Q2 and the first half of the year as well as our strong pipeline. And I'm delighted to announce that we are raising full year guidance for ACV and revenue. Nicole, will have the details in a few minutes. For Q2, our top three contributors by industry for high-tech and semiconductors, aerospace and defense, and automotive and ground transportation. We saw robust growth in our small and medium-sized accounts and from a geographical perspective, our growth was as we expected. One of our largest contracts of the quarter was a four year 8-figure agreement with a multinational industrial company based in Japan. This long-time ANSYS customer is growing the number of users of our core products while expanding its use of new products across our multiphysics portfolio. As part of this customer's digital transformation, it is using ANSYS to establish a virtual product environment, which is helping to drive the company's sustainability and go-to-market strategies by accelerating its product development initiatives. On our calls, I typically highlight a specific aspect of our business. Over the past several quarters, I have discussed the critical role that ANSYS solutions play in sustainability. I have highlighted how customers are using our solutions in the development of next-generation semiconductor and I have given you insights into the innovation we are driving across our multiphysics portfolio through our five technology pillars. Given our continuing strength in aerospace and defense, our second largest sector, I would like to use today's call to discuss this critical industry. In fact, our largest contract in the quarter was a nearly $57 million multiyear agreement with a global aerospace and defense company based in the United States. This contract reflects significant growth over the previous contract to keep up with user demand. The aerospace industry has experienced a resurgence since the pandemic with commercial air travel returning to record levels this summer. From a product development perspective, industry leaders are challenging old assumptions about their aircraft. And ANSYS simulation is playing a key role in this industry transformation. For example, in the past, most airplanes were powered by traditional aircraft fuel. Today, though, commercial aircraft manufacturers can choose from those fuels. They can use a SAFB or sustainable aviation fuel blend or they can consider alternative fuels, including hydrogen. These critical choices - impact for an organization, but they also play an important role in sustainability initiatives of aerospace companies. Sustainability is a key driver at aircraft engine maker present with me, which has a vision of enabling the air transportation sector to achieve net 0 carbon emissions by 2050. Today, the company's engines are certified to run on 50% SAFB. By using simulation from ANSYS, the company plans to increase that number close to 100%. ANSYS solutions are used in a number of sustainability initiatives at Pratt & Whitney, including developing our hydrogen propulsion system and optimizing the company's geared turbofan which is reducing fuel consumption by 16% and cutting NOx emissions by half. In addition to the fuel source, commercial aerospace companies by using ANSYS simulation to boost the efficiency of their aircraft. For example, technical aircraft services leader, Lufthansa Technik has used ANSYS multiphysics simulation to design a biomimetic coating that emulates shark skin to significantly reduce fuel consumption and the associated carbon dioxide emissions. Using ANSYS, the Company quickly modeled aircraft and aerodynamic behavior in an accurate, robust and computationally efficient manner and accelerated critical certification from the European and U.S. aviation agencies. In its current stage of development, the air short modification already makes two types of Boeing 777 long-haul aircraft more efficient which will have a positive environmental impact. Another consideration for those commercial aerospace leaders is who will pilot the aircraft. Automation technology has already had a profound impact on the industry, and it is one that will continue for the foreseeable future. To better prepare the industry, OneSky Systems is integrating its airspace domain expertise and technology with ANSYS solutions to create AI-based software that streamlines and optimizes the development, validation and certification of autonomous advanced air mobility systems. The collaboration enables OneSky and ANSYS customers to train and validate neural networks with mission-driven simulation to reduce the risk, time and cost required for airworthiness certification. Our success in the commercial aerospace sector was in display at the recent Paris Air Show, where ANSYS exhibited. During the event, we encountered a number of ANSYS customers that are using our simulation to further disrupt the industry. For example, ANSYS customer Rolls-Royce was in Paris to meet with its clients. The company recently announced that it has reduced the time that it takes to perform a crucial thermomechanical model of its gas turbine engines from 1,000 hours to less than 10 hours using ANSYS simulation in a high-performance computing environment. As a result, Rolls-Royce is able to rapidly deliver clean and complex propulsion solutions for safety-critical applications. With our new discussion of the aerospace and defense industry is complete without touching upon developments in the space sector. Given the unforgiving environment of space, and the inability to perform physical testing there, simulation is playing a critical role for space to royal companies. One of our key contracts in Q2 was with a Space 2.0 leader that takes advantage of the full ANSYS portfolio, including our core products as well as newer solutions for materials, motor design, digital mission engineering and digital twins. This three year agreement increases the number of products the company is leveraging, as well as the number of users of ANSYS solutions. One of the trends amongst our Space 2.0 customers is to employ micro satellites to perform certain missions such as delivering radar coverage of broadband services. These small light satellites are less expensive to develop and launch than the heavier traditional ones. ANSYS customer, Astranis launched its first satellite earlier this year with the aim of delivering low-cost broadband service anywhere in the world. With its use of ANSYS mechanical, fluids, electronics and digital mission engineering solutions, Astranis is a great example of customers expanding the role of simulation to include more products and more users. Similarly, we reached an agreement in Q2 with long-time Space 2.0 customer, [ISI], which uses ANSYS analysis and simulation solutions to help deliver synthetic aperture radar coverage of the globe through constellations of small satellites. ANSYS digital mission engineering solutions help the company to design and operate its satellite systems ensuring unparalleled accuracy for Earth imaging and satellite maneuver planning. Here in Pittsburgh, we are eagerly awaiting the launch later this year of Astrobotic Technology's, lunar lander called Peregrine. Using ANSYS multiphysics technology, the company rapidly iterates through lander designs that are capable of withstanding the tremendous pressures of launch, the vacuum of space and the impact of landing. Astrobotic is understanding how its craft will operate in space using guidance navigation simulation. This will help put humans back on the moon and beyond and will further expand our knowledge of the Kosmos. Given aircraft increasing complexity, the need to quickly explore all design options and the complexities of space travel, we believe that simulation will play an even greater role in commercial aerospace and Space 2.0 in the near future. Companies in these sectors must take advantage of all areas of physics, including structures, fluids, electromagnetics, optics and materials. And with our highly scalable solutions and access to high-performance computing via the cloud, ANSYS is in a unique position to propel the industry forward. Turning to our partnership activities. Intel Foundry Services has certified our leading semiconductor solutions for power integrity sign-off verification of integrated circuits designed with the Intel 16 silicon manufacturing process. ANSYS solutions provide unparalleled capacity to analyze a full chip design while verifying the effectiveness of that chip's electrostatic discharge protection circuitry. I'm also pleased to announce a number of developments in our relationship with Samsung Foundry. At the foundry's recent SAFE conference, where my presentation reviewed the importance of 3D ICs and the critical role that ANSYS plays in designing them, Samsung certified ANSYS RedHawk-SC for the company's family of heterogeneous multi-die packaging technologies. Red Hawk-SC, as you may remember, is our power integrity and thermal verification platform. Samsung Foundry also certified ANSYS RedHawk-SC and ANSYS Total Power Integrity signoff solutions for Samsung's latest 2-nanometer silicon process technology. We have also expanded our relationship with Synopsys. Our two companies recently announced a new reference flow for Samsung's 14 LPU technology, which delivers the accuracy of ANSYS' golden sign-off electromagnetic analysis with leading custom design flow from Synopsys. In Q2, we also announced an expansion of our partnership with PTC. Our teams are pursuing more integrated materials management and sustainability workflows between PTC's Creo and Windchill products and ANSYS Granta. This collaboration will help engineers balance performance and environmental footprint priorities as they design products. Turning to our ESG initiatives, I'm very happy to report that ANSYS has been named to USA TODAY's inaugural list of America's climate leaders. The list recognizes companies that have achieved the greatest reduction in core emissions intensity between 2019 and 2021. Finally, I'm excited that ANSYS has been named to Newsweek's list of most loved global workplaces. This recognition celebrates companies with employees who feel included, recognized and valued. ANSYS ranked 27th globally on this precedes list, which is yet another indication of our tremendous team and the impact we are having around the world. In summary, Q2 was another excellent quarter for ANSYS. I'm excited that the market is vibrant and the demand for ANSYS solutions remains robust, thanks to the unique value proposition that we provide. With our strong pipeline, our industry-leading portfolio and our deep customer relationships, I am confident in our ability to meet our short- and long-term goals. And with that, I will turn the call over to Nicole. Nicole?
Nicole Anasenes: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Let me take a few minutes to add some perspective on our second quarter financial performance and provide context for our outlook and assumptions for Q3 and full year 2023. The second quarter demonstrated the strength of our business as we delivered solid performance during Q2 and beat our financial guidance across all key metrics. ACV came in better than guidance, revenue, operating margin and EPS also exceeded our guidance, driven by ACV outperformance and the mix of license types sold in the quarter. Given the strength of demand for simulation and the momentum we see in our pipeline, we are raising our full year ACV and revenue. The improvement in our full year ACV outlook is above and beyond our Q2 outperformance. I will provide additional details on our guidance in a few minutes. Now let me discuss some of our Q2 financial highlights. Beginning with ACV, we delivered $488.3 million in Q2, which grew 6% year-over-year or 7% in constant currency. Our SMB customers performed well during the quarter, and we saw growth across most industries. ACV from recurring sources grew 13% or 17% in constant currency on a trailing 12-month basis and represented 82% of the total. This momentum in recurring ACV growth is driven by the strong annuity created by our ongoing shift towards subscription lease licenses. Q2 total revenue was $496.6 million and grew 4% or 5% in constant currency, which, as I mentioned, exceeded our guidance driven by the ACV outperformance and the mix of license types in the quarter. Growth for both ACV and revenue by geography was in line with our expectations. Year-to-date, our top line performance was robust with ACV and revenue, both growing double digit in constant currency at 12% and 13%, respectively with broad-based growth across industries, geographies and customer types. We closed the quarter with a total balance of GAAP deferred revenue and backlog of $1.3 billion which grew 10% year-over-year. During the quarter, we continued to deliver a business model with strong operating leverage. This yielded a solid second quarter gross margin of 91% and an operating margin of 36.4%, which was better than our guidance. Operating margin was positively impacted by outperformance on revenue, the favorable mix of license types, as well as the timing of expenses. The result with second quarter EPS of $1.60, which was also better than our guidance. Similar to operating margin, EPS benefited from strong revenue results and the timing of expenses. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 17.5%, which is the rate that we expect for the remainder of the year. Our unlevered operating cash flow in the second quarter totaled $72.1 million and in line with expectations. The underlying momentum in our cash collections remain strong. However, unlevered operating cash flow was down year-over-year due to the timing of tax payments. We ended the quarter with $478 million of cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet. Now let me turn to the topic of guidance. We delivered an outstanding first half coming off an exceptional 2022 and our updated 2023 forecast reflects the continued broad-based customer demand for our market-leading simulation portfolio. Looking to the remainder of the year, the business continues to show momentum, which bolsters our confidence in achieving our 2023 and long-term outlook. Let me start with our full year 2023 guidance. We are raising our full year ACV outlook to a range of $2.275 billion to $2.340 billion, which represents growth of 12% to 15.2% or 11.4% to 14.6% in constant currency. We are raising the midpoint of our ACV guidance in constant currency growth by 0.5 point. Our improved outlook is in excess of the Q2 overperformance we delivered relative to our Q2 guidance and is partially offset by a few million dollars of foreign exchange headwind. We are increasing our revenue outlook to a range of $2.257 billion to $2.327 billion, which is growth of 8.9% to 12.3% or 8.5% to 11.9% in constant currency. We are raising the midpoint of our revenue guidance in constant currency growth by 0.5 point. Within this increased guidance, we are absorbing a similar amount of foreign exchange headwind that we anticipate seeing in ACV. We expect our full year EPS to be in the range of $8.39 to $8.88. Relative to our May guidance, our updated full year EPS contemplates $0.04 of operational improvement from increased full year revenue guidance, which was more than offset by $0.06 of higher interest expense and onetime items in other expense. Now let me turn to our full year unlevered operating cash flow guidance. As a reminder, we now provide guidance for unlevered operating cash flow as it aligns to the long-term cumulative $3 billion cash flow outlook we provided at our 2022 investor update. Our 2023 guidance is a range of $699 million to $749 million and relative to our May guidance, absorbs the small additional foreign exchange headwind we see in the second half. The underlying operating leverage in our business remains robust. Further details on the reconciliation of GAAP operating cash flow to the comparable non-GAAP unlevered operating cash flow are contained in our prepared remarks document. Now let me turn to guidance for Q3. For the third quarter, we expect ACV in the range of $460.5 million to $480.5 million. Our ACV growth outlook for both Q3 and the full year is 13% constant currency growth at the midpoint, which is above our financial model and an acceleration from the 12% constant currency growth we saw in the first half. Turning to the P&L. We expect Q3 revenue in the range of $453.7 million to $473.7 million. We expect Q3 operating margin in the range of 29.6% to 31.3% and EPS in the range of $1.18 to $1.31. As I have noted in the past, quarterly dynamics can be volatile and oftentimes, growth dynamics in the P&L can be disconnected from ACV. The quarterly mix of license types that generate upfront recognition creates a year-over-year headwind in the third quarter, which is causing the P&L to be disconnected from the strong accelerating third quarter and second half ACV outlook. The year-over-year revenue and resulting P&L in the third quarter is not a reflection of a change in business momentum. Our full year raised ACV guidance continues to be the best metric to observe momentum in our business. Further details around specific currency rates and other assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for 2023 and Q3 are contained in the prepared remarks document. I am really proud of the strong execution in the first half of the year, our expanding product leadership and our robust pipeline. These factors along with our diversified business and laser focus on execution are giving us business momentum. This is reflected in increased outlook for ACV and revenue. To the entire ANSYS team, thank you for your dedication to delighting our customers and delivering world-class innovation. Your efforts not only contributed to our strong performance in the first half of 2023, but also fuels the continued momentum going into our second half of the year. I remain confident in our ability to deliver our 2023 and long-term outlook. Operator, we will now open the phone line to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. I wanted to start with a question on AI. And I appreciate this has been part of the product roadmap for a long time. It's been making your flagship products better for a long time. My question is more coming off of the Design Automation Conference during the quarter and hearing about some of the all new products that are in development at ANSYS, things like machine learning-based solvers or even new cloud platforms that will play into AI and simulation data. I just wanted to see the potential for these new things to become additive. And how you think about kind of the new monetizing that would be separate and distinct from what's been playing out within kind of the core silver business, if you will.
Ajei Gopal: Good morning, Joe. Thanks for the question. So as I've said before, AI has been part of our road map, and we have five broad areas that we're investing in from a technology perspective to improve the - continue to improve our products. And I talked about them at some length at the last earnings call, so I won't go through all five areas. But AI, of course, is one of those key pillars. We've continued to have investments in area, and we will continue to make investments in AI. And you'll see products coming out as they're ready. We have products in the market already. The broad areas where I think you'll see the benefit and the impact on ANSYS. One is, of course, we'll improve the experience of - the user experience of ANSYS tools. AI plays a role there. We continue to focus on that area. The second is broadly speaking, making simulation easier to use. And you may have seen a recent announcement that we made about ANSYS GPT which is a virtual support technology that's based on GPT, which is really designed to help customers use ANSYS solutions more easily, it's a virtual multilingual tool, and it can go against our information and summarize public information in a way that's appropriate based on how the user is using our technology. So that's a really interesting use case that we've made available recently. And then, of course, we've been focusing on making simulation faster, and that's making our products faster. I talked about this at the last earnings call, and one of the examples I gave was on - in the area of optimization. And I think I gave an example of a customer who's using our multivariate optimization using our AI capabilities and they're in a position as a large European automaker and they were in a position to get to an ADAS solution 1,000x faster than using traditional Monte Carlo simulations. So there's a lot of exciting things that are taking place as we start to look at the overall AI landscape. Does that answer your question?
Joe Vruwink: Yes, that's great. Thank you, Ajei. And then as a quick follow-up, just given the focus on Aerospace and Defense cord, I wanted to ask how has the evolution of ACV or maybe a net retention rate is the best way to think about this within existing customers in this end market, you obviously talked about a really big deal in the quarter. There's an occurring customer but expanding how they use ANSYS. I guess what's kind of the experience broadly across the end market? And are you seeing not just multiphysics as a driver, but more cross-pollination between the simulation business and the new acquired solutions spanning into missions engineering?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean what I would say generally is the dynamics that we see are really across all three dimensions of the growth drivers that we see, right? So the example that we highlighted in our remarks was an example of a customer who already use broad sets of capabilities, added a couple of additional capabilities, but really was demand was supply constrained in terms of their - the licenses that they had to be able to accommodate the breadth of the users that we're propagating it. These - in the aerospace and defense space, in particular, these are very complex multiphysics problems, which drive really significant amount of computation, right? And so the license constraint that customers face that is driving growth also has that third dimension of our growth model around needing to have additional capacity to accommodate the computational complexity of all the things they have. So I think the aerospace and defense industry given kind of the tipping points and at the beginning of some of the transformations that it's going through is very emblematic of what an industry can an industry experiences in their evolution of ANSYS software because it comes from those adding more products to solve the solution, driving more usage across the development life cycle and then the problems themselves are very complicated. I don't know, Ajei, if you'd have anything to add.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good morning. Ajei, following up on the commentary about the aerospace and defense market. It is very interesting to see how it has now become your second largest market, surpassing automotive for which for many years, it was a pretty similar percent. But it's also interesting to consider that I think the A&D market is perhaps somewhat more concentrated in terms of the customers and a number of logos, for example, and how are you thinking about the sustainability of that kind of growth for A&D, which has been outgrowing your largest market, high tech and could you foresee, for example, that perhaps automotive might start seeing an acceleration for the same kind of reasons that you've been seeing the acceleration in A&D.
Ajei Gopal: Good morning, Jay. So it's a really interesting point when you consider the dynamics of every individual market, they go through different drivers that are changing the way people are thinking or changing the level of innovation that's taking place in specific markets. And of course, when we talk about markets, we're talking about end markets. And so if you consider any end customer, they're relying on a supply chain of components some of which would be considered to be from that same end market and some of which will be produced, for example, semiconductors would come from the high-tech vertical. We may be selling to a customer in the supply chain, but they're providing semiconductors that ultimately might get used in the - in building an airplane, for example. So it crosses industry verticals. But that being said, that's how we categorize the end markets. Look, aerospace is going through a really interesting transition, as I mentioned. That's one of the reasons I highlighted on the call. It's not just fuels, as I discussed, there is a whole discussion taking place in the industry about different kinds of takeoff modalities is vertical takeoff, is it short takeoff, is it traditional electric motors versus more traditional prunes of propulsion. There's a number of different vectors where there are conversations taking place. I mentioned the Paris Air Show at the - in my script, I was actually at that air show, and I had an opportunity to meet with some of our very large customers. As you point out, we have some very large aerospace companies who are customers of ours. But it was really interesting walking around the show floor. They were thousands of people representing small companies, booths all over the place where these are small companies that are part of this supply chain dealing with this changing landscape that the aerospace industry is dealing with right now. And there's a dizzying number of designs of aircraft and there are smaller companies out there pursuing their dreams and pursuing their opportunity. And every single one of those companies is designing technology, building technology which makes them either potential customers of ANSYS or perhaps already customers of ANSYS. So it's a really vibrant area. Every one of these verticals goes through its ups and it goes through its drivers but we're very excited about the aerospace market. We have some great technologies and capabilities from a more traditional physics, things like mission engineering, there's lots of different interesting technologies that we can bring to bear to support the transformation of these aerospace companies or to help them achieve what they're trying to do in this rapidly changing market.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. As a follow-up, I'll ask the obligatory AIML question. Three weeks ago at the EDA conference, I ask the CTO a very interesting keynote on AI and depicted an unusually detailed road map for your AI product releases, over 15 products just this year alone, across nine different stacks. And it was an earlier question about AI. But what I want to see if you could tie this into is how do, you see AI affecting new use cases, which you have posited as an important growth driver for you over and above renewals, and as well for what you call integrated workflows or industry solutions, which you've also commented on as a growth driver for you?
Ajei Gopal: Well, look, there's obviously a lot of discussion about AI and Joe asked the question earlier. As I've said multiple times, this is an area we've been investing in. We have product activity. We have customer activity. And obviously, there are use cases that we're driving that are perhaps made more interesting through the use of AI. And I talked about the use of multivariate optimization, for example, and how AI technique can improve that for the perspective of being able to get to optimize and iterate to be able to get to the design. But I think I'll take a slightly different angle here to respond to your question as well. And let's talk a little bit about the end markets. And so, when you think about sort of the design activity, clearly, we see, and as I've articulated, we see AI, we see the use of AI, helping us run our own company. That's obviously something that we will do as every other company will do. So that's no different from every other company. The second is, and I've talked at length about this, is the use of AI to improve our products, making simulation easier to use, making simulation faster, the user experience. I'm not going to go into that. The third is really how do, we see the end markets being affected potentially by AI. And if you look at it from that perspective, if you - the high-tech and semiconductor industry is clearly being affected most - sort of at the most leading edge. And so we have customers - we have customers like NVIDIA, for example, they're taking advantage of our technologies to be able to pursue the physical design limits to be able to manage risk as they start to use Red Hawk Raptor, all of our products to improve their design. You look at Cerebras, for example, they're using Red Hawk-SC for their wafer-scale engine, which is really focused on the AI market and they're helping. And we're helping them with challenges of mixed signal power integrity with electrostatic discharge and things of that nature. So those are just a couple of examples of customers in the high-tech market, but clearly, that's the leading edge in terms of how this is being - this is being rolled out, if you will, in customers. When you think about some of the other heavier industries, it's important to recognize that these industries have a longer design cycle than the high-tech market. So when you think about aerospace, and we've just talked about aerospace or you think about automotive, they have development cycles that are longer than the traditional high tech cycle. And so, as they start to incorporate more AI techniques into their products, it starts to change. It will have an impact, but the impact is a little bit further out as we see it. Now from our perspective, the use of AI. The reason we're talking about this is that as customers start to take more use of AI to help drive, for example, design iterations, we feel that, that drives greater use of simulation, because as you start to use AI technique, for example, to explore different design options that drives more simulation, because simulation is validating whether those designs make sense or not. It's sort of the - question about generative design that we've had for some time. And so, that translates into additional simulation intensity, which benefits ANSYS. So as we start to look at some of these markets, the end markets, they will develop at different rates and paces. But net-net, as these markets develop, it continues to be a long-term tailwind for ANSYS as they - as customers are driving more design options and exploring more design spaces as AI techniques give them that capability.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Great. Thank you, Ajei.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Andrew Obin: Yes. Good morning.
Nicole Anasenes: Good morning.
Andrew Obin: Good morning Ajei and the call I can see.
Ajei Gopal: Good morning.
Andrew Obin: Yes, Just a question - you highlighted sort of strength in small and medium enterprises. And I just want to dig in into it from two angles. A) I think you sort of said that small and medium enterprises tend to lead just larger enterprises in terms of sort of economic sensitivity. So is there a message here on how the underlying demand for software is doing? And second, just maybe an update on ANSYS start-up program. What are you seeing there? Is that accelerating?
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. So yes, as we had mentioned in our prepared remarks, we've seen pretty sustained performance in the SMB sector throughout the first half. And when you look - and when you look at the total first half performance, we've seen broad-based growth across industries, geographies and customer segments entirely. So when you look at where we're sitting year-to-date and where we're looking on a go-forward basis, it is that underlying broad-based strength that has persisted in the first half that we're expecting to see in the second half, because we haven't seen any changes in that profile overall. So that's kind of how we're thinking about the underlying momentum in our business and what's driving it. As it relates to the ANSYS start-up program. We've helped more than 1,900 start-ups from over 58 countries. We've graduated more than 415 start-ups to commercial relationships once they're commercially viable. I mean these are - this is a really I think, successful program to be at the forefront of simulation first R&D thinking. And we're really, really proud of the teams that have kind of worked closely with these start-ups to be able to help them - to help get their processes aligned to that simulation first model. So - we're really happy with the progress of the program. It drives a lot of momentum. Again, it's not a program that drives massive amounts of near-term ACV, but it is an indication of where our thought leadership is and where our influence is in kind of being forward thinking about how the future of R&D can look.
Ajei Gopal: I was just going to say there were a couple of companies that you may know that have graduated from the program that have done very well Relativity is an example Climb works is another example. So we've had a number of customers have taken advantage of this in their early stages have gone on to see tremendous success.
Andrew Obin: Got you. And just a follow-up question. As global supply chains, you globalize that on the margin, you are sort of rebuilding tech ecosystem in the U.S. with semis, EV plants. How does sort of this impact your ACV growth was the fact that more incremental growth is shifting to North America. If you could just expand on that. That's a longer-term question? Thank you.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean what I would say is, just as a reminder, where we - where our business is placed is really in the R&D space, right? So the question you're answering about kind of decoupling and moving is a complex answer, because the - it's a complex question to answer, because it really relies upon an understanding of what is the nature of what actually happens in that decoupling. If it's lift and shift of manufacturing than it isn't as exposed to the R&D cycle as fundamentally changing the way R&D works or changing the innovation model or the way the process of R&D works which would be more amenable to where the role of simulation plays, because we…
Andrew Obin: That exactly the part. That's my question. Yes. That's my question. So what are you?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So that - I mean, so that's the - yes, so what I would say is that it is too early to tell, because the R&D is - the decoupling is really a mixed dynamic around shifting manufacturing and where customers are still in the early process of thinking about what that looks like and what it changes, right? So, I would say that there isn't anything definitive to point to at this moment, but that is the framework for how I would think about, where it would impact our business and where it wouldn't impact our business.
Andrew Obin: Well, really appreciate the answer. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tyler Radke with Citi. Please go ahead.
Tyler Radke: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask you about a couple of trends that you're seeing in the semiconductor market, partially as it relates to generative AI. But you talked a little bit about how, obviously, the auto industry is pivoting more towards building custom chips just as vehicle complexity rises. And then obviously, as GPUs are taking off, because of generative AI workloads. I guess my question is, how are you seeing kind of the simulation intensity, and attach rate differ in some of these new types of chips, whether it's from the auto industry, making their own chips or in a GPU chip relative to CPU where you're probably more dominant historically? Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: So, there are a couple of areas that I think are important to consider. One is when you consider some of these high-performance chips that are being built, there's - there are - and you look at sort of advanced designs. One is being able to get certified for the most of being able to support the most advanced process node capability as we can, that's certainly very important. And the amount of simulation that's necessary given the cost of failure, if you will, of a failed tape-out, amount of simulation that's necessary is quite significant. And so for the sign off at these advanced process nodes, you clearly need a lot of simulation. And so that's obviously a tailwind for us, because the AI workloads are creating these very complex chip sets. The second thing is that as you start to think about a next-generation silicon design technology, you're starting to look at 3D ICs or stack chiplets. And then that really changes the kind of technologies that are necessary to support that are different from traditional -- from the more traditional SoC kind of designs that people have worked with. There are two sort of primary ways of thinking about those challenges. One is that you're dealing with multiscale challenges because now you're dealing as a semiconductor designer, you're now dealing with chip design, which is at the nanometer scale, you're dealing with things like package design at the millimeter scale and then PCP design at the centimeter scale. And the fact that you are dealing with these multiple different levels of scale introduces a lot of challenges and the physics challenges can change as you scale. So for example, thermal effects, which can smooth out the temperature on very small chip geometry scales, but large temperature differences can appear when you're dealing with sizable multi-die modules. And so, that's really one challenge of scale. The second challenge is of multiphysics and in that case, you're dealing not just, because you're dealing with this novel structure, you're not just dealing with the traditional challenges of SoCs, you're dealing also with the fact that you've got interconnections between the different chip labs. So for example, you worry about electromagnetic interference, for example. And so you need to do electromagnetic simulation to prevent that EMI to ensure signal integrity, you've got to be able to handle cooling and warpage reliable soda ball connection. So, there's photonics. So there's a number of different areas where you're bringing in different physics from what you may have traditionally used to build out and SoC or traditional ship. And so, that's another area where we really shine because our technology is about multiphysics. We can help our customers with 3D ICs, deal with these challenges of multiscale and multiphysics and I think that, that puts us in a really good place. So, we're very excited about what we can offer as customers are building some of these next-generation silicon and systems to address the needs of AIML.
Tyler Radke: That's helpful. And Nicole, just on the performance you saw here in the second quarter and Q3 outlook. It sounded like there was a lot of strength in Europe and APAC, at least in the prepared remarks. Could you talk a little bit about the U.S. performance? I know you did beat the midpoint of the guide here in Q2 on ACV, but it was the lowest growth rate we've seen for a while, and it seems like duration came in a bit softer. Was there any type of change in contract duration just maybe driven by macro conditions? Just help us understand the seasonality and trends that you saw in the U.S.? Thank you.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So first, I'll start off by saying that the overall dynamics in the quarter that we saw from a geography mix standpoint, from a deal mix standpoint, are very much in line with what we expected when we initiated guidance. So, there's nothing that was surprising or that changed in the quarter that is different from the outcome. And when you look at Americas overall, Americas has led the company in creating value for customers, and we continue to expect it to be - it's our largest region. We continue to expect it to be a strong performer and revenue growth in the quarter was 12% in constant currency. We highlighted in the prepared remarks, some emblematic large deals that we had in the quarter. So, the quarterly dynamics around what we delivered in Americas was in line with the expectations we had. And then in the geographic mix overall, we're really pleased with the performance that we saw in Asia Pacific and EMEA as well, as we pointed out in our prepared remarks. And we had pretty diversified industry dynamics and growth in APAC as an example, aerospace and defense, automotive, industrial equipment performed really well. When you look at EMEA, we had similar kind of broad industry growth, automotive and ground transportation, A&D and industrial equipment were all strong. Materials and Chemicals were also particularly strong. So we saw a quarter in Q2 very much in the way in which we envisioned it would play out. And it actually ended up being a little bit better which allowed us to beat the midpoint of our guidance in the quarter. And the dynamics in the building pipeline that we've seen across the globe, across industries, geographies, customer segments is what gave us the confidence to raise the full year ACV by 0.5 point, which is in excess of the beat that we had in Q2.
Tyler Radke: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew DeGasperi with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew DeGasperi: Thanks for taking my question. Maybe a two part question on the M&A side. Just wondering if, first, you could maybe elaborate a little bit the Diakopto acquisition and maybe Nicole, could you just tell us what the contribution is from a percent growth in the second half or a dollar amount as any kind. And then secondly, Ajei, maybe if you could touch on the EDA portfolio that you have. Do you expect to invest more in that? And more broadly, do you - how do you balance that with your partnership with Synopsys. Thanks.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. So let me just give you the quick rationale for Diakopto and then I'll turn it back over to Nicole and then maybe I can answer the question. So Diakopto was really IP that was complementary to our core business. It was developed by a relatively small but extremely high performance team of subject matter experts. They were very early in their commercialization process. And it was really about shifting left in the design cycle. So they were addressing some key challenges for analog and mixed signal circuit design. And that application is important for things like automotive, electronics and RF communications and things of that nature. So it's a very natural complement to our existing semiconductor products. as I said, it supports that shift left. Nicole, do you want?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. And as Ajei said, I mean this was - this is an amazing technology, great IP really talented team, it was not in an advanced commercial phase. So there's no material impact from this particular acquisition in the quarter or in the second half outlook.
Ajei Gopal: So with respect to the question that you asked about how our portfolio fits in, I think you asked on semiconductors. Look, we have historically had one of the areas of sort of golden sign off, if you will, with our ANSYS RedHawk portfolio dealing with things like power integrity and thermal effects and so forth. And that's been an area that we have continued to make investments in, and we are very, very excited about our product capabilities. Like I talked about some of the certifications we have received from the foundries and at the most advanced process nodes. And we're very excited about that. As you look more broadly though, going into the future, I talked at some length about 3D ICs and the use of the multiphysics portfolio. And that's really bringing in different technologies that were historically not being used by people who are designing traditional ICs, and you start to think about thermal effects and others. Depending on the placements of this, I mean, we talked about the automotive segment. If you're putting in chips into cars, you have to now recognize that these chips are not sitting in air-conditioned environments, they are sitting in a car, which could be extremely - could get extremely hot. It can get lots of vibrations. So there's a whole different set of analysis that needs to be done to be able to ensure the reliability of these solutions for these different use cases that are increasingly becoming common. And that leads to the traditional ANSYS portfolio. And so we believe in an open ecosystem, we believe in partnering and certainly, we're excited about our areas of our strength. And obviously, we're in a position to make sure that we work with other vendors to ultimately make sure that our customers are successful.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question will be from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for letting me in.
Ajei Gopal: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Can you just maybe talk about just the mechanics of the third quarter just from an accounting perspective, like - just a little more color on what's driving those headlines just mechanically. Obviously, there's - it reflects some sort of a change in behavior to a degree. Obviously, as you put it, doesn't really change the longer-term value in the cash flows. But just maybe a little more color on the moving parts there on the non-GAAP income statement front.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, sure. So as I've noted in the past, we haven't had a quarter that has this much disconnection in a couple of quarters in quite a while. But sometimes you have a quarter where you can have a meaningful disconnect between the P&L and ACV. So again, if you look at the underlying ACV growth in the quarter and in the half, it is accelerating both from the first half and throughout Q3 and Q4. And so the overall dynamics around ECB, which is the basis of cash generation are very consistent. Now in the quarter, the mix of license types which generate upfront recognition within the Q3 outlook, is relatively lower in 2022 versus 2023. So that's what's creating the year-over-year headwind in the quarter and that's what's causing the disconnect between the P&L in the quarter from the strong and accelerating third quarter and second half ACV outlook. Now when you look that year-over-year revenue and the resulting P&L in the third quarter, as we said, it's not a reflection of momentum or any change in the business. And when you - if you consider the full year guidance and the Q3 guidance, and you can evaluate the implied Q4 revenue growth, you can see that, that outlook returns to strong double-digit growth. And so that's the reason why we've - our full year ACV guidance is really the best metric to observe momentum in our business. And that's where we've seen kind of the continued progress and momentum. The increased just under 1.5 points since February of our outlook in ACV with - when you add this additional half point that we gave. So that's the underlying dynamic that's driving the disconnect between the quarter and the - I'm sorry, the quarter and the full year.
Steve Tusa: So just as a follow-up to that. So just mechanically, like what is actually changing between the third and the fourth quarter, just on the ground, again, acknowledging that it doesn't change ACV or cash flow. But like what - is there any vertical where there's a bit of a different SKU or profile? Or what is kind of the change on the ground that drives this kind of volatility in that P&L. Like what do you read into at a high level?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So there's really nothing operational because the pipeline is the pipeline and the mix of kind of license types that renew are those that were new. So there's nothing really operational. But on occasion, you can get the comparison of a high mix of upfront of license types that have upfront recognition like perpetual licenses or multiyear leases compared to a different period where you have a relatively different mix, a higher mix of one-year leases as an example, right? So you can have a different mix in a comparative period, which drives anomalies in growth rates but it doesn't fundamentally change the overall dynamics in the business. In fact, if you look at the overall SKU of the business and the implied SKU of what we're delivering kind of implied in the guidance in the second half of the year, it is very consistent with what has been done in prior quarters. It's just that the revenue recognition rules can tend to have some really odd comparative dynamics when you have the comparative of license types mix in one period versus the comparison in another period. And so that's a dynamic that is sometimes challenging. It hasn't happened in a couple of quarters, but every once in a while, you have a quarter where you have just a very different dynamic on a quarter-to-quarter - year-over-year basis within a quarter.
Steve Tusa: Yes, makes a ton of sense. Thanks. I really appreciate it.
Kelsey DeBriyn: No problem. Thank you for joining us today. That's all the time we have. And I will turn it over to Ajei for closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: I'm excited by our excellent execution in the first half of the year, our expanding product leadership and our strong pipeline. Those factors as well as a proven track record of success and our unique value proposition adds to my confidence in our ability to achieve our goals. I want to thank all my colleagues at ANSYS and at our global channel partners for their commitment, focus and their many successes. Thank you for joining us, and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the ANSYS First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, President and Chief Executive Officer; Nicole Anasenes, Chief Financial Officer; and Alex Di Ruzza, Investor Relations Manager. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Di Ruzza for opening remarks. Please go ahead. 
Alex Di Ruzza: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release, the related prepared remarks document and the link to our first quarter 2023 Form 10-Q have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website. They contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our first quarter financial results and business update as well as our Q2 and fiscal year 2023 outlook and the key underlying quantitative and qualitative assumptions. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Important factors that may affect our future results are discussed in our public filings. Forward-looking statements are based upon our view of the business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligations to update any such information. During this call we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and the reconciliations of GAAP to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release materials. I would now like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ajei Gopal for his opening remarks. Ajei? 
Ajei Gopal: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Q1 was an outstanding quarter for ANSYS with the company once again surpassing expectations across all key metrics. We grew ACV by 19% in constant currency over Q1 2022, which reflects the power of our world-class products, the ongoing demand from our customers and the strength of our business. As a result of our strong Q1, we have operationally raised our full year guidance for ACV revenue and EPS. Nicole will have the details in a few minutes. ANSYS realized broad-based growth across the business in Q1. We grew revenue by double-digits in every region in the quarter with the Americas leading the way. From a vertical perspective the high-tech and semiconductor, aerospace and defense, and automotive and ground transportation sectors were again our top contributors. Our largest agreement in the quarter was a nearly $74 million three-year contract with a multinational aerospace and defense technology company based in the US We grew the account by showcasing the value ANSYS is driven at this long-time customer including a new workflow with our digital mission engineering and electromagnetic solutions that reduce the time required to bring a critical product to market by 50%. That same workflow is being reused by multiple groups within the company helping to drive more users, more products and more computations. On these calls, I often highlight a specific aspect of our business. Over the past several quarters, I have discussed the critical role that ANSYS solutions play in sustainability. I highlighted how customers are using our solutions in the development of next-generation semiconductor and I reviewed our leading suite of optical simulation products. For this call, I would like to give you additional insight into the innovation we are driving across our multiphysics portfolio through an easy-to-understand taxonomy of five technology pillars. Our investments in these pillars are applicable across our portfolio and demonstrate how we are building upon our product and technology leadership to further differentiate our solutions. Even more exciting is the interplay amongst these pillars, which is benefiting customers by helping them to solve more complex challenges, while driving our growth through more products, more users and more computations. As you know ANSYS is the leader in advanced numerical simulation methods that accurately predict the multiphysics behavior of engineered products. Our continued investment across our core multiphysics products is reflected in our first technology pillar, which is numerics. Accurately predicting physical phenomena in the real world, is intrinsically complicated. The numerics pillar encompasses the latest advances in science, mathematics and analytics, which help us gain a deeper understanding of the physical world. It is the essence, of what we do at ANSYS with our core products. Over the last several releases, we have further differentiated our products with advanced numerics capabilities. Let me give you just, a few examples. In ANSYS Mechanical, new functionality enables customers to automatically predict structural crack initiation and growth without the need for expert knowledge. In ANSYS HFSS, our leading electromagnetic solution users can now solve increasingly complicated problems by creating simulations 8 times larger than before. And in CFD, our fluids blade row analysis, enables customers to automatically mesh complex blade features while retaining the efficient Hex measures, that turbomachinery engineers demand. In Q1, we signed a new contract with a long-time customer INNIO, which uses advanced numerics capabilities from ANSYS to develop engines that run on a broad range of energy sources including hydrogen and biomethane. INNIO is expanding its usage of ANSYS multiphysics solutions, including structures and fluids, to accelerate time to market and to increase engine efficiency and performance. Our second technology pillar is high-performance computing or HPC, which is enabling customers to solve problems they couldn't solve otherwise, and to do so faster than anyone thought possible. ANSYS has close partnerships with hyperscale computer partners, and has long taken advantage of distributed memory, multiprocessing and multiple cores to accelerate our customers' products to market, and in the process drive more computations. Again, I could cite numerous examples of new HPC technologies, in our solutions. But in the interest of time, here are just a few. In ANSYS Mechanical, technologies such as hybrid parallel, which blends distributor and shared memory parallel programming techniques, enables simulations to scale to tens of thousands of compute cores. A new multi-GPU solver, empowers users to run ANSYS Fluent natively on multiple GPUs. This CFD solution, which we believe is the first general-purpose CFD solver for GPUs is 7 times less expensive in hardware purchase costs and consumes 4 times less power than an equivalent CPU solution. In Q1, we signed a contract with the International Technology Group, Andritz, which offers a broad portfolio of innovative, power plants, equipment, systems, services and digital solutions for a wide range of industries and end markets. As part of this agreement, Andritz is leveraging HPC to more rapidly solve complex structural and fluid simulations, to increase the efficiency of its turbines. As a result, Andritz is reducing the amount of physical testing needed to deliver its products to market. The next area of technology emphasis, is artificial intelligence and machine learning. AI is not restricted to a specific ANSYS product line. Instead, it is architectured across our portfolio to improve ease of use, to accelerate time to solve and to further democratize simulation. Let me start with the use of AI to accelerate the time required to complete the simulation. You might recall, that a single large complex simulation, can run for days across hundreds of cores. We are incorporating AI techniques directly into multiple products, to increase the speed and scale of a single simulation. For example, our real-time radar functionality enhances HFSS, is being used to train machine learning algorithms, for radar systems in cluttered environments with moving targets. Combining synthetic radar responses with machine learning, has resulted in a 1,000x speed up, compared to previous methods and has opened the door to exciting new opportunities, for automotive radar and autonomy. Artificial intelligence can also address the multiple iterative simulations needed to get to an optimal design point. Often customers use ANSYS products to run complex multi-variant optimizations, where they vary design parameters and boundary conditions over multiple simulation runs to reach the best design. Such multiple intrusive runs can be time-consuming due to the number of simulations that need to be performed. To address this issue, our optimization engine ANSYS optiSLang uses AI techniques to reduce the time it takes to intuitively run thousands of simulations for products across the ANSYS portfolio. For example, one customer designing electric motors initially needed seven hours to run an ANSYS-Motor CAD multivariate optimization with 4800 simulations. But with the AI techniques in optiSLang, they solve the same problem in an astonishing 17 minutes. Our fourth technology pillar is cloud and experience. We have made some recent announcements about our cloud marketplace offerings and we are continuing to invest in cloud native capabilities as well as user experience. ANSYS offers two distinct kinds of cloud offerings. The first is Cloud Marketplace and the second is cloud native. And this combination of marketplace and native takes full advantage of past innovations as well as some of our newly announced cloud capabilities. The marketplace offerings deliver flexibility to our customers by taking advantage of familiar ANSYS products, while leveraging the benefit of cloud computing and their own pre-existing relationships with cloud service providers. ANSYS has announced partnerships with key cloud providers AWS and Microsoft Azure. In quick, Q1, a developer of sustainability technologies for buildings and electric vehicles began using ANSYS Max well on the cloud thanks to ANSYS Gateway powered by AWS. Using this cloud-powered solution the customer is optimizing the electromagnetics of its smart motor design via cloud bursting on several independent workstations. Users can spin up a cluster in minutes and add remote users from satellite locations to improve overall agility and speed proof-of-concept. The company's engineers are simultaneously running 125,000 simulations and analyzing design seven times faster, thanks to the solution. On the cloud native space, we are targeting new users and new use cases with a cloud-based platform for the development and deployment of new workflows and applications. While cloud native simulation is still early in the maturity cycle, we are continuing to advance this exciting technology. The final technology pillar empowers customers to optimize product designs to meet physical and behavioral requirements throughout the engineering design life cycle, thanks to digital engineering. Digital engineering relates to a set of connected federated and interoperable technologies that enable the collaborative execution of engineering tasks. Today, the vast majority of time and money spent on R&D goes towards failure mode avoidance. Digital engineering enables a more rigorous R&D process based on model-based engineering, system-level simulation and an agile iterative methodology that results in improved product quality and faster throughput with reduce costs. The latest release of ANSYS Minerva improves engineering productivity with efficient stimulation process and data management, while connecting powerful simulation and optimization solutions to an existing ecosystem of tools and processes. And ANSYs SCADE users can employ model-based systems engineering methods to design and generate reliable embedded software. As you might expect, this pillar is driving more users and more products. In Q1, we signed an agreement with a global automotive OEM that is expanding its use of ANSYS products to include additional electronics and model-based system engineering technologies. By taking advantage of these solutions, the automaker can enforce architecture from existing models, allowing for reuse and traceability of parts. The automaker has reported that the use of ANSYS simulation has decreased product development time by month, which is helping the company to keep pace with increasing customer demands. Our investments across these five technology pillars: Numerics, HBC, AI/ML, Cloud and Experience and digital engineering are critical for our ongoing successes. Even more important is the interplay amongst them, which is fueling ANSYS' growth and widening our product leadership across the board. Our customers across industries are benefiting from many of these advances today, which is helping them to deliver their own innovations to market. Moving to our partner ecosystem. We recently announced a collaboration with Synopsys and Keysight Technologies, in which we developed a radio frequency design reference flow for TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET compact technology. TSMC's technology is critical for advanced autonomous systems including automotive radar, 5G connectivity, security applications and environmental monitors. We also recently announced that ANSYS is expanding our university partnerships to train the next generation of engineers through a funded curriculum program. We are financially supporting educators to help them develop undergraduate engineering curricula at universities around the world. ANSYS is already being taught at more than 3,000 universities across nearly 90 countries and there have been more than 2.75 million downloads of our free student product. In Q1, we published the updated version of our corporate responsibility report. In it, we discussed the progress we have made against our ESG goals. Additionally, ANSYS has developed a focused strategy to support our customers' sustainability objectives with a particular emphasis on clean environment, materials and circularity, energy solutions and manufacturing and operational efficiency. Finally, I'm excited to announce that ANSYS has again been certified as a most loved workplace. This certification recognizes great workplaces based on employee surveys that gauge levels of respect, collaboration, support and a sense of belonging. In summary, Q1 was an outstanding quarter that has set the stage for the rest of 2023. As we have demonstrated by again beating guidance across all key metrics, our end markets remain robust and our business has proven its resilience, despite some economic uncertainties. Customers understand our compelling value proposition, which is driving their top line growth and delivering bottom line savings. Our continued momentum, the strong customer relationships, we have consistently demonstrated and our ongoing investments in technology will propel us through 2023 and beyond. As a result, we are more confident than ever in our ability to achieve future milestones. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Nicole. Nicole?
Nicole Anasenes: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Let me take a few minutes to add some perspective on our first quarter financial performance and provide context for our outlook and assumptions for Q2 and 2023. The first quarter demonstrated the strength of our business, as we delivered robust growth during Q1, and beat our financial guidance across all key metrics. ACV exceeded expectations and beat the high-end of our Q1 guidance in constant currency. Revenue, operating margin and EPS also exceeded the high-end of our guidance. Given the strength of demand for simulation and the momentum we see in our pipeline, we are operationally raising our full year ACV revenue and EPS. Operational improvements in our full year ACV outlook, is above and beyond our Q1 outperformance. I'll provide additional details on our guidance in a few minutes. Now, let me discuss some of our Q1 financial highlights. Beginning with ACV, we delivered $399.4 million in Q1, which grew 16% year-over-year or 19% in constant currency. As Ajei mentioned, our growth was broad-based in the quarter, with growth seen across geographic regions, customer types and industries. Our wide ranging growth is evidence of the essential nature of our market-leading simulation portfolio. ACV from recurring sources grew 12% or 18% in constant currency year-over-year on a trailing 12-month basis and represented 82% of the total. This momentum in recurring ACV growth is driven by the strong annuity created by our ongoing shift to subscription leases. Q1 total revenue was $509.4 million and grew 19% or 22% in constant currency, which as I mentioned exceeded the high-end of our guidance, driven by the favorable mix of license types in the quarter. All geographic regions grew double-digits and contributed to revenue growth with the Americas leading the way. We had strong top line performance in Q1 with ACV and revenue, both growing double-digit in constant currency at 19% and 22% respectively. During the quarter, we delivered growth in excess of our model of double-digit growth including tuck-in M&A. We closed the quarter with a total balance of GAAP deferred revenue and backlog of $1.4 billion, which grew 13% year-over-year. During the quarter, we continued to manage our business with financial discipline. This yielded a solid first quarter gross margin of 91.2% and an operating margin of 39.8%, which was better than our guidance. Operating margin was positively impacted by outperforming on revenue, the favorable mix of license types as well as the timing of investments. The results with first quarter EPS of $1.85, which was also better than our guidance. Similar to operating margin, EPS benefited from strong revenue results and the timing of investments. Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 17.5%, which is the rate that we expect for the remainder of 2023. Our unlevered operating cash flows in the first quarter totaled $269.5 million and grew 26.5% year-over-year, which benefited from strong collections. We ended the quarter with $507.9 million of cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet. In line with our capital allocation priorities, we repurchased approximately 650,000 shares during the quarter for around $196.5 million. We have 1.1 million shares available for repurchase under the current authorized share repurchase program. Now let me turn to the topic of guidance. We delivered an outstanding first quarter coming off an exceptional Q4 2022 and our updated 2023 forecast reflects the continued broad-based customer demand for a market-leading simulation portfolio. Looking to the remainder of the year, the pipeline of business has improved and continues to show momentum, which bolsters our confidence in achieving our 2023 and long-term outlook. However, offsetting our improved full year outlook is further strengthening of the US dollar against certain currencies particularly the Japanese Yen and Korean Yuan, relative to the exchange rates that were embedded in the outlook we provided in February. Notwithstanding the negative impact of exchange rates, our underlying business continues to demonstrate considerable momentum. Let me start with our full year 2023 guidance. We expect our full year ACV outlook to be in the range of $2.265 billion to $2.335 billion, which represents growth of 11.5% to 14.9% or 10.8% to 14.2% in constant currency. We are raising the midpoint of our ACV guidance in constant currency growth by approximately 1-point. That constant currency increase is driven by robust demand and translates to an operational increase of $16 million relative to our short February guidance. Our improved outlook is in excess of the Q1 overperformance we delivered relative to our Q1 guidance. This operational momentum was fully offset by $16 million of foreign exchange headwind. We expect revenue to be in the range of $2.242 billion to $2.322 billion, which is growth of 8.2% to 12% or 7.7% to 11.6% in constant currency. We are raising the midpoint of our revenue guidance in constant currency growth. Relative to our February guidance, our full year revenue increased $15 million from operational performance, which was fully offset by $15 million of foreign exchange headwind. As a result we expect our full year EPS to be in the range of $8.39 to $8.91 which represents an increase of $0.05 at the midpoint. Relative to our February guidance, our full year EPS increased by about $0.18 from better operational performance lower share count and higher interest income estimates, which was partially offset by absorbing $0.13 of foreign exchange headwind. Now, let me turn to our full year unlevered operating cash flow guidance. As a reminder, we now provide guidance for unlevered operating cash flow as it aligns to the long-term cumulative $3 billion cash flow outlook we provided at our 2022 investor update in August. Our 2023 guidance is a range of $699 million to $749 million. Relative to our February guidance, our full year unlevered operating cash flow guidance is adversely impacted by $11 million of foreign exchange headwinds. The underlying operating leverage in our business remains robust. Despite the foreign exchange headwinds that have emerged since our February guidance, our current outlook of 8% to 16% unlevered operating cash flow growth building off 16% growth in 2022 demonstrates cumulative cash flow which exceed the ACV growth. Further details on the reconciliation of GAAP operating cash flow to the comparable non-GAAP unlevered operating cash flow are contained in our prepared remarks document. Now, let me turn to guidance for Q2. For the second quarter, we expect ACV in the range of $474 million to $494 million. Seasonal SKU of our renewal base that is unique to 2023 is driving a relatively more muted Q2 dynamic. However, as I've mentioned in the past quarterly dynamics can be volatile. For the first half of 2023, we expect to deliver strong double-digit growth. Our full year ACV outlook implies growth above our model in the second half of 2023 and is supported by a robust pipeline and a strong base of renewals that underpin that ACV growth. The first half second half dynamics embedded in our guidance are playing out as we expected when we initiated guidance in February. Turning to the P&L. We expect Q2 revenue in the range of $473 million to $498 million. We expect Q2 operating margin in the range of 31.9% to 34.1% and EPS in the range of $1.35 to $1.53. Further details around specific currency rates and other assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for 2023 and Q2 are contained in the prepared remarks document. We have a strong forecast a highly recurring business model with three vectors of growth and a healthy backlog and pipeline all of which contributed to our confidence in our outlook and the underlying momentum of our business. This is reflected in the operationally increased outlook for ACV revenue and EPS. I would like to thank the entire ANSYS team for their outstanding execution in the first quarter, which drove robust financial performance and a strong start to 2023. We once again delivered a strong quarter, which coupled with the improvements in our sales forecast demonstrate the strength and resilience of the ANSYS business. I remain confident in our ability to deliver our 2023 and long-term outlook. Operator, we will now open the phone lines to take questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good morning. Ajei, let me start first with your comments regarding multi-solution sales. And you -- on occasion given the statistic as to the contribution of the number or -- of those transactions? And within that are there any notable mix trends that you're seeing with regard to the contribution of various types of solvers for example is CFD growing in particular industries relative to solver mix or electronics perhaps within certain industries becoming as material as structural or CFD or others. So I think if you could comment on some of those solver mix trends, I think that would be interesting on a per-industry basis. My follow-up question is with regard to your comments on the partner ecosystem. If you could speak more broadly about that, within engineering software ANSYS has an unusual number of such relationships. So it would be very interesting to hear, if you could comment on the materiality individually or collectively of those relationships, or how you think about that ecosystem relative to guidance in terms of your, relationships with companies like Synopsys, Altair et cetera. Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: So Jay to answer there was a lot of -- there were a lot of questions embedded in there, so let me try to do some justice to a couple of them perhaps. So when you think about the large sales so customers who have purchased more than $1 million or so in the quarter, I would say over 90%, have three or more physics and purchased three or more physics from ANSYS. And so that gives you some perspective of the strength of the multiphysics capabilities that we are able to bring to bear. As far as our products are concerned, obviously the strength of our flagship products is legendary. I mean everybody understands that we have a terrific product in the space. But what we've also seen is the interplay between products and the multiphysics nature of the portfolio I think coming through. So that's also been really helpful. And obviously the advances that we've made that I've talked about in electromagnetics, in CFD and structures et cetera across the portfolio in Optics, all of those advances we've made across those five vectors of technology that I talked about are all helpful and important in the way that we engage with our customers and in the value that they see from our products. So I'm feeling very good about our product portfolio. I'm feeling very good about our multiphysics strategy and our ability to service our customers. With respect to our partnership ecosystem maybe it's best to step back and talk a little bit about the philosophy. Look, we believe in an open ecosystem. I think it's very important for us for our customers to recognize that the vendors that they're working with are participating in the open ecosystem which means providing APIs, which means providing for interoperability and things of that nature. And so we are committed to that. We are working obviously with multiple -- other vendors to make sure that customers can benefit from technologies. And obviously no single customer is going to be completely dedicated to a single-vendor. They're going to have technologies from multiple-vendors. We want to make sure that that works for our customers. And so our partnership strategy is driven by that belief in an open ecosystem and the ability to work collaboratively to support customer needs.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: Thanks Jay.
Operator: The next question is from Jason Celino of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: Great. Thank you. Ajei, you mentioned cloud native the strategy is targeting new users and new use cases. Can you just talk about the SAM extension a little bit? Is it about moving down or earlier in the design cycle or down market? Thanks.
Ajei Gopal: Yeah. So as far as moving earlier or sort of the democratization of simulation there are a number of things that we've been doing and I think that's continues to be important in our strategy. Number one is making our technology more accessible easier to use. We have certainly advances with respect to our discovery product portfolio. We continue to try to make the technology more accessible to less experienced engineers. Some of the -- if you -- I talked about some of the advances that we've made on technology on things like numerics and other areas of physics. We're democratizing simulation by really expanding the use case of problems think about problems that we can solve today that couldn't be solved earlier in a reasonable amount of time. The investments that we're making are allowing customers to take advantage of this advanced simulation capability and we see that as a form of democratization and certainly the investments that we're making across the GPUs, as well makes technology easier. There's some really interesting work that we're doing with AI/ML to help democratize simulation. As you know simulation can be difficult to set up and take an example of setting up something like a turbulent flow can be quite complex. And we're using AI/ML techniques, for example, to help democratize that and make that easy for end users to set up fluent simulations. And I could go on and on. With respect to cloud, obviously, accessing simulation on the cloud opens the door to smaller customers who may not necessarily have access to high-speed computing. That's certainly democratizing simulation and our continued investments in APIs I think also makes that easier for customers to build automation or special purpose applications on top of simulation. All of this in the aggregate extends the reach of simulation into areas where it wasn't being used before.
Jason Celino: Okay. Interesting. Thanks. And then just a quick follow-up, really strong Q1 ACV. I know you mentioned for Q2 some renewal dynamics, but I thought I'd just double check. Was anything closed earlier in Q1? Thanks.
Nicole Anasenes: Yeah, Jason, thanks for the question. Yeah, the business is playing out as we expected at the start of the year. Our Q2 renewal dynamic is something that was considered in our full year guidance when we initiated in February. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, there's a structural dynamic -- timing dynamic in our renewal base for Q2 and that happens from time to time. But quarterly dynamics as we've always said can be really volatile and are not representative of momentum in the business. But what has changed since we initiated guidance in Q1 was as you point out we had a great Q1 where we not only grew 19% in constant currency, but we beat the midpoint of our guidance. And in addition to that our constant currency outlook for the quarter has improved. Our view of ACV growth before the impact of foreign exchange, which we talked about in the prepared remarks it's increased based on the development of our pipeline since initiating guidance in February. It's also underwritten by a highly recurring ACV model with over 80% of our ACV is recurring and a very strong base of renewals that we see in the second half. So if we step aside from the volatility quarters can have and you look at the implied ranges in our guidance, our guidance range implies double-digit constant currency growth for the first half and growth above our model of 12% in the second half again underwritten by that very strong renewal base, resulting in a 12.5% constant currency growth outlook at the midpoint, which is almost one point above the midpoint we indicated in February. So we feel really good about where we landed in Q1 after a really strong Q4 and strong 2022. And the guidance that we gave reflects the continued and improved optimism that we have overall in the business, notwithstanding, structural dynamics that sometimes happen in quarters, which introduced volatility. And that's why we are always focused on the full year and how we progress our view of the full year.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks for the comprehensive answer. Thank you.
Nicole Anasenes: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Tusa of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning.
Ajei Gopal: Good morning.
Steve Tusa: Just a follow-up on that question. You mentioned the structural dynamics. Can you maybe just delve into that a little more? That just sounds like it's some timing from that perspective? And then secondly just on the remarks there were a few less seven and eight-figure deals mentioned in the remarks than last quarter in particular. Anything to read into there as far as the size of the deals that you're booking this quarter?
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. So let me start with the first -- your first question. And then will go to the second. So in terms of the renewal base, the timing of customer renewals happen at natural cycles within the quarter. And as we have been moving to the strategic selling motion and bringing individual, kind of, development teams projects, in a customer to more strategic multiyear lease arrangements, sometimes the timing of renewals can shift on a year-to-year basis over time, right, which is the reason why we're very focused on the full year dynamic, because we take deals when they naturally occur because it optimizes the outcome for our customers, and it optimizes the outcome for ANSYS, which ultimately optimizes the outcome for investors. And so, the dynamic around the quarter is just something that happens from time to time. We had very, very strong Q1. The first half, is still strong in double digits. So we're feeling really good about where we're at, and there's nothing about Q2 that wasn't contemplated or seen or known when we started the year. As it relates to fewer 7- and 8-figure deals, I would say, the underlying dynamic around our large deal progression is not unchanged from any other prior Q1s. As you know, Q4 is our seasonally highest quarter, you tend to have a lot more closing in the quarter. And so on a relative basis, there may be more mentions. But the underlying dynamics, around the strength of the pipeline, around the ability to drive strategic relationships, and larger deals with our customers customers' willingness to engage, customers willingness to close. None of those aspects have changed since we spoke in February, about how the shape of the business is progressing. 
Steve Tusa: That makes a ton of sense. And then just one more longer-term follow-up Ajei, I'm probably not the smartest tech guy on this call for sure, but obviously, AI/ML HPC all this stuff just seems to be pretty incredible and moving at a very fast pace. When do you think that inflection can tangibly influence your growth rate? I know you guys, have kind of a 10-year view on this stuff. But I mean, it seems like with the acceleration in these technologies that may be it is, pulling forward that impact to your growth, perhaps from several years from now, to maybe I don't know 18 24 months? I mean, is it that visible of a growth driver, given the progression that's happening and how accelerated it's been? 
Ajei Gopal: Well, Steve, I think one of the important things to recognize is, we've been investing in these technologies for a while. And so one of the reasons why, I wanted to take the time during the call, to go through them is, because there's just -- because of exactly the dynamic you mentioned. There appears -- there is a lot of activity in the marketplace and certainly people are aware of advances in technologies, and it's an area where there's been a lot of discussion. But if you think of areas like numeric, as an example, that's been the bread and butter of ANSYS. That's really understanding the mathematics, and the engineering, and the science around being able to appreciate and predict physical phenomena, and that is applicable of course across our portfolio. The HPC activity is certainly been included within our business, for a while. And if you think about the vectors of growth that we talked about in our Investor Day last year, we talked about more users. We talked about more products, and we talked about more computations. And the more computations vector is being driven by high-performance computing, and the desire for customers to solve larger and larger problems, which are solvable as you start to introduce additional cores, you starting to use GPUs and other architectures. So AI/ML is obviously, an area where we've been investing, as I said, for a while. And we have products in the market today, that are taking advantage of AI ML capabilities. So these are all technologies and I don't want to repeat what I said on the call, but these are all technologies and areas where there continues to be investment in -- within ANSYS, of course, across the industry and we continue to reap the benefit within our products to benefit our customers. 
Steve Tusa: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next question is from Ken Wong of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Ken Wong: Great. Thank you for taking the questions. Nicole, just back on the 2Q ACV, I realize you're maybe beating the dead horse here, but I think kind of the one kind of consistent question, we're getting from investors is, just making sure that this has nothing to do with extended sales cycles or potentially smaller deal size commitments. The structure of those particular KPIs are consistent with, what you're seeing in past quarters? 
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. That's absolutely, the case. I mean this is just about an over -- and you -- I know have been have been with us quite a while. You've seen quarters go up and down based on these renewal dynamics which is again why we focus on the full year. So there's nothing about the underlying dynamics in Q2 that are indicative of anything other than an underlying renewal base that has a SKU within the year that is driving those dynamics.
Ken Wong: Got it. Perfect. Perfect. And then maybe just wanted to check on direct versus SMB. I mean with all the kind of disruption in our banking system right now, I was always a little concerned that maybe SMBs will have a harder time getting financing. Any changes in terms of what you're seeing on the lower end of the market? 
Nicole Anasenes: No. I mean the underlying dynamics across all of our different customer segments have been performing pretty consistently as we've seen in prior Q1s. We had a lot of strength of course in the enterprise segment with the larger deals that we did this year and really strong in the Americas. But I would say we had strong growth across all three customer segments consistent with what we've had in the past.
Ken Wong: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Adam Borg of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mike Richards: Hey, good morning. This is Mike Richards on for Adam Borg. Thanks for taking the question. I was just wondering if you could talk about linearity in the quarter and how that's shaping up so far in the second quarter. Thanks.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean I would say overall revenue linearity was somewhat – was pretty similar to what it was last year. It was slightly more skewed to the third month but it was pretty much in line overall.
Mike Richards: Great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: Hi, everyone. Ajei just going back to your earlier discussion on democratizing simulation. I think to this point a lot of people think of Discovery when you say that and moving ANSYS into design and early stage development. Do the AI capabilities you've embedded with the high-end solvers begin to remove any sorts of bands or ceilings you maybe once associated with just the addressable users of an upper end products? 
Ajei Gopal: So when you think about the AI capabilities that we've got, we're using AI in multiple areas. And one area that I mentioned of course is making it easier for people to use products. And I gave you example of Fluent earlier in what – in response to one of the questions. That's a great example of making the technology, making our flagships easier to use. Discovery is also making the technologies easier to use in a more in a more broad-based manner. The use of AI/ML is very targeted within the portfolio. But another direction that we're going and we talked about this in our investor meeting or Investor Day last year was our ability to start to support applications. And so one of the ways in which we can democratize simulation is not – is allowing users to take advantage of applications, purpose-built applications for their needs that are built – that take advantage of simulation. And to that end we've created a set of APIs based on Python which allow people to build applications workflows things of that nature that further democratize simulation. So we're taking multiple routes to be able to make that happen. And in each of the directions we're addressing a different opportunity to be able to broaden the use case of a simulation.
Joe Vruwink: And then maybe just as a follow-up and related to your last comment when you have customers, end users creating purpose-built applications, this really gets into I would imagine more domain expertise aligned within high tech, within Aerospace and Defense, within Auto. Do you think this is kind of the conduit for of course, bigger deals more strategic deals that's already been happening but does this kind of unlock a second wave of that phenomenon? 
Ajei Gopal: Well certainly, the fact that we have the ability for people to write these automations or extensions taking advantage of the power of our portfolio using Python, where they can use other routines open source other things that are outside of simulation to bring that into a sort of an overall workflow. That is something that has helped us – that's helping us today. I mean there are examples of customers who have increased their use of ANSYS technologies because they've been able to build a very integrated workflow on top of this technology that allows more users to take advantage of what was previously restricted to a relatively small number of users. So that phenomenon that you're saying of driving incremental opportunity within our portfolio is absolutely the case. Furthermore, we would imagine outside of our outside of -- even outside of the engineering use case you could imagine long-term and this is a long-term statement, you can imagine other applications targeting others who are looking for the insights of physics-based simulation to be delivered to them. And we've talked about -- and certainly last year we talked about a healthcare example where someone delivering medical care or surgeon delivering medical care uses an application, which is built for that surgeon. It has nothing to do -- as far as their concern nothing to do with physics per se. They're all about delivering the care that they need to deliver. But underneath simulation is being done to influence the directions that they go. So those are examples of next-generation applications, which we believe will happen in the long-term but that's not a short-term impact. And so as we build out our capabilities we believe that we're enabling both the short-term opportunity as well as the long-term opportunity, which we've been calling the notion of being able to get pervasive insight. 
Joe Vruwink: Thank you very much. 
Operator: The next question is from Blair Abernethy of Rosenblatt Securities. Please go ahead. 
Blair Abernethy: Thank you. Ajei just wondering if you could drill in a little bit for us on the aerospace and defense vertical $74 million deal there. That's great. And I just wanted to see -- what are you seeing in the defense side in particular given what's been happening in the last 12 months? And any shift in buying patterns in that market? 
Ajei Gopal: Well, I mean, obviously A&D continues to be one of our top industries. And our aerospace customers are facing complex challenges things like engine width design lightweighting those continue to be areas of investment for our customers, but also a lot of work on Space 2.0 and the ability to be able to launch payloads into space. That's another area where there continues to be a lot of interest. Obviously, commercial air is recovering post pandemic there continues to be more interest. And then of course from a defense perspective there's obviously a global perspective. You're seeing this certainly in the United States. You're seeing this as you see increased spending in Germany, for example. So all of that represents long-term tailwinds into the aerospace and defense industries. And we certainly are very well-positioned given the nature of our technologies to be able to take advantage of that. 
Blair Abernethy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Josh Tilton of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. 
Josh Tilton: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my first one. My first one is an easy one. What was the contribution of DYNAmore to ACV in the quarter? 
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So we had spoken about DYNAmore for the full year as being about €30 million to €35 million with about half of it being in Q1 in our February call. And you can -- the underlying assumption you can make is that we're pretty in line with what we expected in February. 
Josh Tilton: Perfect. Thank you. And then, I guess, my follow-up is. I totally understand that the first half, second half dynamics are kind of playing out as you expected when you first gave guidance in the beginning of the year. But I guess, my question is the world has kind of changed since then? And is there anything you can give us maybe from your conversations with customers that's just increasing your confidence that some of these second half renewals won't get pushed out if the macro continues to deteriorate? 
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean -- so here's the pragmatic answer to that is, if customers don't renew they lose access to the software and they can't build their products. And so the renewal base is very, very sticky because it affects their R&D cycles. And so -- and just to kind of take it a step back and to contextualize kind of, where we sit in the corporate decision-making process and what has happened in other kind of economic events. Simulation tends to be the last thing that gets shutoff and the first thing that gets turned back on. And that's because it is connected to people's R&D. And R&D tends to be -- the investments in R&D tend to be longer -- long-term views as opposed to short-term tactics. So that's one. The second is, even within the R&D process the areas that are most susceptible would be areas that are connected to seat counts and people and that's not how the economics of our software work. So our software is -- the way customers use our software is based on the capacity of compute that they need and the software that they need to run their simulations within their R&D cycle. And so, if there are underlying changes in the footprint of the R&D part of the business, it doesn't really affect our part of the software stack in the R&D cycle. And the last part is, simulation actually can provide tailwinds for -- and support the underlying cost efficiencies of our customers in their R&D cycle. Using simulation reduces the need for physical prototyping. It shortens the innovation cycle. You can have a single analyst run multiple simulations at the same time. And so, the throughput that you get and the efficiency that you get from using simulation to build products, has a very high ROI. And in times where you're looking to transform simulation is valuable, not just in accelerating time to value to accelerate the top line, but also to support running R&D in a more efficient manner. And so, those are the underlying qualitative dynamics, but the real answer on the renewal base is that, it's very, very sticky and a small short-term disruption in economic outlook has historically not had an impact on our overall business.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. And just to amplify what Nicole said and to add a little bit more color as well. We're not tied to the number of units produced, right? So, if you cut back on production for whatever reason, your R&D efforts still continue, because you're building for the long term. And if you look at all of the industries that we serve, there are major transformations that are taking place in each of the industries and the long-term competitiveness of organizations is at stake. So if you're in the automotive industry, for example, electrification is front and center, autonomy is front and center. And stepping back from any of these activities will result in a long-term degradation of their business and no one wants to go to it. And so, what we're seeing and what we saw in the past, we saw this when we had this -- when Lehman went out of business back in the day, we saw that R&D was the last that was cut and we saw that it was the first thing that was restored. And the lesson that was learned after that and there were reports and the there were -- there was a lot of post-mortem done after that. But the lessons that we've learned is that the organizations that continue to invest in R&D were the ones that came out of that downturn and were successful afterwards. And so you see when we talk to customers, our value proposition is not just about accelerating R&D as I described. But our value proposition as Nicole said is also about being able to help cost. And we have well estab chapter inverse we can talk about how we can reduce warranty costs, how we can make engineers more efficient. We can talk about how we can reduce the amount of raw materials that have been used for experimentation purposes. They move away from physical prototyping. So that is a very hard ROI that we can make and we can make that case. Now I've spent -- I've talked to our sales leaders around the world. I've talked to customers around the world. And I'm only getting -- I'm getting strong support for our -- for the guidance that we've given you. We're seeing the markets -- the customers are committed. We're seeing that the nature of the technology that we provide is critical and we see our negotiations and discussions with customers kind of going as we expect. We call it as we see it. We're not trying to come up with sort of speculation of what the markets might look like. We just call it as we see it. We can give you a perspective on where our customers are how they're buying and all of that is reflected within -- all that is reflected within our within the way that we're guiding. So we feel great about the guidance we've given you. We feel great about the second half of the year. We feel great about Q2. And as Nicole has said several times on this call, there is an underlying dynamic of our -- the renewals of our business. And for those of you who have been following our company for multiple years that underlying dynamic is exactly something that we've seen year after year after year. And we've always had quarters which are stronger in quarters which are relatively weaker in that context of the overall full year and so we manage to the full year. And that's important for us and we feel really good about where we are right now. 
Josh Tilton: Super helpful. Really appreciate the thoughts and response.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: I'm excited about our outstanding start to 2023. I would like to thank the one ANSYS team around the world for our ongoing success. Our superior technology, our broad-based business momentum and our strong customer relationships give us even greater confidence in our ability to execute against long-term goals. Thank you for joining us this morning. I hope you all have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the ANSYS Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Alex Deruta, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead.
Alex Deruta: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release the related prepared remarks document and the link to our 2022 Form 10-K have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website. They contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our fourth quarter and full year financial results and business update as well as our Q1 and fiscal year 2023 outlook and the key underlying quantitative and qualitative assumptions.  Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Important factors that may affect our future results are discussed in our public filings. Forward-looking statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information. During this call, we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and the reconciliations of GAAP to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release materials. I would now like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, Alex. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Q4 was another excellent quarter for ANSYS and the largest quarter in our history. We beat our financial guidance for the quarter across all key metrics, including ACV, revenue, operating margin and earnings per share. Q4 was the culmination of a strong year for ANSYS. Our industry-leading product portfolio, loyal customer base, strong execution and growing markets enabled us to beat and operationally raise our guidance each quarter of 2022.  This, of course, was despite the continued economic uncertainties brought on by trade sanctions and the war in Ukraine. We grew ACV at 14% in constant currency for the full year. And in the process, we achieved our goal of $2 billion of ACV in 2022. Thanks to this excellent performance, we realized our long-term financial goal set at our Investor Day in 2019. I want to congratulate the entire one ANSYS team, including our dedicated channel partners for the significant accomplishment. In a few minutes, Nicole will discuss our guidance for Q1 and the entire year. This guidance reflects the power of our world-class products, the ongoing demand from our customers and the strength of our business.  I am excited that our results from 2022 and as well as our guidance for 2023 keep us on track to achieving the long-term goals we set out in our investor update in August of 2022. Looking back at 2022, we saw broad-based growth across all major industries, geographies and go-to-market routes. Our direct and indirect channels grew at double digits. Similarly, each of our go-to-market customer segments, enterprise strategic and volume accounts also grew by double digits in constant currency. The Hi-tech and semiconductor, aerospace and defense and automotive and ground transportation sectors were again our top contributors.  From a geographical perspective, we saw strong performances with each region growing ACV better than we expected. And I'm excited to announce that one of our regions, the Americas, recorded over $1 billion in ACV for the first time in our history. I'm also pleased with the performance of our product lines from a more established flagship solutions to our newest offerings. Our top 2 customer agreements for Q4 ACV or in the global high-tech and semiconductor vertical and totaled more than $125 million. Through these contracts, 1 for 3 years and 1 for 4 years, the customers are expanding their use of ANSYS technology into new business segments, which is driving more users, more products and more computations.  These customers have realized a number of benefits by using ANSYS solutions. These include identifying silicon issues during the tape-out sign-off phase, which has saved millions of dollars in respin as well as reducing multilayer PCB preprocessing time from a month to just hours. In Q4, we also signed a contract with NuScale Power, an energy company that is developing modular light water reactors to supply reliable and abundant carbon-free nuclear energy. Instead of relying on cost save physical prototypes, NuScale leverages ANSYS technology to simulate designs for containment, thermal hydraulics and the structural integrity of reactors.  ANSYS solutions play a key role in an extensive product development process that must navigate a strict nuclear approval process in which delays can cost up to $3 million per day. As you heard with this new scale example, structural analysis plays a key role in customer sustainability initiatives. Continuing with the theme of sustainability through our structured solutions I would like to highlight a few examples of how these structures products working in conjunction with the rest of the ANSYS portfolio address this important topic.  ANSYS, of course, was founded as a structured company. Over the last 50 years, we have continually invested to enhance our structure's offerings. The applications for structural simulation have evolved as even the simplest products have become more complicated and today's structure is critical for customers to meet their sustainability goals. Two additional Q4 sales agreements totaling nearly $60 million are driving sustainability in the energy sector. They are both anchored in structural simulation combined with other physics.  The first is with an energy company that is using ANSYS simulation to make its traditional gas and steam industrial turbines more efficient as well as developing blades and the cells for its wind turbines. The second agreement is to assist with the digital transformation of another energy industry leader. This organization is expanding its use of our solutions to include a variety of applications, including structural design, thermal stress, and electric motor design for its robotic arms. By using ANSYS technology, the company has helped to decrease its development costs by 20%. While materials is a newer ANSYS product offering, it works hand-in-hand with structures, particularly when it comes to meeting customers' sustainability goals.  That's because as customers seek to develop more sustainable products, they often consider nontraditional materials, which includes new steels, composites and short fiber reinforced plastics. Structural simulation on these new materials can assess performance to ensure safety and durability while also reducing weight and waste through topology optimization. ANSYS customer nature architects, one of over 1,700 members of our start-up program, is using ANSYS simulation to help its customers further their sustainability programs.  As companies look for more environmentally friendly materials for their products, many are turning to artificially designed metal materials to incorporate functions such as heat conduction, deformation and weight reduction. Using ANSYS for structural analysis and fluid structure interaction Nature's architectures implemented a scripting language that automates simulation tasks and streamlines workflows, which enables the team to visualize and explore new structures.  Our recent release of ANSYS 2023 are one is also helping customers with their sustainability initiatives. For example, ANSYS Granta Selector's enhanced Ecodata and Eco audit functionality helps engineers explore and rapidly iterate amongst design scenarios and material options. The tool empowers users to make sustainable materials straight off early in the product development process before high-fidelity structural analyses are performed and costs are locked in.  ANSYS solutions are not only helping customers to develop more sustainable products, but we are enabling them to do so in a more resource-friendly manner. One such capability is in our one is resource prediction which leverages artificial intelligence and machine learning to predict how much time and memory will be required. Resource prediction will help guide users to achieve their business objectives for example, reducing salt time or decreasing energy consumption.  Another innovation in R1 is aimed at helping customers increase the safety of electric vehicles. As you know, EV fires caused by battery abuse or impacts can be catastrophic. This advanced capability anchored in our structures portfolio brings together multiple ANSYS physics to analyze this complex problem. Specifically, our new safety workflow in ANSYS LS Dyna simultaneously simulates the comprehensive structural electrochemical and thermal responses of batteries that are damaged in an accident or through some other event.  We are not aware of any other commercial solution with this critical functionality to help make electric vehicles safer. In addition to our organic development, we are furthering our structures product leadership through M&A, namely with our recent acquisitions of and Rocky. Dynamor was a longtime ANSYS partner and leader in developing and selling explicit simulation solutions with an emphasis in the automotive industry. develops dummy and human body models in addition to providing development expertise for [indiscernible].  This critical capability provides customers with complete software solutions for crash simulation, occupant safety and production processes. Our acquisition of Rocky solves a sophisticated customer challenge. Nearly 70% of industrial products experienced bulk granular material flows, where different sized particles with complex shapes interact, potentially impacting our product efficiency or structural integrity. Solving this difficult problem requires deep knowledge of both structural mechanics and fluid dynamics.  With the solution from longtime partner, fully integrated into the ANSYS portfolio, users can solve these complex design problems. As a result, our customers will be able to reduce waste improve product quality and predict the performance and durability of equipment. Thanks in part to our sustainability initiatives, Newsweek has named ANSYS to its list of America's most responsible companies for 2023. ANSYS was included in the annual ranking of the 500 most responsible companies based on environmental, social and corporate governance initiatives.  Our inclusion on this list demonstrates our commitment to making customers improve efficiency and reduce waste by minimizing the need for physical prototyping. Turning to partners. I'm excited that Autodesk Fusion 360 Signal Integrity extension powered by ANSYS was commercially released in November by embedding ANSYS' electromagnetic simulation capabilities within Autodesk Fusion 360 printed circuit board designers can access near real-time insights earlier in the design process for smart consumer products.  I'm also pleased that our electromagnetic and semiconductor solutions including ANSYS Redhawk-SC, ANSYS RaptorH and ANSYS HFSS have received GLOBALFOUNDRY certification for its flagship 22FDX platform. That certification enables trip designers to lower costs by reducing excess safety margins and improving system performance without compromising reliability or risking unexpected and damaging interactions amongst design elements. In summary, Q4 was an excellent quarter that kept a fantastic year for ANSYS.  We beat guidance across all key metrics and delivered the best year in company history. And of course, we exceeded our long-term goal of $2 billion in ACV. I am confident in our ability to achieve the goals we set during our most recent investor update in August. Despite some economic uncertainties, our end markets remain robust, and our business has proven its resilience over the years. Over the past few weeks, I've had the opportunity to speak with members of our direct sales team as well as several of our global channel partners.  Reporting strength in the market from the largest enterprises through SMB accounts. Given the importance of research and development, and innovation. The demand for ANSYS simulation continues to be strong because customers understand our compelling value proposition. And that is continuing to drive more users, more products and more computations throughout our customer base. Our momentum coming out of Q4, our strong customer relationships, our robust end markets and our leading product portfolio will propel us through 2023 and beyond.  As a result, we are more confident than ever in our ability to achieve future milestones. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Nicole. Nicole?
Nicole Anasenes: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Let me begin by saying that 2022 was another outstanding year for ANSYS, and we're optimistic about our 2023 and our long-term outlook given the momentum in our business. For both the fourth quarter and full year 2022, we beat our financial guidance across all key metrics.  This is particularly noteworthy given that we operationally raised our full year guidance across ACV revenue, EPS and operating cash flow for all 3 quarters throughout the course of the year. Additionally, in 2022, we reached new company records across key financial metrics, including ACV, revenue, EPS and operating cash flow. As Ajei mentioned, our growth was broad-based in the quarter and full year 2022 with growth seen across geographic regions, customer types and industries.  As a result of our broad-based performance, we achieved $2.032 billion in ACV in 2022, which surpasses the $2 billion commitment we made at our 2019 Investor Day. For additional context, when translated at 2019 foreign exchange rates, full year 2022 ACV would equal approximately $2.113 billion, further demonstrating the magnitude and quality of our outperformance, which we delivered amidst a global pandemic and a challenging and volatile macro economic environment on. All accounts, 2022 was an outstanding year and we are entering 2023 with momentum and a strong backlog.  Now let me take a few minutes to add some additional perspective on our fourth quarter and full year financial performance and then I'll provide our outlook and key assumptions for 2023 and Q1. Beginning with ACV. We delivered $818 million in Q4 and which grew year-over-year, 8% or 13% in constant currency. For the full year, we recognized $2.32 billion in ACV, growing 9% or 14% in constant currency.  For the quarter and full year, performance was broad-based across customer types, geographies and industries. Our wide rate in growth is evidence of the essential nature of our market leading simulation portfolio and exceptional execution. For additional context, our full year ACV growth of 14% in constant currency came in 4 points higher relative to where we initially set guidance last February. Throughout the course of the year, we absorbed $82 million of nonoperational headwinds and including unprecedented U.S. dollar strengthening and the exit from business in Russia and Belarus, which was more than offset by $94 million of incremental operational momentum. ACV from recurring sources in 2022 grew 9% or 15% in constant currency year-over-year and represented 81% of the total. This momentum in recurring ACV growth is driven by the strong annuity created by our ongoing shift towards subscription leases. For the full year 2022, ACV performance continues to be fueled by the strong growth in subscription leases which grew 18% or 24% in constant currency. Subscription lease ACV crossed over $1 billion to $1.2 billion or 57% of total ACV for the full year.  We continue to expect the growth of our subscription leases to be the underlying driver of the strong annuity that has been building over time and will continue to be a foundation for future growth. Q4 total revenue was $694.7 million and grew 5% or 10% in constant currency, which exceeded the high end of our guidance and was positively impacted by outperforming on ACV. Full year revenue was $2.073 billion and grew 7% or 13% in constant currency. We had strong top line performance in 2022 with ACV and revenue, both growing double digit in constant currency at 14% and 13%, respectively.  In both Q4 and the full year, we executed against our business model of double-digit. We closed the quarter with a total balance of GAAP deferred revenue and backlog of over $1.4 billion, which grew 13% year-over-year. During the quarter, we continued to deliver a business model with strong operating leverage. This yielded a solid fourth quarter gross margin of 94% and an operating margin of 48% which was better than our guidance. We had full year gross margin of 91.8% and operating margin of 42%.  Operating margin was positively impacted by outperforming on revenue. The result was fourth quarter EPS of $3.09, which was also better than our guidance. For the full year, EPS was $7.99. Similar to operating margin, EPS benefited from strong revenue results. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter and full year was 18%. Our operating cash flows in the fourth quarter totaled $174 million which benefited from outperforming on ACV and strong collections.  Our unlevered operating cash flow was $181.1 million. For the full year, we had operating cash flow of $631 million, which grew 15%, meaningfully outpacing ACV growth despite significant foreign exchange and nonoperational headwinds. For modeling purposes, 2022 operating cash flow translates to unlevered operating cash flow of $648.1 million. For additional context, we absorbed $39 million of nonoperational headwinds since initiating 2022 operating cash flow guidance last February.  These headwinds, including the exit from this in Russia and Belarus and the adverse impact of foreign exchange were on top of the headwinds from R&E capitalization tax legislation and other law changes already factored into our February 2022 guidance. The $39 million of nonoperational headwinds was offset by $70 million of incremental operational performance throughout the year. The result was operating cash flow that was $31 million better than the midpoint of our February guidance.  This outperformance was driven by several factors, including outperforming on the ACV and margin expansion and the timing of collections. We ended the quarter with $614.6 million of cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet. In line with our capital allocation priorities, we repurchased approximately 225,000 shares during the quarter for around $50 million. For the full year, we repurchased approximately 725,000 shares for around $206 million which was 174% of the average capital return to shareholders in the form of share repurchase over the past 3 years.  We have 1.7 million shares available for repurchase under the current authorized share repurchase program. Now let me turn to the topic of guidance. The underlying momentum in our business and demand for our best-in-class portfolio continues to be strong. We delivered an outstanding Q4 and full year 2022 and we are entering 2023 with momentum and a robust pipeline and backlog, which gives us continued confidence in achieving the long-term outlook that we laid out at our 2022 investor update of 12% constant currency ACV compounded annual growth, inclusive of 1 to 2 points of tuck-in M&A and $3 billion of cumulative unlevered operating cash flow from 2022 to 2025.  Let me start with our full year 2023 guidance. We expect our full year ACV outlook to be in the range of $2.265 billion to $2.335 billion, which represents growth of 11.5% to 14.9% or 9.9% to 13.4% in constant currency. We have a balanced and diversified business, which is driving the broad-based performance and double-digit ACV growth that we expect to see in 2023. Notably, the midpoint of our guidance is on our model of 12% constant currency compounded annual growth that we set at our investor update in August.  We expect revenue to be in the range of $2.242 billion to $2.322 billion, which is growth of 8.2% to 12% and or 6.9% to 10.8% in constant currency. Let me touch on some of the assumptions embedded in our full year guidance. We continue to expect broad-based growth and continued momentum from our large enterprise customers and SMB customers. We also continue to assume that our subscription leases grow faster than perpetual licenses and as a result, ACV is expected to grow faster than revenue as the business model shift towards subscription lease continues. Our full year guidance is based on how we see our book of business and pipeline today.  This brings me to our operating margin guidance. We expect our full year operating margin to be in the range of 41% to 42%. As a result, we expect our full year EPS to be in the range of $8.34 and to $8.86. We expect our full year effective tax rate to be 17.5% and which is 0.5 point lower than the 18% rate we had in 2022. Now let me turn to our full year unlevered operating cash flow guidance.  We are providing guidance for unlevered operating cash flow as it aligns to the long-term $3 billion cumulative cash flow outlook we provided at our 2022 investor update in August. Our 2023 unlevered operating cash flow guidance is a range of $710 million to $760 million. We expect to see another year of significant growth in cash flow levels year-over-year. The implied unlevered operating cash flow growth of 10% to 17% for 2023 on top of the 16% unlevered operating cash flow growth we saw in 2022 exhibits the continued strong operating leverage in our business model.  Further details on the reconciliation of GAAP operating cash flow and the comparable non-GAAP unlevered operating cash flow are contained in our prepared remarks document. Now let me turn to the guidance for Q1. For the first quarter, we expect ACV in the range of $380 million to $400 million and revenue in the range of $482.5 million to $507.5 million. We expect Q1 operating margin in the range of 35.3% to 37.3% and EPS in the range of $1.53 to $1.71. Further details around specific currency rates and other assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for 2023 and Q1 are contained in the prepared remarks document.  I would like to thank the ANSYS team for a fantastic quarter rounding out another exceptionally strong year. Our performance is evidence of the critical nature of our market-leading simulation portfolio as well as the team's operational discipline and focus on customer excellence. Our consistent performance and execution enabled us to deliver above and beyond our 2019 Investor Day and 2022 annual commitments despite a continued challenging and volatile macro environment.  Our core simulation market is strong and growing, and we are excited about the immense opportunity that lies ahead as we continue to help our customers solve their most complex product development challenges. We are entering 2023 with considerable momentum, a resilient and diversified business model with 3 vectors of growth and a healthy backlog and pipeline. All of which fuels the optimism embedded in our full year and long-term outlook.  Operator, we will now open the phone lines to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question is from Ken Wong of Oppenheimer.
Ken Wong: Fantastic and fantastic quarter from you guys. Ajei, I wanted to just maybe touch on some of the strength I noticed one segment that really stood out to me was the aerospace and defense from a rev mix perspective, it jumped up. You talked up 7-, 8-figure deals can you maybe highlight some of the underlying drivers there? And as we look out to '23 and beyond, is there still decent runway for those particular growth tailwinds in that particular vertical?
Ajei Gopal: Sure. Ken. So let me briefly talk about aerospace. Our aerospace customers are facing relatively complex challenges, and it's pretty broad-based. And so when you think about some of our business -- we have customers who are focusing on aircraft engines. And obviously, there are a number of trends in that space, whether it comes to lightweighting and energy efficiency, in some cases, electric engines, different fuel sources, so there's a number of different levels of innovation taking place at various points in the AMB aerospace industry. Obviously, in the Space 2.0 world, there are -- there continues to be a lot of innovation and both in larger companies as well as smaller companies.  And then, of course, you've seen some of the work that we've done with significant projects like the web telescope and the dark mission where our project where our technologies were used in the development of those projects. So there's a lot of different activity across the space in this entire aerospace and defense world for us. And I believe that the demand for our offerings continues to be robust, and we see a pipeline in that space as well.
Ken Wong: Great. And then a follow-up for you, Nicole. Just wanted to touch on the unlevered operating cash flow guide. I mean, look, it's a fantastic number of building off of a really strong '22. I guess as we think about the long-term targets I think there was sort of an underlying assumption that there would be expansion. I guess my calculation suggests it's kind of closer to, I think, it looks like 32% off of a 32% number. Is it just you guys see a little more room for growth this year and we should still assume long term that, that number does continue to expand. Just some puts and takes there would be fantastic.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. Well, thanks, Ken. And yes, we were really, really pleased with the exceptional close of our cash flow performance at the end of the year, as you point out, it grew quite substantially delevered operating cash flow in 2022 in our outlook range of 10% to 17% unlevered operating cash flow indicates continued momentum in the business overall.  As you know, I mean, we gave long-term guidance in August. We're not prepared to update the long-term guidance. But when you look at the combined -- the 2-year growth rate of 2022 and 2023 from the ECB perspective, and the comparative unlevered operating cash flow growth rate over that period, you could see the substantial operating leverage and margin expansion associated with that it's a little early for us to update long-term guidance we just gave it 6 months ago. But what I can say is -- and there's a lot of exogenous factors that impacted unlevered operating cash flow number as you know, foreign exchange had a pretty meaningful impact to that last year.  As an example, we're still not quite out of the woods as it relates to that so not really prepared to give anything longer term than 2023 today, but we feel really good about the underlying strength of the operational momentum of the business. We have a very disciplined investment model around putting investment in, that drives incremental growth. And those are things that we -- that we expect to be able to continue to build on over the next couple of years.
Operator: The next question is from Joe Vruwink of Baird.
Joseph Vruwink: Great. ACV in an organic basis seems to be growing, I think, several hundred basis points above the framework that was provided last year. I guess my question is, within that 2022 to '25 time line, were the years 2022 and 2023 always intended to be this way, just given, I don't know, pricing or renewals or the shift to leases? And if that's not the case, maybe you can just walk through some of the upside drivers the last year and then in terms of your outlook for this year?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, sure. So maybe just kind of level set on what the makeup of 2022 was in 2023, we can talk about the long term. So as we previously mentioned, the inorganic contribution from ZMAX last year, we had said it was about $20 million. And that, as you point out, contributed around a point of growth to the overall performance last year. As we look into 2023, we completed 2 acquisitions at the end of the quarter after our earnings announcement. were the most notable were 2 that completed at that time. Just some context of those is a product we were the primary reseller for already.  And it's also a pretty small product line so it doesn't have a very material run rate to the business. And although we already had a relationship with we expect the inorganic contribution from that transaction to be around EUR 30 million to EUR 35 million of ACV in revenue. So with just under half of that in Q1. So there's a pretty different SKUs to that business relative to ours. So that would put us around the 10% constant currency growth in ACV when you exclude Dyna more our full year outlook which is on our business model of double-digit growth, including ACV.  As it relates to the long-term view of ACV and how we see it, I mean, we there isn't a perspective in particular around what happened in 2022 and how that would change the outlook in the future are out, we still remain confident in the 12% compounded annual growth rate through the course of that time. And certainly, as trends in the business change and the underlying -- anything that foundationally would shift that growth objective, we would certainly update our long-term guidance at that time.  But right now, we're really pleased with what we delivered in 2022 and we're building -- we have a really strong outlook for 2023 on top of a really strong performance in 2022, and we're really pleased to continue to be on that model that we set out in.
Joseph Vruwink: Okay. Great. was a bit bigger now. I was thinking. So that's all helpful. And then there was an interesting comment on just performance across your different customer segments. I guess, I'll ask, are there any, I guess, noticeable changes in spending patterns when you think inside your top 100 and outside? And I guess, at the heart of this question, is the strong pace of the outlook for 1Q. Typically, I think about that being outside the big year-end enterprise activity. And so is this indicating maybe strength that is more broad across the customer base at the start of the year?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean as we said in our prepared remarks, and I think we've said that throughout last year, the underlying drivers of growth in 2022 was very broad-based across customer geographies industries and the outlook considers very similar broad-based. There's no individual customer concentration. There is one element to Q1 guidance, and I had think I briefly mentioned this in the first part of my answer to you on M&A -- on the M&A impact. does have a slightly different SKUs to their business. There's just under half of the business that actually happens -- and so a little bit more than half -- a little bit less than -- or bit less than half of the business in Q1. So there is a little bit of a dynamic around Dynamar that is earlier on in the year relative to the future periods in the year that we have a slightly different pattern than maybe some of the more kind of smaller impacts on a quarterly basis that you see of some of the other M&A that we've done in the past.
Operator: The next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Let me ask your question that we've been posing to your CEO peers at the other companies in the group. And that is in the context of what you've defined as a dozen elements of your long-term technology strategy when you think about 2023 spending priorities and beyond, what are -- in terms of your R&D, the most incremental or newest priorities over and above your base investments in solvers and not the solvers.  What would you say are some of your most important or newer executables as far as R&D are concerned, and then second question, at the Analyst Meeting 6 months ago, you spoke of a variety of growth vectors, among which you described the traditional use cases and new use cases when you think about '23 guidance, is there any way you could relate the way you thought about those growth vectors to '23 guidance in terms of the traditional use cases and new or which you also referred to as connected and integrated workflows. Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: So Jay, so firstly, when you think about our technical priorities will be areas that we're making investments in our business, I would say that probably 5 broad areas where we're making technological investments. The first I would broadly categorize as numerics and that includes physics models and methods for both the physics and multiphysics. That's just the core physics part of what we do. The second area is in AI machine learning where we're making significant investments across the portfolio.  Our customers today are seeing the benefits of ANSYS products that have been enhanced through AI. We've, of course, filed patents to cover some of our work in the space, and we continue to make significant investments in AI and getting our customers to be able to take advantage of this great technology in the context of our offerings. The third area is high-performance computing. That obviously includes -- that obviously includes both HBC as well as CPUs, GPUs and so for example, if you look at R1, we just announced some really exciting work on [indiscernible] for example, our optical solver where we can show that a single GPU is something like 8x faster than the 32 core CPU machine.  And then, of course, we're very excited about a fluent multi-GPU solver which allows fluid simulations to run natively on multiple GPUs, and that is a game changer in terms of performance, and we can show tremendous orders of magnitude scale up and in terms of both performance as well as, of course, cost savings when it comes to things like energy usage and others. So we are very excited about the work that we've done in the GPU space, and we continue to make investments over there.  Cloud and experience is the fourth area. That includes the work that we're doing in cloud. You may have seen some recent announcements where we're -- we've announced some of our cloud technology in the context of our cloud marketplace offerings, and we continue to invest in cloud native capabilities as well as user experience. And the last area is in digital engineering, and that includes things like digital twins, mission, system simulation and there, we continue to make advances.  And you saw, obviously, some of the capabilities of our product lines on the space. Unintended when you -- when we talked about James Webb as well as the dark mission, but certainly, we have ongoing investments in that space as well, and that includes things like NBFC. So broadly, there are 5 areas: numerics, AI, ML, high-performance computing, cloud and experience and digital engineering and these are the areas that are driving our next-generation activities.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. And Jay, to answer your question on kind of connection to customer demand, I think the way that you could think about it, if you look at these if you kind of refer to the trends that Ajei just referred to as well as the underlying kind of performance in our industry mix. I mean much of what's driving that demand are the complex multi-business use cases and the trends that are driving investment in those areas, right? So we talked about double-digit growth -- double-digit growth in automotive in Q4 as an example, and the things that are driving those trends are really around the next generation of vehicles and technology that are connected to things like electrification, sustainability, those types of things.  As you know, those are not a single component level. Single [indiscernible] problem, which are falling to that traditional use case, they are complex multiphysics forms that involve both component level all the way to the system and systems of system level particularly in cases like space 2.0 alerting. And so what we are seeing is more and more of that strategic selling motion becoming the main focus of -- or the main motion of how we engage our customers and be solving those higher order complex problems, which makes us a very important partner regardless of what kind of economic times, people may be having -- we help sell those very difficult problems known can help sell.
Operator: Next question is from Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Just a question on the kind of the cadence of the guide. I think you mentioned the acquisition influence on the 1Q. It seems like the 1Q is pretty strong from a margin and revenue growth perspective. And then Matt, if you just kind of back out the next 3 quarters, it's slower and margins, I think, are down year-over-year. Maybe I'm doing the calc wrong. Can you just talk about a bit of what's going on there?
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. So first, one of the aspects to the business since the accounting change for the 606 accounting change several years back. is that the dynamics around revenue recognition creates a lot of volatility in the P&L and particularly on a quarterly basis. And that's because the difference in the underlying mix of licenses on a year-over-year basis can significantly influence the dynamics around revenue recognition. And so the margins the kind of pattern throughout the year is a little less meaningful in kind of extrapolating kind of where directional momentum is going particularly in the P&L. We do also have similar variability in quarters as customers have moved to multiyear leases -- it is not as much of a selling motion where it's only about an event at a point in time that kind of comes up once a year, there's an ongoing selling process that happens kind of throughout the year where ACV can be remixed relative for a single customer relative to what the prior year looks like.  So there's considerable volatility that happened throughout the quarters. And that's why we're really focused on being really clear about our full year guidance where our full year outlook is for ACV and operating cash flow and particularly in particular, in the P&L overall. And the way that we feel we're indicating kind of the change in the trajectory of the business is with our updates to the full year guidance. And so that's how that's how we would think about it overall is really around that. And I think you could see that in kind of how we went through our guidance last year.  And if we could look at the beginning of the year, there was a 4-point difference in ACV as an example, as we progressed throughout the year. And that's because our philosophy is that we look -- we give guidance based on what we see ahead of us today and what the pipeline in the book of business looks like today. And as things change, up or down, we will be clear about what changes. We don't try to create wide ranges, which predict macro trends or things that we can't control. We try to look at it in terms of where our book of business is today. So does that answer your question?
Steve Tusa: Yes, that's helpful. I guess you were pretty clear in mentioning that you're seeing strength across large enterprises as well as small and medium-sized businesses, which is clearly different than what some other obviously not simulation companies, but more of the PLM and CAD guys are saying. So I just wanted to make sure there was nothing in that guidance that was contrary to that comment where it seems like the strength is broad-based and really not slowing. So the guidance is really not meant to reflect that kind of macro outlook.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, absolutely. I mean it is the variability within the timing of things in the quarters can create some ups and downs throughout the year. But the overall outlook, which we think is quite strong out of the gate is really a reflection of broad-based demand, as you point out.
Steve Tusa: Great. Just one more on 1Q. Any color on cash flow for 1Q.
Nicole Anasenes: Cash flow, so we do not give quarterly cash flow guidance because the dynamics around cash flow within a quarter because change because of timing of payments that fall over date lines -- or timing of collections that could sell over datelines quite easily and make really meaningful differences. But for modeling purposes, I think you can assume that a meaningful portion of the cash flow occurs in Q1, particularly off of a strong Q4.  And Q1 and Q4 tend to be the largest cash flow quarters. The middle 2 quarters tend to be a little bit more muted with Q2 being probably the lower water mark.
Operator: Okay. The next question is from Saket Kalia of Barclays.
Saket Kalia: And well done on a strong finish to -- thank you Nicole, maybe for you, very helpful on the ACV contribution from inorganic. I was wondering if you could just talk about that from just a margin and free cash flow perspective. And just to preface it a little bit, I mean, ANSYS is, of course, so profitable. It's rare that a tuck-in acquisition is accretive to margins. But can you just maybe just give us some broad brushes on operating margins, that is.  Can you just give us some broad brushes on how and and maybe any of the other kind of acquisitions for mid-'22 are impacting that margin here in '23? And whether those acquisitions are maybe additive or dilutive to operating cash flow?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. Thanks, Saket. So as you point out, in almost every acquisition we do is dilutive to actual margin. So there is no accretion for margin that occurs with some or any individual acquisition we have. Now as it relates to cash flow, Cash flow is also relatively more muted in the first year. I mean, sometimes you can have some slight positive impacts cash flow. But as you know, there's meaningful year one expenses associated with integration and those types of things, which are normal operating cash outflows. And so as it relates to the most significant kind of individual contributor to the overall portfolio would be the example. That did have some contribution to the underlying cash flow guide, but it's really modest relative to what it might be on an ongoing basis.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Got it. That's very helpful. Ajei, maybe for my follow-up for you. You touched on this in the question just around R&D priorities with some of the public cloud announcements, which I thought were very notable this quarter with both AWS and Azure. Maybe just a higher-level question. How do you sort of think about the mix of simulation being done on public cloud hyperscalers versus more traditional on-premise or private cloud simulation being done within your customer base -- and how do you sort of see that mix shifting? How -- does that make sense?
Ajei Gopal: Yes, it does. Thank you for the question. Look, the way you should think about it is, from an ANSYS perspective, we're really agnostic as to where someone might be able to run our solutions. I mean we want -- I mean, one of the primary uses of cloud today is for high-performance computing applications. And so we know that we have customers who are taking advantage of the licenses that we make available to them and they're using them in the public cloud. And really, from our perspective, we want people to have the flexibility to be able to use to be whatever environment where they have compute available. Obviously, as time goes on, there is a clear trend even in the largest organizations, which have invested in data centers there is a clear trend towards taking advantage of public cloud.  And obviously, as the public cloud vendors are continuing to invest in scientific computing capabilities, where the nodes that are available have the requisite needs for scientific computing, that's also driving incremental usage. So it is clearly an ongoing it is clearly an ongoing direction and something that we expect to see happen. From our strategy, I mean, look, we are very excited about the public cloud being used from our strategy perspective, we have, as you know, 2 distinct kinds of cloud offerings, what we call cloud marketplace and what we call cloud native and this combination of marketplace and native takes full advantage of everything that we previously talked about as well as some of the newly developed and announced cloud capabilities.  The marketplace offerings are really about delivering flexibility to our existing customer base. So it's really giving customers, as I said earlier, giving them the option to maintain the same patterns that they employ today, taking advantage of familiar ANSYS products while leveraging the benefit of cloud computing and their own pre-existing relationships with cloud service providers. And so you mentioned the ANSYS Gateway with AWS, which we released in Q4 of last year. You talked about the announcement we made in February of this year where we extended our Microsoft partnership in the Agile marketplace offering. So there's a number of activities in that space.  On the cloud native space, we're targeting new users and new use cases, and that's really a cloud-based platform for the development and deployment of new workflows and applications. And as if you remember back at our Investor Day, we talked about a new area of verticalized simulation applications where the power of simulation gets extended far beyond its current user base to, frankly, anyone who needs predictive analytics.  And so we have initiatives and R&D efforts underway in that space. And it's still very early days, but you should stay tuned for more progress as we continue to move this exciting technology for the rollout.
Operator: The next question is from Tyler Radke of Citi.
Tyler Radke: Yes. Some really impressive results in Germany and Japan this quarter, and I think you talked about some big wins with the automakers. Could you just talk about some of the drivers of that outperformance in the quarter? And in these large deals with the automakers, like what exactly is driving the large expansions and maybe go into some detail in terms of the higher simulation core count that you're seeing in electronic motor design. And if you could just elaborate on some of the trends driving that?
Ajei Gopal: Sure. I mean, look, the automotive business is one of our top 3 industries, as you know, top 3 verticals as we define it, growth high tech and semiconductor, aerospace and defense and automotive and ground transportation. And it continues to be a strong area. And we've got deep relationships with our automotive customers as they continue to face these complex challenges with their products. And there's a number of things -- there's a number of areas where they're continuing to innovate. Firstly, obviously, if you think about passenger cars for a moment, there is clearly a direction towards fuel efficiency and so on in more traditional cars in the traditional internal combustion engine and that deals with lightweighting, et cetera, crash testing, those are across all of the product lines.  But as you start to think about the next-generation electrification alternative energies, those are all important themes where customers are investing and making investments for the long term. Battery technology. And I hope me mention an example of some of the work that we're doing there with impact analysis with the -- in my script earlier. So there's a lot of work in multiple areas taking place that are supporting the automotive customers I would just point out, by the way, that as we think about the work that takes place, for example, with electrification in the automotive industry, the work that leads to that includes the entire supply chain and then may be suppliers who are in our high-tech vertical or building very high-tech components that are then being used in the automotive space.  And so if you start to look at the entire supply chain, the impact of automotive is very large across the industry as they're looking at all of these different areas. Now the breadth of our technology and the breadth of the portfolio I mean it's so large that we are able to help our customers as they are looking at all of these different issues. Sustainability is another example. And that's why I think you're seeing strength in these industries, the sophisticated industries, which require these -- which are going through these transformations, we are able to help our customers navigate through these next-generation [indiscernible] that they're facing or trends of the dealing with the market.
Tyler Radke: And a follow-up for Nicole. Obviously, the profitability performance in the quarter and outlook was pretty strong. I'm wondering if there's any cost savings or OpEx specific initiatives that you're undertaking or if this is just a result of the top line outperformance. But if you could just -- obviously, a lot of companies out there taking a look at the processes and people certainly, you're not facing the level of growth challenges.  There's a lot of other software companies. But just curious if there's any incremental initiatives on the cost side that you're pursuing here.
Nicole Anasenes: Thanks, Tyler. So what I would say is, yes, that the operating -- we have very strong operating leverage in the business because we have relatively low variable costs and so that's why you can definitely see as we continue to accelerate growth, the operating leverage in the business. Now it comes down to what do you do with that incremental growth? And how do you reinvest it and I would say that we have a tremendous amount of operational discipline around decision-making around investments that is not new to ANSYS. It is kind of embedded in how we make decisions and how we prioritize where we put investments with an eye towards how do we get return with a balance on what is helping us for the short term and how are we making sure that we're prudently investing for the long term.  And so that strategy has served us well. It has allowed us to continue to invest in the business as things -- as things are good and make sure we can accelerate our road map. It also helps us understand how we need to monitor things over time. And so there's nothing quite new and an always-on basis, we're always reevaluating our processes and looking at have a pretty robust enterprise-wide transformation process around how do we remove the unnecessary work in the way that we support the business.  And again, that's not new to influence the outlook, but it is the reason why we can stay the course on the strategy that we have because we've always been operationally disciplined. So even when there's times with uncertainty, we're confident that we have the maneuverability to execute.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: Once again, I am excited by the excellent progress ANSYS made in 2022. I would like to thank the one ANSYS team around the world for our ongoing success. The team's work our broad-based business momentum and our strong customer relationships give us even greater confidence in our ability to execute against long-term goals. Thank you again for joining today's call, and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the ANSYS Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, President and Chief Executive Officer; Nicole Anasenes, Chief Financial Officer; and Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President, Investor Relations. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note today's event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. DeBriyn for opening remarks. Please go ahead.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release, the related prepared remarks document and the link to our third quarter 2022 Form 10-Q have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website. They contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our third quarter financial results and business update, as well as our Q4 and updated fiscal year 2022 outlook and the key underlying quantitative and qualitative assumptions. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Important factors that may affect our future results are discussed in our public filings. Forward-looking statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information. During this call, we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and reconciliations of GAAP to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release materials. I would now like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ajei Gopal for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal : Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us. Q3 was yet another excellent quarter for ANSYS, where we once again beat across our key metrics, including ACV, revenue, operating margins and earnings per share. This gives us further confidence in the business and has enabled us to operationally raise our full year guidance for ACV, revenue, EPS and operating cash flow. Nicole will have the details in a few minutes. As we have previously discussed the strength and the resilience of the ANSYS business come in part because of the number and the diversity of customers we serve, ANSYS has 10s of 1000s of customers across multiple industries, including high tech and semiconductor, aerospace and defense and automotive and ground transportation. Those three sectors were again our largest contributors in Q3. Our largest contract for the quarter was in the high tech and semiconductor space, a $59 million three-year agreement with an international electronics company. This global brand has been challenged by the increasing complexity of its products, as semiconductor chips continue to get smaller, which has led to issues such as voltage drop. By continually enhancing our solution to semiconductor and other areas of physics, we will not only be able to stave off any competitive challenges in this long-term account, but we increase the number of ANSYS products the customer uses, the number of end users as well as the amount of computations performed. This new contract broadens our existing footprint, which included products from across our multi physics portfolio, such as structures, fluids, electromagnetics, and materials. This is a perfect example of a discussion at a recent investor update that ANSYS is growing across three vectors, more products, more users, and more computations. ANSYS is also well balanced across geographies, with a little less than 50% of our business coming from the Americas and the remainder roughly split between EMEA and Asia Pacific. This diversity in our customer base means that we can harness growth from a wide variety of sources. It also means that we are resilient to the business or economic dynamics of any specific customer or industry or country. In Q3, I'm excited to report that from a geographic perspective, we saw a very strong revenue growth from both Asia Pacific and EMEA while the Americas came in as expected. Adding to the strength of our business is a broad and deep product portfolio, which includes flagship product in structures, fluids, electromagnetics, semiconductors, optics and mission. As such, we are not over reliant on any individual product line, which further contributes to ANSYS’ resilience. Additionally, our proven portfolio enables us to attract new customers, as well as to displace competitor technology. For example, our startup program is continuing to grow as these nascent companies take advantage of ANSYS solutions. The program has had over 1,600 customers across 53 countries. While members of our startup program represent a small piece of our overall business, they are aggressive users of our products. And with the program's high graduation rates, more and more of these customers become active contributors to the ANSYS business. While it can be difficult to replace an incumbent in our space, we have also grown our customer base by displacing competitors. For example, in Q3, we won a contract with an industrial tool manufacturer, that was a key account at one of our competitors. That customer is now using ANSYS’ structural, fluids and electronic solutions for the development of its power tools. On these calls, I often highlight a specific aspect of our business. Over the past several calls, I have discussed the unparalleled scalability of our best-in-class fluid products. I highlighted the critical role that ANSYS solutions play in sustainability. I discuss how customers are using our solutions in the development of next generation semiconductors. And I reviewed our leading suite of optical simulation products. But this call, I would like to reiterate some of the key takeaways from a recent investor update. During the update in August, we discussed how typical enterprise software companies have only two vectors of growth, more products, and more users. ANSYS however, has a third, more computations, let me briefly discuss each of them. Traditionally, simulation involves a single user leveraging a single ANSYS product for each individual simulation. Today, as we partner with our customers to solve more complex R&D challenges, there is an increased demand for multiple physics, including structures and fluids, electronics, photonics and others to work together by transcending individual physics to connect workflows that solve complex multi physics problems. Our customers can simulate and analyze the physical world at a system and admission level. Addressing these complex new use cases inherently requires the use of multiple physics solvers, leading to an increased number of multi product sales. In Q3, we signed a seven-figure contract with a longtime Space 2.0 company that has standardized on ANSYS as multi physics solutions across all of its engineering departments to develop safer and more reliable launch vehicles. With this new agreement, the company is now expanding its ANSYS footprint to include our material intelligence solution as its central materials database. We have also invested in the overall user experience, which is driving more end users of ANSYS solutions. Remember that in the past, only expert engineering analysts could take advantage of simulation. Today, ANSYS simulation is being used by all levels of engineers, thanks to our automated workflows and integrations with other systems that make answer solutions more intuitive and easier to use. That means that different types of engineers can fully take advantage of the benefits of ANSYS simulation, and it is driving the expansion of simulation usage to more users upstream and downstream of the validation process. In Q3, ANSYS calls the largest healthcare contract in our history, a seven-figure agreement that will dramatically expand the number of users at an American eyecare company. realizing the benefits of simulation, this existing customer has launched a digital twin and digital engineering initiative that will triple the number of users of engineering simulation technology in the next 18 to 24 months. The third vector of our growth is through more computations. ANSYS is able to monetize customers workloads, as they run the larger, more complex calculations needed to solve next generation product challenges. A single ANSYS user can leverage multiple products and can run hundreds of simulations across 1000s of cores in parallel, which is critical functionality, as even the most common products become more complex. We provide our customers with open, scalable offerings, supported by the major cloud platforms to enhance and extend our industry leading simulation portfolio. This flexibility enables our customers to maximize the value they realize from simulation, while scaling up to address the increasing complexity of next generation product development. We recently announced the launch of our ANSYS Gateway powered by Amazon Web Services. With this addition to our comprehensive cloud offering, customers can easily access, subscribe and configure ANSYS applications from a single location. ANSYS Gateway powered by AWS allows broader access to high performance computing by bringing down the traditional hardware barriers that have limited innovation for many of our customers. Our focus on expanding the portfolio of physics on creating a platform to enable and manage complex multi physics solutions. And an expanding simulation use cases unlocks greater customer value, which enables all three vectors of growth for ANSYS. The application of ANSYS simulation technologies can be manifested in varied and distinct ways. For example, last time, I discussed the multiple roles ANSYS solutions played in the testing, launch and deployment of the James Webb Space Telescope. Keeping with the applications of ANSYS and space, I'd like to briefly highlight the role that we played in NASA's recent dark mission. As you may recall, in September, NASA smashed an unmanned spacecraft into an asteroid in an attempt to alter its orbit. The Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Lab extensively used ANSYS SCK through a mission planning process from formulating darts trajectory through the asteroid system, as well as to visualize relevant vectors and attitudes. The thermal team use SCK’s for mission environment when checking the location of the sun, relative to the satellite during critical maneuvers. NASA has announced that the dark mission exceeded its highest expectations by shortening the asteroids orbit by 32 minutes. This marks the first-time humanity has changed the orbit of a celestial object. And I would like to congratulate the team at Johns Hopkins and NASA for this success in this inspirational and potentially lifesaving mission. This example demonstrates the range of use cases, as well as the impact of ANSYS solutions. Next, I'd like to highlight 1000s of ANSYS employees around the world. They are of course, what makes ANSYS so special. So I'm very proud that Newsweek Magazine has ranked ANSYS as 13th amongst the most loved workplaces at US companies. The ranking considers employee survey responses, external ratings, and interviews with company leaders. This recognition is just one more testament to ANSYS’ unique culture and the impact we have on the world. In closing, Q3 was another excellent quarter for ANSYS, one that provides momentum as we close out the year, and look ahead to 2023. With our product leadership, proven performance and resilient business model, I'm more confident than ever in the future of ANSYS and the innovations, we're helping our customers to drive. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Nicole. Nicole?
Nicole Anasenes: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Let me take a few minutes to add some additional perspective on our third quarter financial performance and provide context for our outlook and assumptions for Q4 and full year 2022. The third quarter demonstrated the strength and resiliency of our business as we delivered robust growth during the quarter and beat our financial guidance across all key metrics. ACV was strong and better than our guidance, revenue, operating margin and EPS also exceeded our Q3 guidance driven by ACV outperformance. Both our large enterprise customers and SMB customers performed well during the quarter. Now let me discuss some of our Q3 financial highlights. Q3 ACV was $409.3 million and grew year-over-year 12% or 20% in constant currency. We saw broad base constant currency growth across customer types, geographies and industries. ACV from recurring sources grew 16% in constant currency year-over-year on a trailing 12-month basis. This momentum in recurring ACV growth is driven by the strong annuity created by our ongoing shift towards subscription lease licenses. ACV from recurring sources represented 79% of the total in the third quarter. Q3 total Revenue was $473.7 million and grew 6% or 15% in constant currency, which as I mentioned, exceeded our guidance driven by outperforming our expected ACV. Asia Pacific and EMEA drove strong Q3 revenue growth. We had robust top line performance in Q3 with ACV and revenue both growing double digit in constant currency at 20% and 15%, respectively. In both Q3 and year-to-date, we executed against our business model of double-digit growth, including tuck-in M&A. We close the quarter with a total balance of GAAP deferred revenue and backlog of over $1.1 billion, which grew 23% year-over-year. During the quarter, we continued to deliver a business model with strong operating leverage. This yielded a solid third quarter gross margin of 91.1% and an operating margin of 41%, which was better than our guidance. Operating margin was positively impacted by outperforming on revenue, as well as the timing of investments that have moved into the fourth quarter of the year. The result with third quarter EPS of $1.77, which was also better than our guidance. Similar to operating margin, EPS benefited from strong revenue results and the timing of investments. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 18%. The tax rate we expect for the remainder of 2022. Our operating cash flows in the third quarter totaled $127.2 million. Our unlevered operating cash flows were $132 million. We ended the quarter with $632.7 million of cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet. Now let me turn to the topic of guidance. The underlying momentum in our business and demand for our best-in-class portfolio continues to be strong. We are operationally increasing our outlook on ACV, revenue, EPS and operating cash flow for the full year. We delivered a robust Q3 and our strong 2022 forecast reflects our continued breadth and depth of customer demand. Offsetting our year-to-date performance and strong full year outlook is persistent and significant US dollar strengthening, which impacts the exchange rates embedded in our guidance. Let me start with our full year 2022 guidance. We expect full year ACV outlook to be in the range of $1,975 million to $2 billion, which represents growth of 5.6% to 6.9% or 12% to 13.4% in constant currency. We are raising the midpoint of our full year constant currency ACV growth compared to our August guidance. For additional context, the midpoint of our ACV guidance when translated at 2019 foreign exchange rates would be equal to approximately $2,080 million and would exceed our 2019 investor day ACV targets. Our full year constant currency ACV growth raise is driven by the strong performance and our resilient business model. That performance drove a full year ACV operational increase of $8 million relative to our August guidance. This momentum was offset by $20 million of additional foreign exchange headwind. Our strong performance has been consistent throughout 2022. Since we issued full year ACV guidance in February, we have raised the midpoint of our constant currency growth rate guidance by almost three points from around 10% in February to almost 13%, constant currency growth with our current guidance. The strong organic growth in our business has been driving our improving outlook. Turning to revenue, we expect revenue to be in the range of $2 billion to $2,035 million which is growth of 3.55 to 5.4%, or 10.1% to 11.9% in constant currency. We are raising the midpoint of our constant currency revenue growth compared to our August guidance, which reflects a full year revenue operational increase of $12 million. This momentum was offset by $24 million of additional foreign exchange headwind. Similar to ACV, for revenue, we have raised the midpoint of our full year 2022 constant currency growth rate guidance by almost two points from around 9% in February to 11% with our current guidance. Turning to EPS, we expect our full year EPS to be in the range of $7.48 to $7.80. Relative to our August guidance, our full year EPS increased $0.12 from better operational performance, which was offset by $0.17 of incremental foreign exchange headwind. As a reminder, some of our strong Q3 EPS performance was driven by the timing of investments that moved from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. We continue to expect our full year operating margins to be in the range of 41% to 42%. Now let me turn to our full year operating cash flow guidance. Our 2022 outlook is a range of $570 million to $600 million. Relative to our August guidance, our full year operating cash flow increased $2 million from better operational performance, which was offset by $7 million of incremental foreign exchange headwind. Also note on a year-over-year basis, operating cash flow continues to face nonoperational headwinds, including the timing impact of R&D capitalization regulations, and higher interest expense given rising interest rates. Since January 2022, we have seen significant US dollar strengthening relative to all global currencies that contribute to our results. Our largest exposures are to the euro and Japanese yen. When compared to the 2021 currency rates, our 2022 guidance is negatively impacted on ACV by approximately $120 million, and operating cash flow by approximately 40 million. Now, let me turn to guidance for Q4. For the fourth quarter, we expect ACV in the range of $761.3 million to $786.3 million, and revenue in the range of $621.8 million to $656.8 million. We expect Q4 operating margin in the range of 45.6% to 48.5%, and EPS in the range of $2.58 to $2.90. Further details around specific currency rates and other assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for 2022 and Q4 are contained in the prepared remarks document. Our core simulation market is strong and diversified with consistent demand from our customers as they encounter increasingly complex product development challenges. This strong core market, coupled with our market leading portfolio, deep customer relationships, and highly recurring financial model with three vectors of growth, makes ANSYS’ business highly resilient. All of this is driving the underlying momentum in our business and gives us confidence in the increased outlook for full year constant currency ACV and revenue growth. I would like to thank the ANSYS team for their outstanding execution during the quarter, which drove a robust Q3 financial performance and momentum going into our last quarter of the year. We once again delivered an exceptional quarter which demonstrated the ongoing strength of the ANSYS business. I am confident in our ability to continue to execute against our outlook. Operator, we will now open the phone line to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Gal Munda with Wolfe Research.
Gal Munda: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. The first one is just, Ajei, you mentioned how the different vectors of growth are working for you. And I wanted to kind of double down a little bit on the computational power that your customers use. And just relate that to the business model you have today. Can you just give us a little bit more color on how you're able to capture that as people? Is that relationship from one engineer using one license at a particular problem? When they start solving more complex problems? How do you capture the value from economic perspective as well? Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: Gal, good morning. That's a great question. So the way you should think about how we monetize that is, it's really through product licensing. So when we license our technology to customers, we give them access to the use of us, take a multi-year lease as an example, we give them access to use our technology for a duration of time. And we also give them access to high performance computing capability. And that HPC translates into license software for us, license revenue for us or license ACV. And of course, access to the solvers themselves also show up as licenses. So in the aggregate, both the ability to use the technology on more processing translates into license for us. And the ability to use more of our software in that context translates into more license. So that's how we monetize it. And that's how it shows up in our financials.
Gal Munda: That is really helpful. Thank you. Interesting. And then I like kind of the point that Nicole made, which is if you look at the constant currency exchange rates from 2019, you as a team managed to beat the guidance -- well manage to be the guidance by about 4%, 5%. If you look back and kind of, think about when you gave us that guidance, I think it was in September ‘19. And what happened during that time we had, we had COVID, and everything, what has allowed you, which parts have potentially played out better then when you still look the time to allow you too, even though anything that was going on, from a macro perspective, you're able to kind of achieve those targets, what surprised you maybe on the positive or maybe even on the -- what ended up being maybe a little bit slower than you thought. Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: Why don’t I jump in Gal, because I have some context. And then maybe I'll ask Nicole to add a little bit more. So if you look back at 2019, and you consider the evolution of our business, and we describe some of this in the investor update presentation that we did earlier this year, we've been in the process of a transformation in our business model, where we've been taking advantage of these three vectors of growth that you alluded to earlier. And we've been using that to really transform our business model in the way that we support our customers. So we've increased the amount of lease that we do with our customers. And that translates into obviously stickier relationships with our customers as we go forward. So look, at the end of the day, it comes down to the products that we have, and the capabilities that we provide and our ability to address some of our customers’ most challenging market needs. And we have an amazing portfolio, we've continued to build in that portfolio, we've continued to expand that capability that makes it even more relevant for our customers today as compared with years ago. And the nature of the business model, the nature of the ability to monetize that relationship, all of that translate into our ability to be very resilient, no matter what happens out there in the market. So we have a very resilient business model that I'm excited about. We've talked about how we are and I mentioned this in my script, we talked about how our technology is very broad across multiple physics, we're not overly reliant on a single product line, we talked about how we're, we have presence in multiple industry verticals. And we mentioned, I mentioned high tech, I mentioned automotive, I mentioned aerospace as examples. And of course, we have presence in others. And we talked about our geographical distribution as well. So that gives us the ability to be resilient when a particular industry changes or when there are particular challenges in an individual market. Now, in the face of a global pandemic, of course, as you saw going through this, that's an overarching global phenomenon. And there, it just goes back to the core value proposition of our products, which is we help our customers build better products, bring them to market faster, at lower cost, we help them reduce warranty costs, we help them be more efficient. And so that combination of being able to support them from a top line perspective and drive both top line growth, as well as support them from a cost perspective really stands us in good stead in rough economic times, which is obviously what we've seen in the last couple of years. So that part, in part contributes to the momentum of the business that we've seen in the past. And frankly, that contributes to the momentum of the business that we're seeing, that we're seeing today. And I've had the opportunity to now spend a number of over the last couple of months, I've had an opportunity to spend time with customers in person in the US, in Europe, in Asia. And what I'm hearing from customers around the globe, is very consistent perspectives on the pressures that they're having to be able to continue to drive their businesses forward. So they've all got multiyear product roadmaps that they need to advance their businesses. And frankly, they're use-- they're relying on us. They're relying on simulation to be able to not only deliver on those roadmaps but to be able to deliver on those roadmaps as efficiently as possible. Because they know that simulation can help them save time and money through the avoidance of physical testing and things of that nature. So that's all contributed to the momentum that we have in the business. And I'm really excited about where we are right now.
Operator: And our next question will come from Tyler Radke with Citi.
Tyler Radke: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Ajei in the opening remarks, you referenced a number of deals where you displace competition in accounts and just feels like this is something that you're talking about more here on these earnings call relative to historical quarters. So could you just walk-through kind of the opportunity that you see there? Have you seen kind of win rates pick up and is this kind of a function of some of the innovation at ANSYS. And perhaps inorganically, just kind of combining products that you've acquired into the core suite that's allowing you to do this, just kind of talk about the opportunity on the competitive displacement side. And then I had a quick follow up for Nicole. Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: Yes, so firstly, Tyler, the first point is competitive displacements are in our industry relatively difficult, right? They don't happen. They don't happen on a regular basis. These are relatively difficult. And when they do happen, it's something that you are excited about because the customer has a specific need. And obviously, they're not able to satisfy that need, based on whatever products that may currently be using. And whatever they're using right now may or may not, if it's not able to address their needs, not able to solve their problems, not able to provide the level of fidelity or accuracy they're looking for, not able to integrate with the systems that they need to, they'll look for another solution. And as you rightly pointed out, we were excited. And I mentioned this in my script, we were excited about one of our competitive displacement this year, that we noted. But more generally, the nature of these displacements is driven by as you pointed out the strength of the portfolio. Look, we've made a lot of investment in improving the product from a performance perspective, from a usability perspective, from an integration perspective, if you look at some of the releases that we've announced, for example, most recently, in R3, in R2 in 2022 R2 one example on scalability. I mean, we're using a GPU scalability and achieving enormous acceleration in solving capacity for our customers. These are all incredible innovations that they value. And as they start to look at our roadmap and the organic activity that we've got, they realize that they should be committing to us, because we will be able to help them not just only today, but out in the future. So that's how I see it. And obviously, as you mentioned, inorganic, obviously we continue, we've made a number of good acquisitions. They have been integrated into our portfolio as well. And that just adds to the breadth and depth of our technology and capability.
Tyler Radke: Thanks. And Nicole, as I look at the Q4 ACV guide. So obviously, it was a really strong beat here in Q3, but it looks like the race for the full year was much less than the operational beat in Q3, could you just help us understand what's giving you the moving pieces in the guide for Q4, where there's some deals that maybe came in a bit earlier here in Q3, are your kind of de- risking Q4 further based on what you see on the macro environment? Just help us understand the relatively large outperformance in Q3 and then the much smaller operational raise for the full year. Thank you.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, sure. Thanks. And great question, Tyler. So let me start with a perspective of how we view the overall momentum in our business. Our focus is really on how we improve our full year ACV outlook over time. And that's because the quarter-to-quarter revenue growth dynamics are really less indicative of momentum, because of the lumpiness of large deals. And also timing, the precision of predicting the timing within a specific quarter is also a little more challenging. For example, in Q3, we close over 12,000 deals in a quarter. So you can't always control the timing of when customers are deciding to close those deals. And so to illustrate the momentum we see in the business, I would point out two things. So first is looking at what we – what they started -- the answer was here I am looking at the raises throughout the year. So our $8 million operational raise that we gave in this guidance really is a follow on to a $29 million operational raise in August, which was a follow on to a $35 million operational raise in May. And so overall, we've seen consistent momentum and improvement in the business, that translated to about three points of incremental constant currency growth throughout the year. So from about 10%, in February, when we started to about 13% at the midpoint. The second thing that I'd point out is, while quarters are a little lumpy, and it's a little bit more challenging to see patterns, if you can look at kind of the first half and the second half to understand the underlying momentum of the business. So in the first half our constant currency ACV growth was around 12%. And if you look at the midpoint of our constant currency ACV growth implied in our guidance for the second half, that would be about 14 points. So you can clearly see from the first half to the second half the improvement in the momentum of the business. In addition, the incremental $8 million raise on top of the guidance we gave in August, it's an indicator of the overall improvement in the second half.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good morning, Ajei for you, first, you noted the breadth of the product line. And that for me raises the question of resource allocation to that greater breadth of portfolio specifically for R&D. At your analysts meeting five years ago, you gave us a number of priorities that you had for internal investing specifically for R&D. And here five years later looking ahead, given the greater breadth of the portfolio and the various dimensions you spoke of, how are you thinking about critical resource allocations, especially as R&D is steady or slightly higher percentage of revenues than it was a number of years ago. For you, Nicole. as follow up for the year-to-date, you've been adding typically between 100 and 200 employees per quarter. How are you thinking about the ongoing headcount adds from here, specifically in one of your largest categories, which is technical support and consulting, or the AE area?
Ajei Gopal: Hey. So let me start first, Jay, thank you for the question. Let's talk about a little bit about R&D and prioritization. As you know, and I think we've discussed this in our investor updates, we have a pretty robust mechanism of being able to allocate resources against priorities. And we do that analysis. And that ultimately influences where we're spending our money and our resources in order to achieve the outcomes that we're looking for. From a product perspective, I think you should understand that we look at sort of the core physics evolution, and there is an amount of work that we have focused on the evolution of the core physics, and that's algorithmic advances, all of the work that you would expect to continue to make structures better than ever, or fluids, the fluids better than ever electromagnetics, et cetera. So we have a stream of activity within the R&D organizations which do that. We also have, as we broaden the portfolio, we have some platform level work. And that really addresses the needs across multiple products. So it's a support for the cloud. It’s support for products like Minerva, these are value propositions that apply across all of the physics and all of the verticals, as we deliver to our customers, the simulation platform that allows them to manage these really complex simulations that we're dealing with. If you look at technologies like materials, for example, that's again, very valid as you start to think about multi product sales materials comes in and provides a significant amount of capability in that context. So the other thing to note is that some of the techniques that we have developed, for example, GPU acceleration, where we've done some incredible work, that's technology that can be shared across the physics, some of the ray tracing techniques that we've developed, and once those are applicable across others, so we're leveraging the teams to be able to take advantage of learnings from one team to the other. So I'm very comfortable with our position with our R&D footprint, I think we have a fantastic roadmap. And I think it continues to add to the value proposition for our customers, which is we can continue to help them solve their most challenging problems now, and they have confidence in our roadmap, going into the future to support them. They understand the value proposition of being able to reduce costs, they understand we can help them reduce warranty costs. All of those things are reflected and supported by our R&D roadmap.
Nicole Anasenes: And, Jay, on your hiring question. Yes, our Q3 pace of hiring came in as expected, and it was at a slight -- it is at a higher rate than we did in Q3 2021. So we are keeping to our plans, we're tracking to our plans, we're continuing to hire in Q4 as planned. I mean, the overall additional point I would make is that our overall attrition still remains lower than industry averages. And that really positions us well to have the consistency and the stability in our overall organization to continue to invest in growth. And really in take advantage of the opportunities that Ajei just articulated in his response to you around your R&D question. And so we're continuing to execute against the 2022 hiring, as planned.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Tusa with JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning. Appreciate it you guys have kind of over driven on the annual guide this year. I think that's something that it's pretty clear. So obviously, the trends through the third quarter here very strong, just still not kind of understanding what's going on in the fourth with the slowing growth on the ACV side. Is there something in the macro that is maybe some pull forward in the 3Q that made that look a little better? So the trend is still very strong. It's just that there's a little bit of lumpiness. I know, the backlog and the leading indicators were down, that's probably a Forex issue. But just trying to get a little more color on what's happening there in the fourth quarter, again, totally appreciating that the trendline is very strong. And you guys have done a great job this year of beating numbers consistently.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So first, I just kind of reiterate the point around growth rates in any given quarter, on a quarter-to-quarter basis. I mean, the absolute growth rate in Q4 that you see in the underlying guidance, remember, there's about 700 basis points of foreign exchange in that absolute number overall. So when you adjust for foreign exchange, the midpoint is around that double digit growth, which is in line overall, with our model, on a quarter-to-quarter basis, you sometimes get lumpiness in terms of when deals happen, and when there's kind of year-to-year comparison of when those deals happen. So the quarterly growth rates in the patterns of quarterly growth rates are just less indicative of overall momentum than the overall which is why kind of in responding to Tyler, I kind of gave that description of the overall momentum and so now and when you look at what can happen in any given quarter again 12,000 contracts in a quarter. Sometimes timing isn't a different, it falls into different quarters and then one would expect and so overall, the underlying optimism the business had didn't change. The underlying momentum in the business hasn't changed. We have -- we are very focused on the full year, and delivering the full year number making sure that we're getting the right deals for our customers and for the business at the right time. And so sometimes that can affect the overall underlying dynamics environment growth. But overall, Q4 is midpoint, it is still in that 10% range, which is -- which brings the second half to approximately 14% constant currency.
Steve Tusa: Right? And I guess just, yes, sorry, go ahead.
Nicole Anasenes: You had -- I didn't answer your backlog question. I apologize. So the backlog, on the backlog, that's really a sequential pattern as well. If you go back and you look, there's some seasonality to the way backlog kind of rolls off. And so that you also have to look into longer patterns as well. So if you look at the same quarters last year, you see that kind of seasonal pattern of the dip in backlog on a quarter-to-quarter basis, and then it kind of returns to different. So the quarter-to-quarter dynamics are less indicative of than the overall kind of full year dynamics that you see on backlog growth.
Steve Tusa: Right. So there's really nothing that you guys are seeing. I know, everybody is very sensitive to the macro these days. But there's really nothing you're kind of seeing, as far as an extension of closed cycles or anything like that, where people are being just a little bit more cautious. Because the annual midpoint growth was on an organic basis was touched down a little bit, there's really nothing there, macro guys macro wise that you guys are seeing to just to put a cap on this question.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, no. I would say that the overall – over, I'll let Ajei comment because he's been speaking to customers. So he can give you the more contextual cover. But the overall, our overall outlook has improved since August. And so we're not seeing any fundamental difference other than the timing of when customers have closed deals in the quarter, so that on a constant currency basis, our growth rate is increased for the full year. And that's really driven by that $8 million operational rate. So there's nothing specific that we're seeing other than normal quarter-to-quarter dynamics in terms of when things close. But Ajei, maybe you can add some color.
Ajei Gopal: Yes, sure. Just to jump in here. Obviously, we read the same headlines that everyone else does. But look, our outlook is based on the reality that we're seeing in the field. And as I mentioned earlier, up in the last couple of months, I've had the opportunity to spend a fair amount of time on the road. And as I said earlier, I've talked to customers across in different geographies, I've also spent time with the sales force in the field, in these different geographies as well. And we're not seeing the challenges that you might read about in the headlines reflected in our business. And I will sound like a broken record. And forgive me for repeating myself. The value proposition that we provide is tied to R&D. And customers have multiyear R&D product roadmaps and the competitive environment for customers is more challenging today than it's ever been. And so they understand the lessons of the past, which is that if you see concerns in the headlines, then you pull your R&D investment back when those concerns are passed, you're now behind and you lose market share. And that's to your detriment. They've seen this play out time after time after time. And so the investment in R&D activity continues unabated. And our value proposition is tied to R&D, because of that said, again, repeatedly, we make R&D efficient, more efficient, and we help customers dry product to market faster. So that's where our excitement comes from. It comes from what we're seeing from forecasts perspective, what we're seeing from the field, what we're seeing with our customers, and the nature of the products in the market we serve.
Operator: Our next question will come from Blair Abernethy with Rosenblatt Securities.
Blair Abernethy: Thank you, nice quarter. Ajei, just wanted to ask you back to your prepared remarks around users of simulation software, if we look back a decade or so ago, really a very technical master's level or higher kind of user base was predominant. And now it seems like things are starting to broaden finally, as had been long predicted, is this -- are you seeing this actively out there across your verticals and what exactly do you see ANSYS doing in order to encourage broader engineering adoption?
Ajei Gopal: Well, it's multifaceted. I mean, firstly, the observation that you're making, which is that it's easier for engineers to use simulation and more engineers are using simulation is absolutely accurate. And there are a number of reasons why that's the case. Number one, we'll start from the product perspective. The products are easier to use. And we've had significant investments in usability, in integration, all of those things over the last several years after the last decade or two, which is culminated to the situation right now, where the product is so easy to use. I don't know if you recently that you saw this, it ran by my newsfeed this morning. But there was a high schooler in California, who used ANSYS simulation to simulate the loading of backpacks on students and the impact of a backpack. And they did that analysis using ANSYS simulation, they use granter, they use mechanical, they use a number of these products working together in order to come up with a with a solution and won a very prestigious award. That's an example of how easy the technology has been to -- has become to use for people where high schoolers are able to take, motivated high schoolers are able to take advantage of the technology. That's number one. Second thing is we continue to increase our level of investment with universities, we have presence in over 1,600 universities around the world. Cornell University teaches a massive online course using ANSYS, over a quarter of a million people have signed up for that. We've had millions of people downloading the student version of our products around the world. So there is broad based understanding of our technologies at the undergraduate level. And simulation is being taught as part of the curriculum. So graduating students are coming out aware of how to use simulation, aware of the value proposition, aware of the benefits, and aware of how to use ANSYS. And that is another aspect where the entering engineering workforce is very comfortable with this technology as opposed to a few decades ago. The other thing is, of course, the use of computing, we have continued to make the technology more efficient. We've also leveraging high performance computing, we're leveraging GPUs and with the overall broad-based availability of compute, that's making it easier for people to take advantage of simulation as well. So it's all of those things. It's work flows, its product capabilities, it’s ease of use, it's integration with the academia, all of the availability computing, all of that is really exciting. And frankly, I would encourage all of you to go to the most to our website, we have a magazine called ANSYS Advantage. And the most recent one, for example, talks about some academic success stories. And that'll give you some perspective of how we're more deeply engaging with the academic community as well.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: Hey, thanks for letting me ask a question here. Obviously, a good quarter, curious on kind of the linearity of strength. And then maybe if you were able to kind of discuss how things might be trending through October.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So Jason, can I just clarify your first question? I want to make sure I answer it correctly.
Jason Celino: Yes. So you talked about in earlier questions, you can't control when customers close deals. So I'm curious on the strength that you saw or the linearity of the activity through each month of the quarter.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, so I would say that, I mean, do you mean, in terms of when deals closed? I'd say that the linearity was somewhat more consistent, although I believe we saw a little bit more in the third month of the quarter. I'm just looking at the data here to make sure I've got it right. Yes, so we saw a little bit more in the third month of the quarter than we've seen it in prior quarters, but overall it's been largely consistent.
Jason Celino: Perfect. And then maybe just a quick housekeeping question. I think you made a small tuck-in acquisition, C&R Technologies. Again, small tuck-in, but how should we think about contribution for Q4, if there's any. Thanks.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, so C&R Technologies is closed yesterday November 1, let's check. Closed yesterday, and so we'll have $2 million I'm sorry, two months, not $2 million, two months of top line this year, it was a very, very small technology acquisition with a de minimis impact on the overall top line of the business. And maybe you could talk a little bit.
Ajei Gopal: Yes, just to jump in here. And while the transaction is obviously not material from a financial perspective, I just want to note that I'm really excited about the people who are joining the company as a result of joining ANSYS as a result of the acquisition of C&R. And, of course, the technology that C&R has built over the years. They're a leading provider of thermal analysis that used to optimize thermal systems. And they use in a number of applications, but most especially in the space in the satellite industry. So them -- their focus is on providing system level simulation for thermal and they've had a number of use cases. And they were, in fact being used as part of the James Webb telescope as well, where NASA use the C&R thermal desktop to provide a detailed thermal model of these optical and instrumentation systems. And it was used to predict things like transient profiles and gradients and heat flows as a payload transition from ambient to cryogenic conditions and back again. So by adding that to our portfolio, we will then be able to provide analysis to the customers, thermal analysis to customers from every stage from system design, all the way up to optimization from 1D tools, all the way up to 3D tools that gives us a comprehensive perspective. And then, of course, with the work that we're doing with space applications with a mission engineering suite of offerings. This further supports that and increases our competitiveness in that market as well.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andrew DeGasperi with Berenberg.
Andrew DeGasperi : Thanks for fitting me in. I just wanted to maybe ask a question on the large number of automotive deals you saw in Q3. I think it's Germany, if I'm looking at the revenue mix. Just wondering given the news, we're hearing about that region. Can you elaborate how long were those deals in the making, and maybe tell us if the macro political situation there is accelerating some of these deal closures, given the energy issues there and things like that.
Ajei Gopal: Yes, so if I can jump in and give you some color on automotive, I don't have exactly the numbers in front of me. So I will have to be a little bit more qualitative. So one of the countries that I was in a few weeks ago was Germany, I did have a chance to meet with automotive customers there. And certainly I did an Asia as well in Japan. And obviously, I spent time with our teams. Look, again, it's the same value proposition that we're dealing with the automotive industry is looking at technologies like electrification, and they're recognizing that they need to make investments to be able to move more aggressively, and consider the future of their product lines and how they're going to evolve their product line. So that's one area. In autonomy, whilst it's true that full-fledged autonomy people are recognizing is a more difficult problem to solve. There is a tremendous amount of investment, certainly in making sure ADS happens, which is safety features. And so there continues to be investment in those areas. When you consider both electrification and autonomy, these are not traditional internal combustion engine, traditional views of how a car is built, these are incremental, different, it's a different approach. It's different skills. It's different tooling, it is different technologies. And as these companies are scaling up both the OEMs as well as the tier ones and the supply chain in general. They're facing pressures to start to think differently. And that's where simulation comes in. So we have an opportunity to continue to monetize those relationships and to continue to support our customers. And that's, I think, where we see strength in automotive.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. And so just to give a little bit of color on the question you asked. The overall growth in EMEA was strong to reinforce Ajei’s point or on the backup of that in automotive. Automotive was a strong quarter in EMEA. There were several seven figure sales automotive companies really focused on things that Ajei mentioned electrification and autonomous vehicle. But high tech, the high-tech industry was also an area of strength in Q3, which was an element of the performance around EMEA.
Kelsey DeBriyn : Hi, operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: And our question will come from Ken Wong with Oppenheimer. It appears Ken has disconnected. And that will come from Adam Borg with Stifel.
Adam Borg: Hey, guy, thanks so much for fitting me in. Maybe just a quick housekeeping item. I know earlier this year; you guys made a price increase. I think back in July. I was just curious. Maybe Nicole, you could help understand kind of what kind of benefit that had in the quarter? And how should we think about that in coming quarters?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, thanks for the question. Yes, we mentioned I think it was on the last call, we had done a strategic review of the portfolio to identify some targeted areas where we thought that the relative value that we provide versus the pricing in the market was maybe a little askew. And so we did some targeted price increases on a subset of elements of the portfolio in July. Now, just to provide some context. So the underlying yield from that is, of course, embedded in our guidance, because we did an in July. But what I would say is that even the price increase in July, our sales cycles tend to be three to six months long on average. And when you look at the larger deals that you see in Q4, many of those are -- you're starting those conversations in January. And so our expectation with that price increase is that it would have relatively less impact in 2022.
Operator:
Kelsey DeBriyn: That's all the time we have today. I'm going to turn it over to Ajei for some closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: Thanks, Kelsey. I'm excited by our outstanding performance in Q3 and thus far in 2022, along with our robust pipeline and deep customer relationships. These factors, along with a diversified business and laser focus on execution are giving us momentum as we close out the year and move into 2023. And I'm confident in our ability to achieve the ambitious long-term goals we announced during our investor update. Thank you to my colleagues at ANSYS for your dedication to our customers and to advancing the state of art, save the art of simulation. And thank you all for attending today's call. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your line at this time.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ANSYS Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, President and Chief Executive Officer; Nicole Anasenes, Chief Financial Officer; and Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President, Investor Relations. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please also note today's event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. DeBriyn for opening remarks. Please go ahead.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release, the related prepared remarks document and the link to our second quarter 2022 Form 10-Q have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website. They contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our second quarter financial results and business update, as well as our Q3 and updated fiscal year 2022 outlook and the key underlying quantitative and qualitative assumptions. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Important factors that may affect our future results are discussed in our public filings. Forward-looking statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information. During this call, we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and reconciliations of GAAP to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release materials. I would now like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Q2 was yet another excellent quarter for ANSYS, where we once again beat across our key metrics including revenue, ACV, operating margin and earnings per share. That, coupled with our healthy pipeline, gives us further confidence in the business and has enabled us to raise our full year guidance on ACV and revenue in constant currency. Nicole will have the details in a few minutes. Our largest contract of the quarter was a three-year, nearly $25 million agreement with an international electronics brand. This new contract includes ANSYS solutions for semiconductors, electronics, fluids, as well as our Learning Hub to make users more familiar and productive with our software. By standardizing on ANSYS solutions, this customer expects to increase its products yield while decreasing verification time for signal and power integrity. Another multimillion-dollar agreement in Q2 enables an international automotive OEM to expand its usage to include ANSYS solutions for enterprise-level materials intelligence, electromagnetic interference and autonomous driving. This customer has already realized up to 5x improvements in aerodynamics and thermal engineering productivity, a reduction of more than 40% in material properties acquisition costs and a 10% improvement in hydrogen storage for its fuel cells. From a geographical perspective, we saw strong revenue growth from Asia Pacific and EMEA and the Americas came in as expected. Our 36% constant currency growth in revenue in Asia Pacific was thanks to several large contracts, including one with Murata Manufacturing, a Japanese company that specializes in electronic components. With Murata, the multiyear agreement spans our multiphysics portfolio and provides the company with an important thermal aware system simulation flow for radio frequency modules. This solution is expected to provide faster thermal sign-off by reducing the number of redesigns and by improving the ease of use of ANSYS products through a single interface. From an industry perspective, the high-tech and semiconductor, aerospace and defense and automotive and ground transportation sectors were again our largest contributors. We also saw continued strength in the energy space, reflecting a mix of traditional and renewable use cases as well as in the industrial equipment sector, where we recorded a number of multiyear agreements from companies around the world. For example, longtime customer WEG, a global leader in electrical engineering, power and automation technology signed a multiyear contract in Q2 to standardize on ANSYS simulation. This new agreement will help the Brazilian company rethink its product development process by creating and implementing digital twins of its motors. This agreement will drive WEG's electrification and green energy initiatives. Now I'd like to briefly mention a different kind of customer success story. I would like to congratulate NASA and Northrop Grumman on the success of the James Webb Space Telescope. We have all seen the stunning images that have come from this largest and most precise optical instrument ever developed, and we are proud here at ANSYS for the role that we played in its creation. Naturally, it was impossible to physically test the entire mission before launch. And given the unforgiving environment of space, the mission had to run as expected the first time. Any era would have cost billions of dollars in expenses with perhaps an even greater scientific loss. That is why the team developed the rocket, the telescope and the entire mission in part using ANSYS simulation. With ANSYS, engineers overcame a number of unique challenges, including folding a structure of the size of a tennis court into a rocket, and then unfolding it. And then understanding how perpetual solar radiation would affect its operations. Engineers use ANSYS mechanical to identify solutions to ensure the satellites' connected segment and mirror would behave the same way of monolithic mirror would. Our optical solutions were used to design and test each step in the mirror alignment process from the initial segment search to the final phasing. In addition, Mission Planer has used our digital mission engineering solutions to test variables that impact how the satellite is launched and to determine how to keep the satellite stationary 1 million miles from Earth. And the results, well they're simply out of this world. Turning to our leadership in solutions to multiphysics simulation. Our customers now have access to ANSYS 2022 Release 2, a comprehensive set of solutions and capabilities that cross physics, engineering disciplines and industries. Included in this release are machine learning techniques in our core products, which are automatically optimizing repetitive processes, predicting workflows and enhancing user productivity. We have also delivered artificial intelligence technology that enables customers to perform massive design optimization studies to arrive at an optimal design in a fraction of the time once required. This release also provides new high-performance computing capabilities and custom workflows for industry-specific applications, which will help more users address computationally complex problems by examining the impact of multiple physics at the same time. This added functionality is extending our multiphysics leadership, while enabling customers to make their next-generation products a reality. I am also excited that TSMC recently certified ANSYS' Power Integrity software for its industry-leading N4P and N3E process technologies. The certification for ANSYS RedHawk SC and ANSYS Totem enables next-generation silicon designs for machine learning, connectivity and high-performance computing applications. I'm also pleased to announce that ANSYS has joined the Intel Foundry Services Cloud Alliance. Our electronics and semiconductor suite, which includes ANSYS RedHawk SC, ANSYS HFSS and ANSYS RaptorX, are available as part of the design flow that will help enable Intel customers to enhance their productivity. Rounding out our partner updates, Samsung Foundry has announced that it is using ANSYS' industry-leading multiphysics solutions to develop designs on the most advanced chips, nodes and process technologies. Using ANSYS, Samsung Foundry will deliver a comprehensive design flow with greater capacity, speed and integration capabilities for the company's most advanced semiconductor technology to boost high-speed connectivity while helping to reduce design error and risk. On our last call, I discussed the role that ANSYS solutions are playing in our customers' sustainability initiatives, including for increasing fuel efficiency, in driving electrification and in decreasing the rate of emissions. We have recently created a cross-functional Center of Excellence composed of members of our development and consulting teams to advance sustainability initiatives for our customers and partners. Our subject matter experts are focused on how ANSYS simulation can help accelerate the creation of new, more efficient and lower-impact products beginning at the design and development phase. As part of our own sustainability endeavors, ANSYS is committed to reducing our environmental footprint. To that end, we have announced that we have set a 15% reduction of Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2027. To hit that target, we are implementing projects identified in energy audits, including lighting enhancements and on-site renewable energy. We recently submitted to the Carbon Disclosure Project for the third year in a row, and continue to enhance our task force on climate-related financial disclosures. I am also excited to announce that Fast Company has recognized several ANSYS employees with its world-changing Ideas Award for the ANSYS Minerva template. This template is built in our Minerva solution for simulation process and data management, and provides an FDA guided approval process for medical devices to speed potentially life-saving products to patients more quickly. I'm also proud that ANSYS has been certified as the Most Loved Workplace by the Best Practice Institute. This honor was bestowed on ANSYS because of our collaboration, our corporate values and practices as well as the outcomes we drive and demonstrates why we are an employer of choice. Next week, we'll have an opportunity to discuss ANSYS' longer-term business and financial goals as part of our investor update. I'm looking forward to further explaining the expansive role that simulation is playing in product development and sharing with you how ANSYS has become a trusted business partner with some of the top brands around the world. To summarize, Q2 was another excellent quarter for ANSYS, resulting in us beating our guidance across all key metrics. Our business momentum, our expanded product leadership and the ongoing strength of our customer pipeline gives me even more confidence in our ability to meet our outlook for 2022. And with that, I will turn the call over to Nicole. Nicole?
Nicole Anasenes: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Let me take a few minutes to add some additional perspective on our second quarter financial performance and provide context for our outlook and assumptions for Q3 and full year 2022. The second quarter demonstrated the strength of our business as we delivered robust growth during the quarter and beat our financial guidance across all key metrics. ACV was strong and better than our guidance. Revenue, operating margin and EPS exceeded the high end of our Q2 guidance, driven by ACV outperformance and the mix of license types sold in the quarter. Now let me discuss some of our Q2 financial highlights. Q2 ACV was $460.3 million and grew year-over-year 7% or 13% in constant currency. We saw strong performance across all geographic regions and industries. ACV from recurring sources grew 14% in constant currency year-over-year on a trailing 12-month basis. This momentum in recurring ACV growth is driven by the strong annuity created by our ongoing shift towards subscription lease licenses. ACV from recurring sources represented 81% of the total in the second quarter. Q2 total revenue was $475.9 million and grew 5% or 12% in constant currency, which, as I mentioned, exceeded the high end of our guidance, driven by outperforming our expected ACV. Asia Pacific and EMEA drove strong Q2 revenue growth. We had robust top line performance in Q2, with ACV and revenue both growing double digit in constant currency at 13% and 12%, respectively. In both Q2 and the first half, we executed against our business model of double-digit growth, including tuck-in M&A. We closed the quarter with a total balance of GAAP deferred revenue and backlog of almost $1.2 billion, which grew 27% year-over-year. During the quarter, we continued to deliver a business model with strong operating leverage. This yielded a solid second quarter gross margin of 91% and an operating margin of 40.7%, which was better than our guidance. Operating margin was positively impacted by outperforming on revenue as well as the timing of investments that have moved into the second half of the year. The result was second quarter EPS of $1.77, which was also better than our guidance. Similar to operating margin, EPS benefited from strong revenue results and the timing of investments. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 18%, the tax rate we expect for the remainder of 2022. Our cash flow from operations in the second quarter totaled $118.9 million, which benefited from continued strong collections. We ended the quarter with $517.6 million of cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet. Now let me turn to the topic of guidance. The underlying momentum in our business and demand for our best-in-class portfolio continues to be strong. We are operationally increasing our outlook on ACV revenue, EPS and operating cash flow for the full year. We delivered a robust Q2, and our strong 2022 forecast reflects our continued breadth and depth of customer demand. However, offsetting our first half performance and strong full year outlook is continued and significant U.S. dollar strengthening, which impacts the exchange rates embedded in our guidance. Let me start with our full year 2022 guidance. We are raising the midpoint of our ACV guidance by 1.6 points of constant currency growth compared to our May guidance. We expect our full year ACV outlook to be in the range of $1.98 billion to $2.020 billion. This represents growth of 5.8% to 8%, or 11.3% to 13.5% in constant currency and a midpoint of $2 billion, which puts us on track to achieve the 2019 Investor Day target. For additional context, the $2 billion midpoint of our ACV guidance when translated at 2019 foreign exchange rates would equal approximately $2.07 billion and would exceed our 2019 Investor Day ACV target. Our full year ACV raise is driven by the strong performance we saw in Q2 and improved forecast and momentum we see in the business, especially for Q3. That underlying improvement drove a full year ACV operational increase of $29 million relative to our May guidance. This operational momentum was offset by $19 million of foreign exchange headwind. Turning to revenue. We expect revenue to be in the range of $2.005 billion to $2.055 billion, which is growth of 3.8% to 6.4% or 9.2% to 11.8% in constant currency. We are raising the midpoint of our revenue guidance by one point of constant currency growth compared to our May guidance. This raise is driven by the strong revenue performance we saw in Q2 and improved forecast we see for the rest of the year. That underlying improvement drove a full year revenue operational increase of $18 million relative to our May guidance. This operational momentum was offset by $23 million of foreign exchange headwind. As a result, we expect our full year EPS to be in the range of $7.50 to $7.88. Relative to our May guidance, our full year EPS increased $0.07 from better operational performance, which was offset by $0.12 of foreign exchange headwind. As a reminder, some of our strong Q2 EPS performance was driven by the timing of investments that moved from Q2 to the second half of the year. We continue to expect our full year operating margin to be in the range of 41% to 42%. Given the rapidly changing interest rate environment, we thought it would be helpful to provide full year interest expense for your modeling purposes. As a reminder, our term loan structure has floating interest rates and rising interest rates will continue to impact interest expense. Our current outlook projects our full year 2022 interest expense to be $22 million, up almost $10 million from last year. Now let me turn to our full year operating cash flow guidance. Our 2022 outlook is a range of $570 million to $610 million. Relative to our May guidance, our full year operating cash flow increased $6 million from better operational performance, which was offset by $6 million of foreign exchange headwind. Also note on a year-over-year basis operating cash flow continues to face nonoperational headwinds, including the timing impact of R&E capitalization regulations and higher interest expense, given rising interest rates. Since January 2022, we have seen significant U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the euro and Japanese yen. The trajectory of the movement of these currencies has been outsized relative to typical currency fluctuation impacts. When compared to the 2021 currency rates, our 2022 guidance is negatively impacted on ACV by approximately $100 million and an operating cash flow by approximately $35 million. Notwithstanding the negative impact of exchange rates, our underlying business is operationally strong and has considerable momentum. Now let me turn to guidance for Q3. For the third quarter, we expect ACV in the range of $392 million to $412 million and revenue in the range of $455 million to $475 million. Our outlook implies double-digit ACV constant currency growth for Q3 and the full year 2022, in line with our business model of double-digit growth, including tuck-in M&A. We expect Q3 operating margin in the range of 37.8% to 39.4% and EPS in the range of $1.56 to $1.70. Further details around specific currency rates, interest expense and other assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for 2022 and Q3 are contained in the prepared remarks document. We have a strong forecast, diversified business model and high level of recurring ACV, all of which contribute to our confidence in our outlook and the underlying momentum of our business. This is reflected in the increased outlook for constant currency ACV and revenue growth and the operational improvements in our cash flow outlook. To the entire ANSYS team, thank you for your outstanding execution in the quarter, which drove our robust Q2 financial performance and continued momentum going into the second half of the year. We once again delivered a strong quarter, which coupled with our recurring business model and growing sales forecast, demonstrated the strength of the ANSYS business. We are well positioned to deliver on our 2022 outlook as well as our long-term strategy. I am more confident than ever in our future. Operator, we will now open the phone line to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ken Wong with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Ken Wong: Great. Thank you for taking my questions. I guess what I wanted to just kind of check into is just the commentary that you guys both provided very strong, very robust. As far as macro goes, just wondering what type of macro environment are you predicting for the second half as we think about this -- the elevated guide?
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. Thanks for your question, Ken. So yes, as we pointed out, as we pointed out in our guidance, we have -- we are seeing -- we're really seeing underlying strong momentum in the business. The beat to the Q2 numbers was really kind of evidence of continuing broad-based building pipeline. And as we -- now that we're in the second half of the year, we have a much clearer visibility to kind of what that second half pipeline looks like and kind of how it will land over the next couple of quarters. And while we're certainly very sensitized to the macro environment overall and what's occurring with the rest of the tech industry, our business is highly exposed to R&D. And as you recall, R&D is usually the last thing to go off and the first thing to come back on when they're tightening. And so we're just not seeing the same level of constraint that may be some other parts of the tech sector are seeing. And the outlook of our guidance really reflects the broad-based demand across industries, geographies and customer segments that we saw in Q2 and that we kind of see coming into the pipeline in the back half of the year.
Ajei Gopal: Just to amplify the point that Nicole was making, I mean, many of our customers they're certainly aware of these broader geopolitical concerns and pressures that we all see, but they continue to face competitive pressures. And they've got multiyear product road maps that they've been driving. And frankly, that's where simulation comes in. Simulation helps them to deal with some of the competitive pressures that they're dealing with. It allows them to innovate more rapidly. And at the same time, it allows them to save money and time because we can reduce reliance on physical testing, we can reduce warranty costs and so forth. And so the value proposition for simulation, which is it helps our customers both drive top line growth as well as achieve bottom line savings, that value proposition is really a compelling value proposition, and that's, I think, what we're seeing in the market.
Ken Wong: Got it. And if I could maybe just a quick follow-up for you, Ajei. Look, you highlighted areas of strength from a verticals perspective, auto, aero. Tech remain really strong. Are there any end markets that you feel maybe are still catching up to some of their peers in terms of maybe seeing heavier COVID or macro pressures that could potentially kind of open up as macro does improve?
Ajei Gopal: No. I think -- as I said in the comments, our performance was pretty consistent across the verticals as we expected to see. Certainly, the bigger verticals are high-tech and semiconductor, aerospace and defense, automotive and ground transportation, but we saw strength in other areas as well. So nothing specifically to note in terms of explicit areas of consideration or concern.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. I guess a question on seasonality in the business. I think in the past, you've talked about maybe ANSYS increasingly having a skew of -- into 4Q, just given ACV generation with bigger enterprise customers signing multiyear agreements. Just given where the guidance stands currently, it looks like a really strong 3Q and then proportionately less coming from 4Q relative to a year ago. Is that in any way reflecting SMB versus enterprise activity? Or is it maybe just leaving you some wiggle room or cushion to get 3Q under your belt and then have more visibility on 4Q?
Nicole Anasenes: Joe, thanks for the question. So how I would characterize the second half guidance is just much clearer visibility to where deals land. As you know, we've transitioned to a multiyear lease subscription model over the past couple of years. And so as you move into that multiyear lease model, your kind of timing of when the renewal base happens both within the quarter and across the quarters and within the years, can start to shift over time. And so I would characterize the second half as the kind of clearest visibility we have from where we're sitting today, which is quite clear once you get into the second half because your sales cycles tend to be three to six months long. So you have a little bit more clarity in terms of what the timing of those things may line up to. So I would characterize it -- I think it's maybe a little bit slightly -- it's slightly stronger from a growth rate standpoint. I think the overall skew is pretty similar to prior quarters. It might be a little bit heavier weighted into Q3 than maybe last year. But I would characterize it as kind of a reflection of the timing of the yield of the pipeline we see today with a slightly stronger Q4 growth rate as a result of the year-to-year compare.
Ajei Gopal: And operationally, when you think about it, I mean the sales team manages relationships with the customers. And obviously, as Nicole said, there's a lot of timing around that in terms of when projects are kicked off in activity. So that drives the timing of some of the larger deals as well.
Joe Vruwink: And  nothing specific to your SMB customer base, if there's been maybe one takeaway this earnings season, there's maybe initial indications of moderation as opposed to enterprise being quite strong. But nothing in your kind of forecast that would call out one segment versus the other?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. No. I mean what -- the kind of -- the SMB customer base is reflected in kind of our geography and momentum. Momentum accounts primarily continue to be consistent in what they deliver. They're consistent with what we expected coming into the year. The second half pipeline is consistent with what we would have expected to see. And when you look again at the mix of Q3 versus Q4 ACV, I mean they're pretty close in terms of percentages. So in terms of the percentage of ACV that occurred last year versus this year, the growth rates again might be a little bit skewed.
Joe Vruwink: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good morning. Ajei, in your prepared remarks, you gave some examples of multi-solution sales with some of the larger transactions. And of course, that's been going on for some time now. When you look at your pipeline for the remainder of the year or for the next 12 months, could you comment on that multi-solutions component of the pipeline? And within that, I'd be especially interested in anything you're seeing in terms of incremental demand or contribution from any role of Minerva, the materials business, which you highlighted. And any of the other more recent acquisitions such as Phoenix and MST and [Miracle], then I have a follow-up.
Ajei Gopal: So Jay, as you know, I mean, we've been on this journey towards multiphysics sales quite for some time now, and we continue to execute along that direction as you pointed out. And certainly, our pipeline, especially as you consider the larger enterprise customers, our pipeline very much includes solutions that comprise of products from multiple parts of our portfolio. And so the multiphysics message is strong. It addresses what customers are looking for. We have been a pioneer in that space, and we continue to see benefit from that, and we certainly see traction from customers as we continue to support them. So absolutely, as we look ahead, we have multiphysics activity and multiple product sales into our customer base, certainly at the larger end, but it's also increasingly -- as you start to look down the pyramid, we see multiphysics capabilities penetrating into the customer base. So I think that's very important. You mentioned a couple of product lines. Obviously, we don't give quantitative breakouts by products, but I can give you some qualitative color. You asked about Minerva. I gave you, I think in the script, I mentioned some of the workflows that we've put in place in the health care area. Minerva continues to be an important aspect managing simulation data given the amount of simulation information that's being created by our customers, managing that simulation data effectively is important, and that's -- Minerva plays a role in that. Materials, I've also mentioned -- and I think I mentioned in a couple of places, certainly in the past couple of calls, materials is also important, and we certainly recognize customers as they start to go through design optimization opportunities the choice of materials is really important. Materials plays another interesting role in sustainability as well because when you consider the long-term compliance with regulations about materials that could be used, understanding the materials within our product design, something which could potentially take a number of years from design into actual implementation, really understanding what's in the product that's being built to make sure that you're compliant with the most recent regulations, that's also important. And so that's another area where materials comes in. Model basis and engineering, we continue to make progress in that area. It's really across the board where we have been able to have -- build on the strength of our ANSYS, traditional ANSYS products. We've supplemented that with acquisitions as and when appropriate, as it makes sense given our strategy. And we've continued to build the portfolio out to something that I'm very excited about and I know our customers are very excited about.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Nicole, you made the interesting point that at 2019 rates your 2022 ACV guidance would be $2.07 billion, which would imply a three-year CAGR for ACV at constant currency of about 12%. Maybe we'll talk about this next week on the investor call. But is that, do you think, a sustainable ACV CAGR for the next number of years? Or if it were to accelerate, what would be the catalyst for that?
Nicole Anasenes: Thanks, Jay. Yes. So as you pointed out, we have our investor update scheduled for next week. We're really looking forward to sharing that long-term guidance with you next week. But what I -- so I can't comment about the future. But certainly, it's not too long before we can comment on the future. So stay tuned. But yes, I mean what we have stated and what we continue to be confident in is a business model of double-digit growth, including tuck-in M&A. I think if you look at the course of this year, we have consistently delivered it in the second quarter in the half -- in our outlook for the second half of the year. We're squarely on that model, and we're really confident given the strength of demand from our customers, the success of our business model transition and our sales model transition, and just the portfolio that we have that is broader and deeper than anything else available in the market. So yes, we're looking forward to talking in more detail about those things next week.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: See u then. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blair Abernethy with Rosenblatt Securities. Please go ahead.
Blair Abernethy: Thank you. And nice quarter, guys. Just Ajei, just following on Jay's questioning. In terms of standardization, on the ANSYS platform, you mentioned in the WEG win that they've decided to standardize on ANSYS. And this is something that's been around for a few years. Is this a trend that you're starting to see pick up steam at all? And are you positioning or are you trying to help customers get more towards standardizing their simulation needs on your product set?
Ajei Gopal: Well, I think it's a reflection of the fact that we have a broad platform and capability that allows us to be able to address the needs of our customers. And it's really the breadth and the depth of the portfolio that gives us the credibility to have those conversations with customers. And frankly, we believe we are differentiated in the marketplace because of the breadth and the depth of our portfolio. So if you talk to customers, they'll tell you they value the accuracy of what we do, they'll tell you they value the completeness of our solutions and our offerings. They'll tell you how we continue to innovate and invest in our portfolio. And they know that when they are making an investment in ANSYS, they're not just buying the product that we have today, they know that we're continuing to make investments, and we will continue to enhance the portfolio, and we'll make things better. And we'll deal with the challenges that they're likely to face in the future as well. So I think that gives us a tailwind when we go into some of these broader conversations. It is a difficult market to do wholesale replacements for one code base to another. If a customer is using a particular simulation for a number of years, they may continue to use that same simulation code for some period of time. So it does take some planning to do whole-scale replacements. But we're seeing more of that, and we're seeing competitive wins where we're replacing customers within customers, where we are replacing competitors who have been present for some number of years, and the customers made the decision to come to ANSYS, which we feel is a better choice. And obviously, the customer has also felt it's a better choice. So we're seeing that take place as well. So the dynamic is -- is, I think, driven by the strength of the product portfolio and the investments that we're making.
Blair Abernethy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tyler Radke with Citi. Please go ahead.
Tyler Radke: Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. So you clearly delivered really strong double-digit ACV growth this quarter on a pretty difficult comp. You talked about not really seeing any demand impacts from your customers and the recurring piece of ACV is growing double digits as well. I guess I'm curious if you feel like the business has kind of hit an inflection point where that double-digit growth is sustainable? And I'm just curious if you think that's something related to the go-to market or the product strategy. If you could just comment on -- if you think that the business has kind of hit an inflection here.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So why don't I start. And then, Ajei, why don't you add any context to that? So thanks, Tyler, for your question. Yes, I mean I think what I would say is that the consistency of the performance throughout the year in the first half and the outlook for the second half is again on our model of double-digit growth, including tuck-in M&A. And we've been able to pretty consistently deliver that. I mean if you go back over the past couple of years and you look at heading into the end of 2022, our guide of $2 billion of ACV at the midpoint is consistent with guidance we gave in 2019 before there was a global pandemic, before there were significant shifts in the trade environment, and the underlying macro environment that we have today, which has had a significant impact on foreign exchange rates. And so I think that if you look back at the investments that we've made in the business to transition to a highly recurring subscription lease model, transition our go-to-market to build deeper customer relationships and build alongside their long-term road maps. And then the organic and the inorganic investments in our portfolio have all been really important factors in setting us up to be able to consistently deliver that model. And so we're really pleased with the performance of the business this year and the outlook that we're able to give for the rest of the year, and look forward to updating you guys a little bit more on what's to come. I don't know, Ajei, if there's anything you'd like to add to that?
Ajei Gopal: Yes. I think you'll hear some more next week at our investor update. But certainly, as Nicole was saying, this is -- we've been making investments over the last several years. And as I mentioned just earlier in this call, the strength of the product portfolio, I think, is really added to our ability to support our customers, and that obviously helps tremendously in the market. That's number one. And as you pointed out, the go-to-market has also been really important. We've gone through a process of transforming over the last several years of go to market. And we have great customer relationships. We continue to maintain those great customer relationships we have momentum. And our customers know that we support them and they know they can rely on us. And so when you start to put all of that together, it creates an environment where the value of simulation shines through, and our customers recognize that they can take advantage of ANSYS in order to achieve their own business objectives.
Tyler Radke: Thank you. And as my follow-up, I just wanted to clarify the performance. It looked like EMEA and APAC, in particular, were really strong, growing 30% or better. U.S. was actually down year-over-year. Could you just talk about what drove that large variance in geographic performance? And just anything to call out how we're thinking about international growth assumptions for the full year versus the U.S. Thank you.
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. So let me start with the broader point on kind of just some statement about quarterly revenue dynamics in general, right? So ASC 606 introduces a lot of volatility. And when you have mix differences in license compare on a year-over-year basis within a quarter, sometimes you get a lot of volatility. You get much more of it down at the geographic level. And so there's often not always consistency between the overall ACV growth in a region or in a market versus revenue growth. And that's why we kind of focused on longer-term revenue metrics and longer-term ACV metrics. But to answer your question specifically, let me start with Asia Pacific and EMEA. I mean, both had -- well, let me just start with -- as we stated in our prepared remarks, all markets -- we saw growth in all markets from an ACV standpoint, which is kind of that key metric of momentum. And from a revenue standpoint, as you point out, APAC and EMEA really did have great performance. I'd say there's a couple of dynamics going on there. In EMEA, we saw some pretty broad-based performance across all of our key industries in the high tech. We had a multiyear 8-figure sale to a European telecommunications company in aerospace and defense. We had several 7-figure contracts with customers and even in industrial equipment. Also saw strong Q2 where we signed an 8-figure deal with the German industrial machine manufacturer. So we saw strength in Europe across multiple industries. And in APAC, I mean APAC, again, is another quarter of consistently delivering growth in Asia Pacific. And it was -- the growth was particularly strong in our geography and momentum accounts. And in terms of large deals, we also saw it across multiple industries, high-tech auto. And it was really broad-based. And so to put this one into context, the management team in APAC really has been investing in deeper customer relationships and stuck with those customers through the pandemic. So that transformation of the go-to-market model and kind of aligning to the strategic road maps of your customers, and really being there for them in their time of need is really paying off in the consistent growth that we're seeing from the Asia Pacific region. Now to your question on Americas, again, as I will emphasize all regions grew, all regions grew ABB. Americas over the last 12 months has really been leading the company and delivering value for our customers. And we're expecting the region to be a strong performer in 2022 and beyond. In the second quarter, revenue did decline, but it was really expected. There was -- the growth year-to-year was impacted by a compare of Q2 '21, which had several large high-tech and automotive perpetual and multiyear lease sales. So again, the revenue dynamic in Americas was really a function of the 606 accounting and the comparability. Overall, we've just seen very consistent growth and performance across all geos.
Tyler Radke: Thanks for the detail. Look forward to the Analyst Day.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
David Ridley-Lane: Good morning. This is David Ridley-Lane on for Andrew. We have the opportunity to attend a demo of the ANSYS Twin Builder a few months back. Just curious, how is that product growing relative to your internal plans? And what is the kind of feedback you're getting from the market?
Ajei Gopal: So obviously, we don't provide financial breakdowns on a per product basis. But let me give you some perspective on where we are with Twin Builder and the broader concept of digital twins. So the whole idea here is that with the digital twin, you're trying to create a digital equivalent of a product. And this is something that can transition from the design phase where typically our customers build 3D models, into the operation phase, where the digital twin, which is a simplified model of that full-fledged 3D model that's used for design, where that digital twin can be used for things like predictive maintenance, can be used for determining equipment uptime, replacement schedules and things of that nature. So we've seen certainly a lot of customer interest in that space. It's still early days. What we're demonstrating to customers is that physics-based digital twins, which is essentially what we do, coupled with some understanding of statistical techniques, when you put that together, which we encapsulate into our offerings, that provides them with tremendous accuracy with respect to some of the predictive maintenance capabilities that I just mentioned. So we continue to see interest in -- with customers. We continue to see momentum in that space. It's still relatively early days. It's still a relatively small market. Many customers are excited about the fact that we can do digital twins. They will lead with that conversation. And then they'll transition to other parts of the portfolio as well. So it's a great piece of the portfolio, and we're excited about the long-term future for this product area.
David Ridley-Lane: Sounds good. And just maybe a quick one for Nicole. On the recent tuck-in acquisitions, did they have much benefit to ACV or revenue in 2022?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. The tuck-in acquisitions, I think we may have talked about that in the last call. They're very small tuck-ins. The on-scale acquisitions, a technology play, it was -- we're really excited about it. It's a really complementary aspect to organic development in the space of native cloud. And so -- but that's a pretty immaterial contribution. And the Motor-CAD acquisition was actually a product that we OEM-ed. And so the net increment on the top line to that was immaterial as well. Just as a reminder, Zemax, we did give a guidance on Zemax, which is about $20 million of inorganic impact this year. And so that would be -- we see it consistent to how we've seen in prior quarters in terms of what the inorganic impact of Zemax would be. So does that answered the question.
David Ridley-Lane: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks for fitting me in here. Ajei, maybe for you. I mean, since we're talking about M&A, I was wondering if you can just talk about the forward opportunity for tuck-in M&A. How do you feel about just the number of opportunities out there. And of course, as valuations hopefully adjust and with ANSYS' strong balance sheet, can you just talk about that part of the strategy and kind of how that plays into the total growth algorithm?
Ajei Gopal: Yes. So as I -- as we've always said, we think about -- when we think about the future of our industry and where we need to go, we think about the combination of organic development, partnerships and acquisitions. So it's the -- it's always build, partner, buy. And that's -- those are the considerations that we bring into the equation as we think about the future of our portfolio. And in that context, we are always looking out to see if there are M&A opportunities that are consistent with our strategy. Where we believe that we're disciplined investors, we're careful when we go into an M&A situation. We look carefully to make sure that there is the strategic value that we need. And that's how we think about the overall opportunity. And with valuations, valuations obviously have come down, and maybe that is a buying opportunity. But with quality, quality always is expensive. And so we want to make sure that we have the right technology and capability of products that we're in a position -- or companies that we're in a position to buy. Look, we're the -- you should know that we see most of the deals that are in our space, I mean -- because obviously, they get presented to us. And we are always -- when we look to that analysis, we look to make sure that we have great technology that we're bringing in. And if the technology is too far from the core, if we don't see a connection to our existing portfolio or go-to market, we pass. We've got a very rigorous process for diligence. We evaluate the core technology. We evaluate the stickiness of customer relationships. And when the technology isn't strong enough or customer relationships are superficial or we don't see strategic connections, we pass. So we're disciplined about this. But certainly, we will continue to evaluate M&A as and when it's appropriate in order to advance our strategy.
Saket Kalia: Got it, got it. That makes a lot of sense. Nicole, maybe for my follow-up for you. Just to the earlier points on the multiyear license model, which we've seen, obviously, a very successful transition over many years. Now that we've had sort of several years of this model with good data on renewals, I'm wondering if you've looked at sort of a net revenue retention or net retention sort of rate on those renewals? And if you can talk to that, even qualitatively.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So I can give you -- why don't I kind of give you two lenses to that. So we -- why don't we start with just kind of the overall qualitative description of what drives the kind of overall high retention rates we have. And again, when we talk about retention rates around 90%, we're talking about the renewal of the original content, not kind of the net renewal, which includes new growth on top of that, right? So it would just be the renewal of that. . And so maybe just start a little bit with kind of the kind of strategic relationship strategy around multiyear leases. So as we engage with our customers, we engage with them on what is the outlook for the product road map going forward, whether it's the mix of physics that may be required and solutions to be able to kind of work against that road map. And we signed those multiyear lease agreements with them, kind of aligned to that overall road map. Now as you know, the world changes. And it doesn't -- just because it may be a two or three-year renewal ahead doesn't mean that customers' needs don't change, they don't grow. They buy companies. The competitive dynamics change. And so we are in a constantly ongoing relationship with those clients on a year-after-year basis in kind of preparing for that renewal that comes up. And so when we think about it from kind of that renewal of the renewal base coming up at the end of the three-year license, we have already had multiple years of conversations with those customers about the road map. And we have a lot of clarity around not only kind of what is the content that they'll continue to renew, but what are the new growth areas on top of that, that will extend them into the next chapter of their multiyear agreement. And so the relationships we have -- and this was part of the strategic selling transition model that we made over time. It was initially with a small subset of enterprise customers that, over the past five years, the go-to-market teams have really translated those best practices through the broader segmentations of our customer base and even into supporting the channel and having those conversations as well. And so that is the mode of strategic selling that really it does support those -- not only those very high retention rates that we talk about went up, but also the ability to continue to grow on top of that.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Very helpful, thanks.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Borg with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question and fitting me in. Maybe just for Ajei, on the cloud. I haven't heard too much about that today, and I'm sure we'll talk a lot about it more next week. But just any updates on your various cloud ambition, including the recent on-scale acquisition that was just referenced. Thanks so much.
Ajei Gopal: So yes, I think you'll hear more about this next week. But very quickly -- in a previous call, I talked about how the engineering simulation software, a market that we participated in, is quite different from traditional enterprise applications. And we talked about the importance of high-performance computing to our users. And obviously, remember that a single engineer could run an ANSYS simulation that runs across hundreds of compute nodes for multiple hours. And so what we have got as part of our cloud strategy is a very -- I think, a very thoughtful approach that addresses the needs of our customers. And it's to really enable our customers, both existing and new, to be able to benefit from the insights of physics-based simulation and optimization, as well as to be able to scale out -- or to support the scale-out capabilities in the cloud. We've got two distinct classes of offerings, Cloud Marketplace and Cloud Native. We've talked at length, I think, in past calls, about some of the Cloud Marketplace offerings in -- I think, in the previous quarter and the one before that. So I'll skip that in the interest of time. But with respect to Cloud Native, that's when we're targeting new users and new use cases. And we're creating a cloud-based platform for the development and the deployment of new workflows. And our recent acquisition, as you said, of OnScale, which is the leader in cloud-based simulation, that's accelerating our ability to be able to do that. And they bring -- they brought a host of critical capabilities that will allow us to develop a new set of services. And frankly, the integration of what OnScale is doing in ANSYS is a powerful combination. So one example is OnScale's cloud-native user interface connected to our industry-leading simulation solvers in the back end. So we're excited about cloud. It's -- we have, I think, a very thoughtful and robust strategy. It's still early days. We do offer customers a variety of capabilities as they need it, when they need it. We believe that our capabilities are flexible and scalable. And frankly, we believe that we will be able to unlock a level of innovation across every industry around the world.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Thank you. And that's all the time we have today. I will turn it over to Ajei for his closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: I am more excited than ever by our excellent execution in the first half of the year, our expanding product leadership and our robust pipeline, and I remain confident in our ability to achieve our ambitious goals. I want to thank all my colleagues at ANSYS for their commitment, their focus and their many successes. And with that, I want to thank you for attending today's call, and I look forward to giving you more details on our long-term business and financial goals at next week's investor update, thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-05 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ANSYS First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, President and Chief Executive Officer; Nicole Anasenes, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance; and Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President, Investor Relations. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please also note today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Ms. DeBriyn for opening remarks. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release, the related prepared remarks document and the link to our first quarter 2022 Form 10-Q have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website. They contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our first quarter financial results and business update as well as our Q2 and updated fiscal year 2022 outlook and the key underlying quantitative and qualitative assumptions. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Important factors that may affect our future results are discussed in our public filings. Forward-looking statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligations to update any such information. During this call, we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and reconciliations of GAAP to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release materials. I would now like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm happy to report that Q1 was another great quarter for ANSYS. We again beat across all our key metrics and grew ACV by nearly 11% in constant currency. We believe that this continued momentum, combined with our strong customer relationships and leading multiphysics product suite, will set the tone for Q2 and the rest of the year. These strong results came in the midst of continued disruptions caused by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which has spurred additional lockdowns in certain regions as well as geopolitical dynamics. As we have previously announced, we have suspended all new and ongoing business with Russia and Belarus and removed them from our 2022 forecast. ANSYS has contributed to the Ukrainian relief efforts, and our hearts go out to all those affected by these tragic events. We are not only absorbing the headwinds from sanctions, but based on the strength of the forecast and the ongoing demand for our multiphysics solutions, we are increasing our operational outlook on ACV, revenue, EPS and operating cash flow for the full year. Nicole will have the details in a few minutes, including a discussion of the impact of global currency exchange rates on our outlook. Focusing now on Q1. From a revenue perspective, we saw good growth, as expected, across all our geographies, led by the Americas and Asia Pacific. The demand for ANSYS simulation has been relatively consistent across industries for the last several years. Given recent events and market conditions, we are now seeing an increased activity in energy and sustainability initiatives, which I will discuss in a few minutes, and in aerospace and defense accounts. Our largest contract for the quarter was a three year $44 million agreement with a North American defense contractor. This long-time customer is using our broad solution set to power its digital transformation through integrated digital engineering, multidisciplinary design optimization and digital mission engineering. The customer is realizing a strong return on its investment in ANSYS by helping it to win new government contracts while driving cost out of its organization. On these calls, I typically highlight a specific aspect of our business. Over the past several calls, I have discussed the unparalleled scalability of our best-in-class fluid products. I highlighted the critical role that ANSYS solutions are playing in the development of next-generation semiconductors, and I reviewed our leading suite of optical simulation products. For this call, I would like to discuss the critical role that ANSYS plays in sustainability. Sustainability is a crucial and complex topic that crosses industries and one that plays to ANSYS' strengths in multiphysics simulation. ANSYS simulation has traditionally enabled companies to save resources and energy before physical products are ever built, thanks to virtual prototyping. Today, though, through the use of our broad multiphysics portfolio, we can enable a number of our customers' sustainability initiatives, too many, in fact, to mention on this call. Let me give you just three representative examples so you have a sense as to the role that simulation is playing in sustainability: first, in increasing fuel efficiency; next, in driving electrification; and finally, in decreasing the rates of emissions. Let me start with fuel and energy efficiency, where a variety of ANSYS multiphysics products are being used to solve challenges ranging from engine effectiveness to electric battery design. The outcomes from these initiatives are reducing dependence on pollution producing fossil fuels. We announced earlier this week that we are working with Safran Aircraft Engines to support its aviation sustainability efforts while advancing productivity and cost efficiency. Using ANSYS' structural and thermal solutions for an advanced open fan architecture, new materials and hybrid electrification capabilities, the company expects to reduce fuel consumption and carbon dioxide emissions by more than 20% when compared to today's most efficient engines. Similarly, in Q4, we announced a new five year enterprise license agreement with LG Electronics to support the company's sustainability initiatives. ANSYS' multiphysics solutions are enabling more resource-efficient production that makes product development more sustainable by significantly reducing material use, costs and multiple redesigns. For example, ANSYS' virtual model offers one to three decoupling to support the development of the compressors used in LG's home appliances. As a result, LG Electronics can introduce its next-generation products faster than ever while accelerating its digital transformation and decreasing its carbon footprint. Turning to electrification. Customers are employing ANSYS solutions to improve the efficiency of electric motors, which today consume over 45% of the world's electricity. For example, in Q1, we signed a multiyear contract with Turntide Technologies, which develops solutions that accelerate electrification and sustainable operations for energy-intensive industries. Turntide is a long-time ANSYS user and this new contract broadens the company's use of multiphysics simulation to optimize product and engineering efficiency while reducing the need for physical prototyping as well as cutting development time and costs. On past calls, I've discussed the use of ANSYS solutions in the development of electric cars. In Q1, the TAG Heuer Porsche Formula E Team won the top two spots at the Mexico City E-Prix, with the help of a customized powertrain developed with ANSYS technologies. Working with ANSYS, Porsche Motorsport engineers accelerated the virtual testing of design concepts to provide the best powertrain solution without using physical prototypes. The powertrain innovations used on the racetrack will spur development of energy efficient, affordable and sustainable commercial vehicles at Porsche. To compliment the ANSYS Electric machine design offering, we recently acquired Motor Design Limited by combining motor designs, Motor-CAD product with the rest of the ANSYS portfolio, we will offer customers the most comprehensive multiphysics workflow for electric machine design. This end-to-end solution will enable customers to not only design more efficient electric machines, but also apply them to more applications which will reduce the environmental impact as well as the cost. Motor Design is an established ANSYS OEM partner and is already integrated seamlessly into our go-to-market motion. Moving to emissions, ANSYS simulation is helping customers reduce their carbon footprint through the development of renewable energy sources, including wind and solar power. We recently announced that we are working with leading renewable energy company Vestas to deliver safer and more sustainable power management solutions for its wind turbine control systems. These controllers are responsible for optimizing power performance and preventing component damage across a range of wind conditions. Using our model-based software development environment, Vestas merge data from multiple sensors and created control algorithms to drive better turbine designs at lower costs. We also announced that we are working with ANSYS startup program member Synhelion to convert carbon dioxide and water into synthetic fuels including gasoline, diesel, and jet fuel. Synhelion uses mirrors to concentrate sunlight onto a solar receiver that drives the thermochemical reactor that produces these sustainable fuels. Using ANSYS, this innovative company can simulate the thermo-fluid dynamics needed to design and validate its equipment despite the intense conditions caused by the searing temperatures. As I mentioned earlier, these are just a few of the examples of how ANSYS simulation is fueling the sustainability initiatives of some of the most innovative organizations on the planet. You will hear even more real world sustainability use cases during our upcoming simulation world event on May 18. During simulation world, you'll also learn about the launch of Earth Rescue, our online series that will showcase other ANSYS customers use of simulation in combating the climate crisis. I encourage you to attend and to learn more about these remarkable use cases of ANSYS Simulation. Moving to ANSYS’ own sustainability initiatives, in Q1, we released our corporate responsibility report. In this annual update, we focused on our core pillars of advancing sustainability through our leading multiphysics products, by investing in our employees, by operating responsibly and through our collaboration with various stakeholders. As an example of our growing ecosystem stakeholders, the University of Colorado Boulder will give engineers hands on experience by incorporating ANSYS multiphysics solutions into its new masters program in high speed digital engineering. These students will join their peers in more than 3,300 universities in 90 countries who are developing industry-ready simulation skills. Thanks to ANSYS products. To summarize, Q1 was another great quarter for ANSYS and one that will set the tone for the rest of 2022. Our continued momentum, our strong customer relationships and our best-in-class multiphysics product suite will help us drive even further success in 2022 and beyond. Before I turn the call over to Nicole, I'm excited to announce that longtime ANSYS executive, Walt Hearn is now leading our global sales and customer excellence teams, replacing industry veteran Rick Mahoney. Walt has an unparalleled track record of success at ANSYS. And most recently has led our largest and fastest growing region in the Americas. He has personally overseen some of the largest contracts from our enterprise accounts and has led the modernization of our go-to-market motion. With his energy, industry knowledge, deep customer relationships and mastery of our complete product portfolio, Walt is the right executive to assume leadership of this next phase of our go-to-market journey. And with that, I will turn the call over to Nicole. Nicole?
Nicole Anasenes: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Let me take a few minutes to add some additional perspective on our first quarter financial performance and provide context for our outlook and assumptions for Q2 and 2022. The first quarter demonstrated the strength of our business as we delivered robust growth during the quarter and beat our financial guidance across all key metrics. ACV was strong and revenue operating margin and EPS exceeded the high end of our Q1 guidance, driven by the mix of license types sold on the quarter. Now let me discuss some of our Q1 financial highlights. Q1 ACV was $344.1 million and grew year-over-year 8% or 11% in constant currency. We saw strong performance across most geographic regions and industries. ACV from recurring sources grew 16% in constant currency year-over-year on a trailing 12-month basis. This momentum in recurring ACV growth is driven by the strong annuity created by our ongoing shift towards subscription lease licenses. Q1 total revenue with $428.6 million and grew 15% or 18% in constant currency, which as I mentioned, exceeded the high end of our guidance driven by the timing of perpetual license deals that closed in the quarter. Q1 revenue growth was broad based across geographies. We had strong top line performance in Q1 with ACV and revenue, both growing double-digit and constant currency at 11% and 18% respectively. We closed the quarter with a total balance of GAAP deferred revenue and backlog of $1.2 billion, which grew 28% year-over-year. During the quarter, we continued to manage our business with financial discipline. This yielded a solid first quarter growth margin of 89.6% and an operating margin of 34.7%, which was better than our guidance. Operating margin was positively impacted by outperforming on revenue. The result with first quarter EPS of $1.36, which was also better than our guidance, similar to operating margin, EPS benefited from strong revenue results. Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 18%. The tax rate we expect for the remainder of 2022. Our cash flow from operations in the first quarter totaled $210.9 million, which benefited from strong collections. We ended the quarter with $657.8 million of cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet. In line with our capital allocation priorities, we repurchased approximately 500,000 shares during the quarter for around $156 million. We have 2 million shares available for repurchase under the current authorized share repurchase program. Now let me turn to the topic of guidance. Although Russia and Belarus are not material in size to our overall business, we have fully absorbed the removal of Russia and Belarus from our outlook for the remainder of the year given the sanctions. The momentum of our business exceeds this impact. And as a result, we are operationally increasing our outlook on ACV revenue, EPS and operating cash flow for the full year. The underlying momentum in our business is strong. We delivered a robust Q1 coming off a great Q4 2021. And our strong 2022 forecast reflects our continued breadth and depth of customer demand. However, offsetting that strong outlook is significant U.S. dollar strengthening, which impacts the exchange rate embedded in our guidance. Let me start with our full year 2022 guidance. We are updating our full year ACV outlook to be in the range of $1.960 billion to $2.020 billion. This represents growth of 4.8% to 8% or 9.2% to 12.4% in constant currency. We are raising the midpoint of our ACV guidance by 1 point of constant currency growth compared to our February guidance. This raise is driven by the strong ACV performance we saw on Q1 and improved forecast we see for the rest of the year. That underlying improvement drove a full year ACV operational increase of $35 million relative to our February guidance. This operational momentum was offset by absorbing $18 million of Russia and Belarus business and $47 million of foreign exchange headwind. We expect revenue to be in the range of $2.5 billion to $2.65 billion, which is growth of 3.8% to 6.9% or 8% to 11.1% in constant currency. We are raising the midpoint of our revenue guidance in constant currency growth. Relative to our February guidance, our full year revenue increased $20 million from operational performance, which was offset by absorbing $15 million from Russia and Belarus and $45 million of foreign exchange headwind. As a result, we expect our full year EPS to be in the range of $7.53 to $7.94. Relative to our February guidance, our full year EPS increased around $0.25 from better operational performance and lower share count, which was offset by absorbing $0.14 from Russia and Belarus and $0.24 of foreign exchange headwind. Now let me turn to our full year operating cash flow guidance. Our 2022 outlook is a range of $570 million to $610 million, which as discussed with our February guidance includes the $60 million to $80 million of cash timing impact of R&E capitalization regulations that are in effect as of January 1, 2022. Relative to our February guidance, our full year operating cash flow increased $20 million from better operational performance, which was offset by absorbing $12 million from Russia and Belarus collections and $18 million of foreign exchange headwind. Since January 2022, we have seen significant U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the euro and Japanese yen. The trajectory of the movement of these currencies has been outsized relative to typical currency fluctuation impacts. When compared to the 2021 currency rates, our 2022 guidance is negatively impacted on ACV by approximately $80 million and on operating cash by approximately $30 million. Notwithstanding the negative impact of exchange rates, our underlying business is operationally strong and has considerable momentum. Now let me turn to guidance for Q2. For the second quarter, we expect ACV in the range of $442 million to $462 million and revenue in the range of $450 million to $475 million. Our outlook implies double digit ACV constant currency growth for both the first half and full year 2022 in line with our business model of double digit growth, including tuck-in M&A. We expect Q2 operating margin in the range of 36% to 38.1% and EPS in the range of $1.46 to $1.64. Further details around specific currency rates and other assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for 2022 and Q2 are contained in the prepared remarks document. We have a strong forecast, diversified business model and high level of recurring ACV, all of which contribute to our confidence in our outlook and the underlying momentum in our business as reflected in the increased outlook for constant currency ACV and revenue growth and the operational improvements in our cash flow outlook. I would like to thank the ANSYS team for a strong Q1 financial performance and for all of the efforts from not only this past quarter, but for those of the last few years, as we continue to grow, invest in our business and execute against our strategic priorities. I appreciate the can do attitude, the push for excellence and the customer centric focus of the entire team. Our people and physics-based simulation solutions have earned us our industry leading world class reputation as the go-to source to solve the most difficult problems and to create what was previously impossible. We are well positioned to deliver on our 2022 outlook and our strategic investments will propel us into the journey to enhance our value to customers, to our shareholders, and to make a world – the world a better place for years to come. Operator, we will now open the phone lines to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good morning, Ajei and Nicole. Ajei, let me start with you with a somewhat broad question about trends within the overall engineering software industry. Over the last number of years simulation has surpassed PLM to become the second largest category within engineering software. And it seems not that far behind the CAD market may even perhaps have already surpassed that. It’s very close. And the question is, as we now are much more of a simulation centric world than let’s say a CAD centric world that we’ve had for the last 20 or more years. What are the implications for you in terms of the kinds of internal investments incrementally you would need to make, perhaps in services and support, perhaps altering your product release cadence and the three year that you have now? Anything of that kind given the altered status let’s say of simulation within the overall engineering software market? And then a follow-up for you, Nicole. With regard to cash flow stripping out currency effects, I’m just looking at operational trends within cash flow, how are you thinking about working capital leverage? Is there anything structural, let’s say that is occurring or that you could make happen in terms of AR or deferred to just get more velocity out of your working capital?
Ajei Gopal: Good morning, Jay, this is Ajei. Thanks for the question. So, as you rightly point out simulation is something that we’ve always said is really critical for our customers. And obviously, we’re seeing the greater use of simulation in the market as you’ve alluded to. And the reason as you know is it comes directly from product design and the complexity that products are – customers are facing in their own products. You know, for – and as you know from your experience, simulation, when you’re building a product, the more you can simulate, the more simulations you run, the better it is in terms of the product performance, the cost, the effectiveness of that product. Customers are recognizing that, and they’re running more and more simulations. That’s a tailwind for us. You also recognize as products become more complex, it’s not just about individual physics excellence. And we certainly invest in individual physics excellence. It’s also about the integration of the technologies together to be able to create a multi-physics solution and a multi-physics capability. And that’s also been an area for investment for us. If you look at, for example, some of the recent investments we’ve made on the platform, we’ve talked a lot about clients, the APIs that we’ve made available where people can write Python applications and directly invoke our simulation capabilities. And at the same time have access to the wide variety of the Python ecosystem. So those are some examples of where we’re trying to make it much easier for our customers to take advantage of simulation, not just as the traditional tool as they may have used in the past. But as part of a broader end-to-end platform on which they can anchor their product design capabilities and of course, much more. And it’s a virtual cycle. The more they use simulation, the more they need it in the future, because with simulation, they can explore these new edge cases, boundary conditions where they couldn’t have essentially done the analysis before. Now they’re in a position to, because of this platform centric approach that we’ve taken recently towards simulation. So that’s – hopefully that gives you some perspective. We’ve talked a lot in the past about things like simulation data management, materials design, all of these are essential aspects of the broader platform that we’re in a position to support for our customers. The other broad area, as you’ve seen from what we’ve talked about in the past has been investment in supporting the hyperscalers. So supporting cloud computing, investing in supporting some of the latest hardware GPUs, scale out CPUs, all of that again makes simulation much more relevant and continues to be areas where we’re investing as we support our customers, dealing with the complexity that they’re working with. And then finally, I’ll make the point that we’ve – it’s not just about using simulation in the validation of products. We see the opportunity to take simulation more broadly and take the insight from simulation and make that available. So if you look at things like mission engineering, as an example, those are all areas where – those are areas in discovery. All of that is taking us to areas digital twin, taking us to areas where simulation opens new market opportunities for us as well. So that’s reflective in our investments, Jay and certainly we see the increased opportunity for simulation out there and our investments parallel down.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. And Jay, on your cash flow question, as you know, cash flow is more highly correlated to ACV than to revenue because of the financial model transition that we’ve been undergoing and that transition to those highly recurring subscription leases. And in terms of the operating leverage in particular, the dynamics around working capital I think that you start to see this in our 2022 guidance. You could see that the operating leverage in the business is from the operating cash flow, right? So ACV is expected to grow faster than revenue. And cash flow is expected to grow faster than ACV. And what’s driving that underlying dynamic is really kind of the acceleration of that subscription lease business and the underlying annuity that gets generated from it, which generates cash collections. And there's a slightly different revenue recognition profile behind those because that revenue recognition is 50/50.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yes. Thank you. Thank you both. That covers it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tyler Radke from Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Tyler Radke: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Can you hear me okay?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. We can hear you.
Operator: Yes, sir. You may proceed.
Tyler Radke: Okay, great. Thanks. Thanks so much. Good morning. So, AJei, you talked a lot about sustainability in your opening remarks this quarter and excuse me – I'm just curious how much more just in terms of your conversations is this coming up is a key driver to your business and obviously simulation kind of by definition helps on the sustainability effort by reducing physical testing needs. But maybe just give us a sense for how you're thinking about the ability for this conversation to drive more awareness and accelerate growth for ANSYS. And then I have a quick follow up for Nicole. Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: Good morning, Tyler, thanks for the question. So as you rightly point out, the historical use of simulation has been in the product design area and there's clearly value because we’ve reduced the number of physical prototypes. That's obviously more sustainable. We can make products more efficient and so forth. I mean, that's been the historical value that we've provided. What's been happening of course, in the recent past, certainly in the last few years is the focus on sustainability. And we've seen this, as I mentioned briefly in my remarks in the script earlier, we've seen this manifest in different industries in different ways. And certainly in the automotive industry, we've seen this with electric cars, battery technology, and trying to figure out what comes after or what replaces the internal combustion engine or how – what the transition of the future of the automobile looks like. So there's been that one set of discussions. The other sets of areas where we've continued to have conversations with customers for a number of years has been on other forms of energy. So things like wind, solar, title, these are other important areas outside of the traditional hydrocarbon ecosystem. And of course, we've talked about things like lightweighting and so on for a while. These conversations have continued and they continue with more and more urgency. And certainly as you start to look at the broader discussions that are taking place right now around the geopolitical climate, the focus on energy, I think comes back and we're having these conversations with energy companies as to how they can be more efficient or how customers can be more efficient. And so, we see this as an ongoing customer requirement that continues to gain momentum and it's a long-term tailwind for us that we are able to respond to. So we are excited that we can support the industry as they think about these sustainability initiatives, frankly, across multiple industry verticals.
Tyler Radke: Thank you. And maybe a quick follow up question. So obviously ACV performance in Q1 adjusting for currency was in line with your guidance. You raised the full year outlook, operationally the Russia headwind, just help us understand what gives you the confidence to do that, a lot of businesses out there are taking a bit more of a conservative posture given everything come out. So was it something you saw in the quarter in terms of improvement versus your expectations or what's kind of preventing you from taking more of a conservative posture on the guide? Thank you.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, I mean, I think – thanks, Tyler. I think as you know, kind of our approach to guidance is kind of, is to quarter by quarter, update you on the full year. We're very focused on the full year number and take things as we see them right. And so what you saw in Q1 was that we had an incredibly strong start to the year with 11% constant currency growth that was off of a pretty exceptional 2021 with a lot of momentum building out of the back end of the year. And so while there were the dynamics that were discussed in the prepared remarks that we just shared around the elimination of Russian, Belarus and the currency headwinds underneath it, the core business momentum continues to be strong. And I think it really is emblematic of the value that we create independent of what is occurring in the macro environment. I think the sustainability example that you and Ajei just discussed, I think is a perfect example of the complexity of the problems that our customers are trying to solve. That really plays to our unique strengths. I mean, our unique strength is that we can solve problems from the component level all the way through the mission level and the more complex the problem, the more we are able to solve it in a highly differentiated way, relatively alternatives out there. And so we provide a lot of certainty and a lot of – and the ability to help our customers kind of traverse some of these more challenging product problems that they're facing. And so to me, it's just the overall strength of the business that continues to consistently deliver. And just the focus we've had on our customers throughout the pandemic, the focus that we've had on our portfolio over the past five years is really what gives us confidence in the full year view.
Tyler Radke: Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joe Vruwink from Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. I maybe wanted to just start with your outlook within your SMB customer base and how you're thinking about this. I think this is where – there was the economic sensitivities in 2020 and so I'm wondering if you're thinking about this exposure any differently just given the current macro backdrop.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean, currently, we are not seeing – so again, kind of to the point that I made to Tyler, our outlook is based on the kind of forecast of the business that we see today. We did not see any kind of meaningful shift in the underlying momentum or the underlying opportunity set in front of us in that space. And so our outlook does consider kind of continued business as usual. Last year, there was a pretty big resurgence back post COVID towards the back end of the year. It's kind of normalized towards more normalized purchasing behavior and business behavior in the SMB space. And so, that's essentially what we're considering on a go-forward basis, but we continue to monitor the situation. And if we were to see any changes, we would certainly update you.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. And then as a follow-up, when I try to reconcile ACV growth by end market, it seems your high-tech business is up maybe high teens over the LTM period even if I remove M&A. When I think about R&D spending in high tech, it's maybe more like low teens growth. Can you maybe, if this thinking is correct, help reconcile the ANSYS outperformance?
Ajei Gopal: Well, I mean, let me just quickly try to address that. When you think about our portfolio for high tech, we have a differentiated portfolio and once again, it's focused on the simulation aspects of that. And as I've mentioned before, as products get more complex, the need for simulation continues to grow. And so, when you're dealing with next-generation telecommunications, for example, you need very accurate simulation capabilities. That's where products like ANSYS HFSS come in. In big industry trends like electrification, the entire end-to-end electric Motor Design tool chain is absolutely essential. That's an example of an area where, as I mentioned in my remarks, we just recently announced – within the last day or so, we recently announced an acquisition of Motor Design, again helping in that end-to-end electrification tool chain. So we have been very careful to not only have – invest in our products so that they're – we feel that they're best in breed, but we've also been investing in our products to – in areas where customers are really struggling in areas like next-generation telecommunications. The other interesting thing, of course, is that there's a connection between our semiconductor offerings and our broader simulation capabilities. As customers in the semiconductor world are looking at 2.5 and 3D integrated circuits, that's when a – that's when you start to see the use of tools and technologies like the more traditional ANSYS simulation capabilities in the semiconductor domain as well. And so that crossover as well represents a long-term tailwind for us. So we feel like we are well positioned with our portfolio. We've been making the right investments and the right levels of integrations to allow our customers to solve some of the problems in the areas where they're investing, in some of the most challenging areas with these highly complex products for the future. And so, that's why we feel very good about our high tech business.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. And just to kind of answer your question on the growth point that you asked. So as you know, we don't give growth by industry, but in the industry disclosure, you do see that on a trailing 12-month basis, as a percentage, high-tech and A&D represent a higher amount and they continue to be our largest contributors to the business as well.
Joe Vruwink: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Obin from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Obin: Hi, good morning.
Nicole Anasenes: Good morning.
Ajei Gopal: Good morning.
Andrew Obin: I guess my first is not going to be a question. It's going to be more of a statement and confirmation. I just want to make sure 11% constant currency growth was better than the mid-point of your ACV guidance, right? Is that correct? Because somebody said you didn't beat the numbers, but I thought it was better than your guide, midpoint of your guide. Is that a fair statement?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, absolutely, it was better than – you're talking about the Q1 number?
Andrew Obin: Yes.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes.
Andrew Obin: Okay. I was confused there for a second. Okay, fine.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. No, no, no. It was actually well exceeded the midpoint of our guidance.
Andrew Obin: Yes, yes. No. because that's what I thought. Okay, fine.
Nicole Anasenes: Given the midpoint was, what 9% in Q1 – yes. I just remember, yes, the midpoint was 9% in Q1 and coming in at 11% constant currency is quite significantly over that.
Andrew Obin: Excellent, thank you, just making sure. So yes, the question going back to the trailing 12 month ACV chart, we've been getting questions on your aerospace and defense exposure, and it does show that up to 21 over 19 versus a year ago. And a) just trying to understand what's driving it and just to I appreciate that the stuff you do sort of longer cycle in nature. But how should we think commercial aerospace recovery and on top of it what looks like globally higher – structurally higher defense budget in U.S. and Europe given what's happening in Ukraine should impact your aerospace and defense business over the next 12 to 24 months?
Ajei Gopal: Aerospace and defense is one of our top three verticals. And as you heard in my comments, we're seeing – we saw good performance in Q1 and we're also seeing increased activity with customers in the aerospace and defense market most recently. So these global events certainly cause conversations with customers. And then while it's too early to declare, I think it's pretty clear that these increased activity is a good indicator of longer-term tailwinds for our business from those conversations. But our business in aerospace and defense is very broad, and it's, again, based on the overall capabilities of our portfolio and what we can bring to the table.
Andrew Obin: All right, terrific. And then just trying to understand, looking at the auto business and some of your disclosures that indicate that German and Japanese businesses have sort of shrunk, should I be thinking that lower share of auto and decline in Germany and Japan, does that go – should I be thinking is that it's German and Japan automakers? Or is there something else going on?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So let me comment on the revenue growth in those markets. I'll let Ajei give more commentary on the market dynamics. So the – in the quarter, so first, those two, at an actual rate basis, they're going to have the most disproportionate impact on the Japanese yen weakening against the dollar and the euro weakening against the dollar, but so there is a significant impact there. The other thing, just to note, in general, is that the revenue variability because of license mix and differences in license mix on a year-to-year comparative basis can be quite volatile. And so, when you look at a quarter, even at the ANSYS level, there could be a lot of volatility within the quarter. Once you get to the country level, the quarterly numbers are quite volatile. So, it's not – so the quarterly number is not necessarily an indicator of kind of broader dynamics that are happening in the environment.
Andrew Obin: Got you and that's also where we see FX. I should have thought about that. Thank you.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saket Kalia from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Hi, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions here.
Nicole Anasenes: Good morning.
Saket Kalia: Hi, good morning. Ajei, maybe I'll start with you. I wonder if you could talk about the OnScale acquisition a little bit. I think it happened in the beginning of the quarter. How does that sort of fit into the high-performance computing portfolio that ANSYS has? And any thoughts on just – or understanding it's early, any thoughts on how you sort of take that to market and whether that's – on how you take that to market rather and whether that's different than how ANSYS currently goes to market?
Ajei Gopal: So, Saket, there are two important elements to our cloud strategy. The first is location independence and the second is device independence. And so, let me start with location independence, and let me take you back to that last earnings call we had, when I think in answer to a question I described how our products take advantage of the cloud and what's important to customers. And then as you alluded to in your question, I pointed to how simulation is different from the typical enterprise application in that the amount of compute that's required for simulation can be enormous. And I said a single simulation could run for hours across hundreds of cores, single user could launch multiple simulations in parallel and that's why high-performance computing, or HPC, is so important to us and our customers. And I talked about our strategy to support our customers as they use ANSYS products and take advantage of high-performance computing in the public cloud of their choice. We talked in that response about ANSYS Cloud. I talked about how that allows our customers to use our flagship products, while taking advantage of compute power in the Azure Cloud while running on the managed instance from ANSYS. And we also talked about ANSYS Gateway powered by AWS, which allows customers to pair their hardware access with AWS with their ANSYS flagship software. So in other words, last time, I talked about how our cloud strategy supports our full-featured products that supports our full-featured user interfaces for those products while providing location-independent high-performance computing for ANSYS solvers. So the recent announcement coming to your question with OnScale is really part of the next leg of our strategy, which is to allow access to ANSYS solver technology in a device independent manner through a browser. So OnScale, as you know, had created an exciting SaaS offering that coupled a simple web and intuitive web user interface to simulation with cloud-native infrastructure. And so now to your point and your question, now that OnScale is part of ANSYS, we will continue to enhance that front end, of course. And we will supplement that with back-end access to the ANSYS flagship solvers in the cloud. In other words, we will enable customer access to our industry-leading solvers through a SaaS experience through a browser interface in a device independent manner. And so this allows us to provide also in the future a SaaS option to simulation, one that might be attracted to new users in small and medium business or in areas that have not traditionally used ANSYS flagship products, so maybe even new users in existing customers. So when you add all of that together, our cloud strategy is to provide customers with device-independent and location-independent access to really the best and most comprehensive set of multiphysics simulation capabilities in the market.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Got it. That makes a lot of sense. Nicole, maybe just for a quick follow-up, just housekeeping, can you just remind us how much you're including an ACV for inorganic this year and I – and whether it includes the Motor Design acquisition? I just wanted to check kind of how much that constant currency ACV growth is on an organic basis. I don't think there is too much inorganic this year, but just to make sure it's asked.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, you're correct. And let me kind of take you through the description of that. So as you know, we increased the ACV guidance this quarter by $35 million operationally, and that translates to about a point of constant currency growth that brings us to 11% constant currency growth at the midpoint. The basis of that increase is based on the increased organic momentum in the business. And then we've previously mentioned that – and it was in our prior guidance that we expect the inorganic contribution of Zemax to be around $20 million of ACV. And then our two recent acquisitions, OnScale and Motor Design, both of them are immaterial contributors to the top-line. OnScale is an early-stage technology acquisition with minimal revenue. And Motor Design, as discussed in the press release, Motor Design and ANSYS had a prior partnership, where we were the primary OEM of the product. So there is de minimis incremental top line benefit from the acquisition this year. So now while the initial financial contributions are not material of these two things, yes, we're really excited about the long-term impact of these investments to accelerate two really important aspects of our roadmap, as Ajei discussed, the cloud roadmap as well as the electrification roadmap, which connects to the sustainability conversation we had earlier today. So I mean that – so our guidance still reflects the $20 million of ACV contribution from Zemax, which would put us around 10% constant currency growth in ACV when you exclude Zemax from the full year outlook, which again is on the business model of double-digit growth, including tuck-in M&A. The other thing, just to note, is that as it relates to operating margin and cash flow. The net of these two acquisitions actually had a negative impact on both operating margin and cash flow, but we've absorbed – we've fully absorbed the negative impact in the full year guidance that you received.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That's all really helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Adam Borg from Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks a lot for taking the question and the details about the guidance and also the details on the inorganic contribution, maybe just on the MDL acquisition. So obviously, as you talked about, you guys have had a partnership for a couple of years. It's already been established in our go-to-market motion. So I'd love to understand why decide to buy it versus just [indiscernible] partner. And then more broadly, this helps you get deeper in some respects into CAD. I'm just thinking about is there an opportunity for you to get deeper into CAD and other areas of the design market. Thanks so much.
Ajei Gopal: So I'm excited about the acquisition of Motor Design as I've said. We've had a successful partnership for a couple of years. They're the best-in-class solution in the market targeting the electric motor and machine market. And obviously, with the increased demand in electric vehicles, the complexity of electric motors, they bring a lot to the table. What we have is a seamless tool chain that includes Motor-CAD that connects that into other elements of our simulation portfolio. So for example, we have connections with ANSYS Discovery, with Maxwell, with Fluent with mechanical. So it's really connected to the full suite of our multiphysics capabilities. And so acquiring motor design really gives us the ability to control that product road map and drive greater levels of product integration across our portfolio. Obviously, as an independent company, they have their own objectives, but now that they're part of ANSYS, we'll be in a position to really streamline that end-to-end and support that seamless shift left in the multiphysics workflow that we have around Electric Motors. So we're excited about that. We're excited about that. And you see that – the importance of that streamlined workflow. Scheffler, for example, a customer of ours, they had coupled Motor-CAD with ANSYS OPTIS line, which gives us the optimization solutions. And now what you're seeing is a much better design to validation workflow for electric machines. And that kind of capability becomes possible when we have greater visibility into the road map, and we're in a position to be able to drive that organically out from the R&D organization. So we're excited about the acquisition. I think it's a great acquisition, and the team is very strong.
Adam Borg: That's really helpful. And maybe just as a quick follow-up, so congrats to Walt on the promotion. I know it just happened and it's still really early, but any initial observations on any planned go-to-market changes as you think about a change at the top of the helm? Thanks again.
Ajei Gopal: Well, as I said in my comments, Walt is a long-time ANSYS executive, and he has been – I mean he has just a tremendous track record of success within ANSYS. He's been running our largest and fastest-growing region in the Americas. He's intimately involved in all aspects of our go-to-market. He's dealt with some of the largest contracts in the enterprise space. He's been involved in the go-to-market transformation. He has spearheaded some of the inside sales efforts. He knows the industry. He knows our products. So he's been intimately involved in the creation of our strategy, and I'm excited about his leadership. He was a clear choice to move our sales teams forward. We have an exceptional deep bench of talent here at ANSYS. And I'm really excited about the future.
Adam Borg: Super clear. Thanks again.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason Celino from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question. And Mr. Celino, it's possible that your phone is on mute.
Jason Celino: Oh, sorry about that. That's embarrassing. Thanks for getting me in. Europe is on everyone's minds. I'm curious on what trends you're seeing there and how the pipeline is shaping up. And then maybe more pointed, what would have EMEA grown if it didn't exclude any of the sanction impact in the quarter? Thanks.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So I mean, overall, with our – in Q1, we saw constant currency growth of 8% in the end of the first quarter, which was pretty strong. We saw industrial – the industrial equipment industry, in particular, is quite strong, and we saw relatively strong demand in A&D overall. And so the impact of the overall impact of Russia in full year of $15 million on revenue was a couple of million dollars in Q1.
Jason Celino: Okay. Excellent. Thank you for that. And then I guess, really quickly, the hiring environment remains relatively tight, especially for software sales. How are hiring plans going? And how do you feel about capacity and productivity heading into the second half? Thanks.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So our Q1 pace of hiring came in as expected, and it was at a higher rate than we did in Q1 2021. So we're planning to continue to ramp up hiring in Q2 and second half as planned.
Jason Celino: Thank you.
Nicole Anasenes: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Matthew Broome from Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Matthew Broome: Okay. Thanks very much. So ANSYS is obviously – it's a mature company, but is there still a sort of significant greenfield opportunity for simulation within your sort of legacy sort of customer bases? And do you view sustainability as sort of part of that?
Ajei Gopal: Yes. ANSYS has been around – we're proud of the fact that, as a company, we've been around for 50 years. And so from that extent – to that extent, we're one of the longer-tenured, if you will, software companies out there. But the reality is that the technology that we deliver and the value proposition that we deliver, which is helping our customers to be able to drive top-line growth by bringing product to market faster and achieve bottom line savings through cost savings in terms of testing and validation to reduce warranty costs, more increased efficiency, all of those are evergreen value propositions. And as I've said before, as products become more complicated and you're seeing this, every single product is getting significantly more sophisticated than products of the past, it's not just a matter of solving a particular or understanding a particular discipline like structures of fluids. It's understanding the interplay between all of these different capabilities. So you take something like a car. A car today is a very different beast than the car was – the internal combustion engine human-driven car was a number of years ago. If you think about an autonomous vehicle, for example, that's powered by an Electric Motor, it calls for different skills and capabilities. And look, we are excited that we are in a position to support our customers as they go through this journey. So the ongoing value of simulation is really there – is driven, one, by virtue of the fact that we make – the more simulation you run, the better your product. And so there is a continued demand for customers [Audio Dip] environment with new products run. And the product complexity continues to drive that. And the final point I want to make here is when you think about the use of simulation when you start to use simulation within a company, you start to rely on it more and more, and it's a virtuous cycle for ANSYS. And so there are examples of changes, where in the past, where you may not have necessarily done a detailed design if there was an incremental change, which may have led to some warranty issues or things of that nature. Today, companies who are using ANSYS are in a position to just run simulation to validate that those – what might seem less small incremental changes haven't really fundamentally made a difference. When supply chains get disrupted and you want to swap out one component for a different component, that's requires analysis and validation, and that's again what simulation can provide. So the value proposition and the use of simulation is – continues to be strong. And then, of course, areas like sustainability, electrification, autonomy, IoT, telecommunications. These are all areas where customers are spending enormous amounts of effort, energy and money trying to build next-generation capabilities, and once again, we're in a position to help them. So I'm very excited about the opportunity in the future of simulation and of ANSYS.
Matthew Broome: Okay. Thank you very much.
Nicole Anasenes: That is all the time we have today. I will turn it over to Ajei for closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: I am excited about our strong start to 2022. Our strong execution and industry-leading multiphysics portfolio, combined with strong customer demand, gives me confidence as we plan for the rest of the year and beyond. I want to thank my ANSYS colleagues for their stellar execution and for their commitment, which produced these great results. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today, and please enjoy the rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference call and presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ANSYS Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, President and Chief Executive Officer; Nicole Anasenes, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance; and Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President, Investor Relations. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, today’s event is being recorded. At this time, I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. DeBriyn for opening remarks. Please go ahead.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release, the related prepared remarks document and the link to our 2021 Form 10-Q have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website. They contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our fourth quarter and full year financial results and business update, as well as our Q4 and fiscal year 2022 outlook, and the key underlying quantitative and qualitative assumptions. Today’s presentation contains forward-looking information. Important factors that may affect our future results are discussed in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are available on our corporate website. Forward-looking statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligations to update any such information. During this call, we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures, unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and reconciliations of GAAP to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release materials. I would now like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Q4 was another excellent quarter for ANSYS, and largest quarter in our history. We beat our financial guidance for the quarter across all key metrics, including ACV, revenue, earnings per share and cash flow. Q4 was the capstone to an excellent year, in which we grew ACV by 16% in constant currency. Our industry-leading product portfolio, strong execution and growing market enabled us to beat and raise our guidance each quarter of 2021. We saw strength across all major industries, geographies and go-to-market routes over the course of the year. Our direct and indirect channels grew at double-digit. Similarly, each of our go-to-market customer segment, enterprise, strategic and volume accounts, all grew by double-digit. The high-tech and semiconductor, aerospace and defense, and automotive and ground transportation sectors were again our top industry and each demonstrated robust year-over-year growth. From a geographical perspective, we saw strong performance with each region going ACV at double-digit. I'm also pleased that we saw broad-based growth consistent with our expectations across product lines from our more established flagship products in structures, fluids, electromagnetics and semiconductors to our newer offerings such as optic, material and digital mission engineering. Our customer relationship continue to be strong and are helping to fuel the growth. In Q4, one of our key contracts came from Asia Pacific, a five-year multimillion dollar agreement with LG Electronics. This longtime customer uses ANSYS simulation to enable resource efficient production by significantly reducing material use, cost and the number of redesigns. That sustainability initiative has enabled the electronics giant to use high-quality next-generation products faster than expected, while reducing its carbon footprint. I'm also excited that Fraunhofer, a German research organization with 76 institutes spread across the country, standardized on the ANSYS simulation platform with a three-year seven-figure contract in Q4. It's researchers and engineers will use the entire ANSYS portfolio to support innovation efforts in the automotive, chemical, energy, aerospace and healthcare segments. Our ongoing broad-based business momentum and our strong customer relationships give us even greater confidence for a prospect in 2022 and beyond. We expect our 2022 ACV to go at about 10% at the midpoint in constant currency, which positions ANSYS to surpass our long-term target of $2 billion in ACV. Nicole will walk you through a guidance for 2022 in a moment. During these calls, I often highlight different aspects of our technology. For example, I discussed our solutions for optical simulation on the last call, and our unparalleled product scalability in August of 2021. Given the strength of our semiconductor, electronics business in Q4, I'd like to spend a little bit more time discussing that important segment. Based with mounting customer expectations, today semiconductor companies operate at the cutting edge of innovation and their products are continually pushing the boundaries of what is possible. Furthermore, some systems companies are turning to custom-built bespoke silicon to give the product an edge. At a cost of hundreds of millions of dollars for advanced process node tape out, the cost of failure is prohibitively expensive. The semiconductor and system companies are maximizing their likelihood of success by turning to technologies like scalable multiphysics simulation from ANSYS to develop advanced process node, and topologies like 3D and 2.5-D multi-die chip assemblies. A key deal in Q4 was a multiyear agreement with AMD, a global leader in high-performance computing and visualization product. AMD is the longtime ANSYS strategic customer. This new contract reflects AMD's rapid growth and the expanded use of ANSYS simulation and signoff tools. As a result, AMD's global engineering teams have increased access to ANSYS solutions, improving collaboration and organization across the company. Customers are also using ANSYS electromagnetic simulation to prevent electromagnetic interference and to ensure signal integrity. Our best-in-class structural and fluid simulation a critical to predicting cooling and thermal warping and to ensuring reliable IC package design. Customers are relying on our optical simulation to ensure the success of high-speed photonics interconductivity amongst data-hungry systems. And they are leveraging our safety solutions. For example, a large semiconductor supplier to the automotive industry is using ANSYS to support workflow that graphically link semiconductor design to key functions within the electronics architecture for electric vehicle battery management system. Customers can rely on ANSYS, because we continue to drive significant technological advances into the marketplace. In our recently released ANSYS 2022 R1, we introduce breakthrough new semiconductor functionality that targets DVD or dynamic voltage drop, which is traditionally been difficult to model and understand. DVD is a drop in the voltage rails cause by high transient current drawn from the power grid. It is analogous to your house lights dimming for a moment when air-conditioning turns on. Our new technology Sigma DVD is a powerful approach that significantly increases coverage of dynamic voltage drop. With this functionality we are empowering our customers to move from simulating triplets to simulating an entire chip for all switching scenarios We believe this breakthrough will spur innovation throughout semiconductor industry. ANSYS has always advocated for open ecosystems, which allow for best-of-breed interoperability and give our customers the ability to make the right decisions for their unique businesses. This is particularly important for semiconductor and systems companies. And that is why we partner with Foundry and other leading software companies. As part of our partnership, Synopsis has integrated ANSYS electronic solutions into its 3D IC compiler for highly accurate signal thermal and power data. The automated back annotation amongst these solutions enables faster convergence with fewer iterations to enable customers to bring next generation products to market faster. Earlier in 2021, we signed a multi-year, multi-million dollar contract with a major semiconductor company, which standard on ANSYS' multiphysics solutions including ANSYS HFSS and ANSYS RedHawk-SC for the latest finFET technologies and advanced 3d IC techniques. Not only was this customer able to realize the benefits from ANSYS products, but it was able to drive faster time to value. Thanks to our integration with synopsis's best-in-class technologies. Moving to our semiconductor foundry partners. Samsung Foundry has certified ANSYS RaptorH electromagnetic simulation solution for developing advanced systems on chip as well as for 3d ICs. That industry first certification enabled ANSYS to help Samsung designers, as well as Samsung foundry customers more accurately analyze and mitigate risks from electromagnetic effects when adopting Samsung's new sign-off flow. In Q4 TSMC named ANSYS as an OIP partner of the year for a joint development of four nanometer design infrastructure, which led to the certification of ANSYS RedHawk-SC enhances Totem for TSMC's most advanced three and four nanometer processes. TSMC honored us with an award for our development of ANSYS RedHawk-SC electrothermal for full chip and package thermal analysis. ANSYS has also partnered with Intel Foundry Services to become an inaugural member of the design ecosystem alliance. Through this alliance, Intel will use ANSYS's market-leading multi-physics solutions to enable Intel customers to create unique chips with tailor-made silicon. Turning to our environmental, social and governance initiatives. ANSYS and 3M have launched a material modeling training program that is helping engineers refine product development processes and reduce material waste. 3M is offering verified material models for its tape and adhesive products to all ANSYS users to help power environmental, sustainability initiatives. Finally, I'm excited that ANSYS has recently been recognized for our product innovation, as well as for our winning culture. The international society for optics and photonics presented the Prism Award in software for our OpticStudio STAR Module. This technology streamlines optical designs while reducing design errors, development time and material costs. ANSYS has also been recognized by the great places to work institute as a preferred employer in China, Japan South Korea and Taiwan. That is a testament to our colleagues in Asia, as well as to our culture of innovation. In summary, Q4 was a great quarter capping off an exceptional year for ANSYS. We beat guidance across all our key financial metrics and we delivered the best year in company history. Thanks to our market leading portfolio and our deep customer relationships, our customers are continuing to grow their ANSYS simulation for products as diverse as consumer electronics, electric vehicles, rocket ships and life-saving medical devices. Those factors combined with the momentum we experience in Q4 will propel us through this year and beyond. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Nicole. Nicole?
Nicole Anasenes: Thank you Ajei. Good morning everyone. Let me start off by saying that financially 2021 was our strongest year ever. And we are optimistic about 2022 given the momentum in our business. For both the fourth quarter and full year 2021, we beat our financial guidance across all key metrics. And this is especially noteworthy as we've raised our full year guidance for ACV, revenue, EPS and operating cash flow for all three quarters throughout the course of the year. Additionally, in 2021, we achieved new company records across key financial metrics including ACV, revenue, EPS and operating cash flow. As Ajei mentioned, our growth was broad-based in 2021 with each of our customer segments and geographic regions growing double digits. Despite the lingering uncertainties around the pandemic, we saw growth across all industries as well as all product lines. Our wide-ranging growth is evidence of the critical capabilities our products deliver to our customers. 2021 was an outstanding year and we are entering 2022 with momentum and a strong backlog. Now, let me take a few minutes to add some additional perspective on our fourth quarter and full year financial performance. And then I will provide our outlook and key assumptions for 2022 and Q1. Beginning with ACV, we delivered $755.4 million in Q4, which grew year-over-year 14% or 16% in constant currency. For the full year we recognized $1.9 billion in ACV growing 16% in both reported and constant currency. We saw strong performance across customer types, geographies and industries. For the full year, ACV from recurring sources represented 81% of the total. Q4 total revenue was $661.4 million and grew 5% or 8% in constant currency, which exceeded the high end of our guidance. Full year revenue was $1.9 billion and grew 14% in both reported and constant currency. We had strong top line performance in 2021 with ACV and revenue both growing double digits at 16% and 14% respectively. At our 2019 Investor Day, we outlined our business model of double-digit growth including tuck-in M&A in both the fourth quarter and full year we executed against this business model. We closed the quarter with a total balance of GAAP deferred revenue and backlog of $1.3 billion, which grew 30% year-over-year. During the quarter we continued to manage our business with financial discipline. This yielded a solid fourth quarter growth margin of 92.3% and an operating margin of 46.8%, which was better than our guidance. We had full year gross margin of 90.5% and operating margin of 41.4%. Operating margin was positively impacted by outperforming revenue. The result with fourth quarter EPS of $2.81, which was also better than our guidance. For the full year EPS was $7.37, similar to operating margin EPS benefited from strong revenue results. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter and full year was 19%, Our cash flow from operations in the fourth quarter totaled $101.7 million, which benefited from strong collections. For the full year we had operating cash flows of 4549.5 million. We ended the quarter with $668 million of cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet. In line with our capital allocation priorities, we repurchased approximately 250,000 shares during the quarter for around $99 million. For the full year we repurchased approximately 347,000 shares for around $135 million. We have 2.5 million shares available for repurchase under the current authorized share repurchase program. Now, let me turn to the topic of guidance. We expect the momentum we saw in 2021 to continue, which gives us confidence as we look ahead to 2022. As Ajei mentioned, our 2022 full-year ACV guidance surpasses the $2 billion goal we laid out at our 2019 Investor Day. We are also on our model of double digit growth including tuck-in MA with industry leading margins. Let me start with our full year 2022 guidance. We expect our full-year ACV outlook to be in the range of $1.990 billion to $2.050 billion. This represents growth of 6.4 to 9.6% or 8.3% to 11.5% in constant currency. We have a balanced and diversified business, which is driving the broad-based performance and double-digit ACV growth at constant currency that we expect to see in 2022. We expect revenue to be in the range of $2.040 billion to $2.110 billion, which is growth of 5.6% to 9.2% or 7.4% to 11.1% in constant currency. Let me touch on some of the assumptions considered in our full year guidance. We continue to expect broad-based growth and continued momentum from our large enterprise customers and SMB customers. We also assume that going forward we have a more normalized mix of business with our subscription lease licenses growing faster than perpetual licenses. As a result, ACV is expected to grow faster than revenue as the business model shifts to subscription lease licenses continues. Additionally, our full year guidance is based on how we see our book of business and pipeline today. As a result, we have assumed a neutral inflationary impact to our top line. However we have assumed a moderate impact from inflation on expenses. This brings me to our operating margin guidance. We expect our full year operating margin to be in the range of 41% to 42%. As a result we expect our full year EPS to be in the range of $7.64 to $8.10. We expect our full year effective tax rate to be 18%, which is one point lower than the 19% rate we had in 2021 due to recurring tax savings expected from tax planning initiatives. Now, let me turn to our full-year operating cash flow guidance. Our 2022 outlook is a range of $580 million to $620 million. We expect to see significant growth in operating cash flow levels year-over-year driven by strong operating leverage in our business model. However, our cash guidance absorbs the negative impact of approximately $60 million to $80 million in additional cash income taxes. This is driven by RNE capitalization tax legislation and other law changes that impact tax years starting January 1st, 2022. Although our overall 2022 tax rate is expected to be lower. The effect of the law changes the timing of cash tax payments, which creates near-term cash flow headwinds that will normalize through the amortization dynamics that occur over time. While there is still a possibility that legislation will be enacted that defers the requirement to capitalize RNE, we are including higher cash taxes in our current outlook, as we will be required to make these payments unless the existing law is amended. This legislation impacts timing of cash flow. It has no impact on our ability to operationally grow cash flow and does not create any incremental expense obligation. We remain optimistic about our cash generation in both the short and the long term. As you can calculate from our guidance, our current outlook absorbing the timing impact expects operating cash flows to grow faster than ACV in 2022. Additionally, since quarterly operating cash flow can be volatile, growth in our full-year cash outlook continues to be the best measure of success. We have seen significant currency volatility so far in 2022. When compared to the 2021 currency rates, our 2022 guidance is negatively impacted on ACV by approximately $34 million and on operating cash flow by approximately $12 million. Further details around specific currency rates, changes in tax legislation and other receipts, changes in tax legislation and other assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for 2022 and Q1 are contained in the prepared remarks document. Now turning to guidance for the first quarter. This year we will provide quarterly ACV guidance to help with your modeling. As a reminder annual ACV is the best metric to observe the momentum in our business. We expect first quarter ACV in the range of $328 million to $348 million, revenue in the range of $395 million to $420 million, operating margin in the range of 29.1% to 31.9% and EPS in the range of a $1.05 to $1.22. Heading into 2022, we have a strong pipeline, diversified business model and a high level of recurring ACV, all of which contribute to our confidence in our outlook. I would like to thank the ANSYS team for another outstanding quarter topping off a fantastic year. Despite a continued challenging macro environment, we delivered broad-based growth. The team's exceptional operational discipline and customer centricity enables us to meet or exceed our internal models across every geography and customer segment and deliver extraordinary value to our customers across the globe. We continue to build on that momentum, invest in our business, while executing against our strategic priorities and we are well-positioned to deliver on our 2022 outlook.  Operator, we will now open the phone lines to take questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we'll now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Mr. John Walsh, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Walsh: Good morning everyone.
Ajei Gopal: Good morning.
John Walsh: Can you hear me all right?
Ajei Gopal: Yes.
John Walsh: Okay, great. Well, nice performance in the quarter start off there. Really my questions are first, how should we think about the SG&A costs for 2022? Maybe what's the incremental annualized from M&A, some of the inflationary pressures you talked about, and then obviously also growth investments? And then the second question, just to make sure I have the tax adjustment correct to the cash flow. If we get an amendment from the government which I think at least in our coverage there's some companies that believe that'll happen. Would we just reverse out that $70 million, is it as simple as that? Thank you.
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. Thanks John. Yes. So I'll answer your second question first and then the first question. So yes, if there was legislation that delayed or repeal the law that $60 million to $80 million would be added back to the cash flow outlook. Now that is that is pending. Any changes in tax law that could occur as a result of that repeal. So if it was just a straight repeal of that or delay of that then that would be the right interpretation. From an SG&A standpoint, I think the way to think about it is that it would be fairly consistent from an [Indiscernible] standpoint overall. Do we lose you?
John Walsh: Sorry, I was on mute there. That's great. Thank you for taking the questions. I'll pass it along.
Nicole Anasenes: Okay. Thanks so much John.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer, Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good morning. Ajei, let me start with you with a question concerning the 2022 R1 release. One of the interesting components of the release was the reference to what you call custom workspaces or perhaps otherwise known as industry solutions. Could you comment on your broader plan or vision for packaging the software in that way with these custom work spaces for additional industries than the one you started with R1. How do you think this might affect your multi-solution sales over time, for example? And perhaps since you have such a large focus on process in the release, how you think this might affect your demand for Minerva over time? And then for you Nicole, according to the 10-k there was a very large increase in your expected revenue from RPO for 2022. Quite considerable increase in fact versus a year ago and from Q3. Is that mostly an artifact of the number of large transactions that you concluded in Q4? And is this perhaps a new more normal level of expected revenue coming out of RPO for the next 12 month periods?
Ajei Gopal: Yes. Okay. Jay, good morning first. Let me take the first question and then I'll hand it over to Nicole for the second. So the point that you're making actually is a very good point. We have invested in creating a comprehensive platform that supports simulation. And that platform allows for workflow, it allows for data management, it allows for a number of other elements that come together and allow us to move from being a provider of tools to a broader provider of solutions. And so for example one of the things that you saw in our 2021 -- 2022 R1 release was with ANSYS Fluent where we now have a dedicated aerospace workflow that tailors the UI, the user interface to external aerodynamic simulations. So that delivers built-in atmospheric conditions. It optimizes solver settings, relevant input and output parameters and so on. So that's an example of the power that we can bring to bear as a result of the investments that we've made. And of course you can see some of those being reflected throughout the portfolio. Nicole?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. And so, Jay, to your question on the deferred revenue and backlog balance. Yes, you're correct. We closed the quarter with deferred revenue and backlog were about a 1.3 billion and that grew about 30% year-over-year. Now the strong growth came from the great momentum we've been seeing in our business and the success of the sales strategy to shift the business model to multi-year subscription leases. So to the point that you made earlier about strong multi-year performance. Now Q4 was especially strong because of the timing of some of the start dates of contracts executed in Q4. And since some -- since these contracts were signed before Q4 ended these contractual obligations are included in the deferred revenue backlog balance at the end of the year. But if you normalized for some of these contractual commitments which had later start dates, the growth would still be really strong. It would be close to the mid-teens. And so, I would say that overall really strong performance.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Maybe one quick follow-up. Any update on the adoption of ANSYS cloud. You did announce the new relationship with AWS recently at the EDA Conference in December. There was considerable focus by ANSYS at the conference on your cloud work with Microsoft. Perhaps you could comment on that as well? Thanks.
Ajei Gopal: So Jay, I think to better understand the cloud strategy, it might just take me a moment to maybe repeat or to summarize for what -- how ANSYS takes advantage of the cloud and what's important to customers. So let's consider a typical enterprise application that's not simulation. So typical enterprise application like an ERP system for example. It enables some workflows and data sharing between users and a user interaction with that application typically involves something like a database lookup and a database update. The amount of compute power that's required is small and predictable and that allows the application vendor, the SasS vendor to choose a cloud for their application based on their criteria. The application runs in the vendor's instance in that cloud and the vendor will typically charge a customer a fee to use the application based on the number of users or other metrics. Now, with simulation, simulation is very different from the traditional enterprise application in that the amount of compute required to launch simulation can be enormous. So a single simulation can run for hours across hundreds of cores. A single user can launch multiple simulations in parallel. And that can translate into a lot of compute and related costs. And that's why high performance computing or HPC at scale is so important to us and to our customers. Now, historically customers have run HPC workloads in their own data centers, so their own private clouds if you will. And simulation has been one of the more demanding workloads. Now as a cost of and the availability of HPC has come down in the public cloud, some of our customers are working directly with the hyperscale cloud vendors to migrate or augment their private clouds with HPC in the public cloud. And so, a customer might often do this in the context of a broad data center update strategy in which multiple workloads including the HPC workload are being migrated to the public cloud. And obviously different customers will pick different hyperscale public cloud providers depending on the terms and the needs and the commercial arrangements and so forth. So there are two conclusions, Jay, to draw from these facts. The first is that it's essential for us to support HPC on multiple hyperscale cloud providers. And the second is because simulation workload could be run on premises in a private cloud one day and it could be run in the public cloud the next, we have to support flexible licensing. And specifically we must allow customers to be able to purchase incremental elastic licenses to support their public cloud simulation work, as well as giving them the ability to bring and use the licenses that they may have used on premises to bring it to the cloud. So that's the essence of our strategy. And we've continued to support our customers with flexible licensing as they use ANSYS products and in the public cloud of their choice. So you mentioned a couple of -- a couple of announcements. So first let me talk about ANSYS cloud. This is a product we've had in the market for a while. And I've spoken of it before. It's built on Azure. It supports flexible licensing. It allows our customers to take advantage of scale out compute on the Azure cloud running on the ANSYS managed instance. ANSYS cloud revenues customer usage are both growing. We've seen a ForEx increase in compute usage year over year. The second product that we refer to which we announced earlier this year is in collaboration with Amazon web services. The ANSYS' gateway powered by AWS, it provides a seamless access and deployment of ANSYS products on AWS. It offers scalability and flexibility. It allows customers to maintain their existing AWS relationships by pairing their hardware access through AWS with their ANSYS software. In other words, the customers run on their own instance and not on the ANSYS instance. And so this obviously provides a path for monetization for AWS and of course for ANSYS as well. So that's the strategy, that's the context of those products and obviously, hopefully this explains what we're trying to accomplish.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yes. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Mr. Adam Borg of Stefil. Please go ahead.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe just to follow up on the ANSYS gateway question. So, I understand that that ANSYS gateway native AWS, excuse me, that's a browser-based solution. Is the goal for the entire ANSYS portfolio to be made available over time on ANSYS gateway?
Ajei Gopal: So obviously, the intent is to make sure that our customers can take advantage of the portfolio of -- the ANSYS portfolio on the public cloud. And you should expect to see ANSYS products being broadly available on the cloud.
Adam Borg: Great. And maybe just to follow up with more of a housekeeping question. Nicole, could you just comment on what the organic constant currency growth rate was for ACV and revenue just for the 4Q and also for calendar year 2021? Thank you so much.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So thanks Adam. We saw strong growth [Indiscernible]. So as you can calculate some prior guidance on the impact of DGI and that the same actually investigated before. In 2021, we had really stronger growth [ph].
Adam Borg: Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Gal Munda of Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Gal Munda: Hey, good morning, and thank you for taking my questions. The first one is just around the commentary that we're getting on the automotive and just in general transportation industry, but maybe zooming out -- zooming in on the automotive side it's something that's been recovering after years of kind of subdued investment and now it seems like everyone's expanding the R&D expenditure there. In terms of what you're seeing in your results today when you're saying that those -- the vertical is starting to really ramp up. Would you say, it's the first inning of that or have you started seeing like the real benefit of electrification and obviously autonomy coming later down the line? So basically, is this another short cycle that is better off the weak cycle? Do you think this could start off a more substantial structural growth in the industry for you?
Ajei Gopal: Well, let me let me quickly take that, Gal. So when you think about the automotive industry, obviously, it's one of our Top Three verticals, electronics and semiconductors, automotive and ground transportation, aerospace, the top three verticals. It's an area where we've historically had a lot of strength. As you rightly point out, the areas where there is a lot of customer interest right now is in both electrification and autonomy. And a few years ago I would have said that there was a significantly more interest perhaps in autonomy as a possibly than more near-term activity. But what we're seeing right now is that some of the vendors or some of the OEMs have pulled back a little bit from their expectations maybe the more aggressive timelines they had. But a lot of the work that's on autonomy is going towards ADAS improving driver safety and so forth. So there continues to be lots of investment in that space even though full autonomy might be further away. As far as electrification is concerned, as you know, it's not just about the powertrain. Obviously when you're thinking about the powertrain and the electric, the transformation from the internal combustion engine into an electric motor, that's where our high fidelity multiphysics workflows come in that allows you to design better and more thermal efficient motors and batteries and power electronic components, all of that is part of the electrified powertrain. But in addition there is a change. It's not just about changing the internal combustion engine to an electric motor. This is an opportunity to rethink and redesign the car. And so that means, there's more analysis, for example, for safety and understanding what failure modes look like. More analysis on a noise and vibration and understanding what the ambience within the or the ambient experience in the car cabin is going to look like, on crash analysis and impact analysis. So there's a number of different areas, all of which where we have -- all of which we have strength in, which companies are pursuing in their pursuit of electrification. So we're very excited about the work that's taking place. And we see this as being an ongoing long-term tailwind for us in that particular vertical.
Analyst: That's really helpful. Thank you, Ajei. And then maybe Nicole, just the question on the guidance when you think about the ACV growth and the ACV number crossing that two billion for the first time. What are you assuming underlying in terms of the recurring ACV as a proportion of ACV as you have? Is the recent trends of going crossing the 80% in recurring? Is that what you're assuming in that? In other words, is that -- could there be increment of a little headwind for the next couple of years coming from the fact that you are assuming to sign more recurring deals versus perpetual?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. That is definitely implicit in our guidance is that, as you recall in 2020 there was a more -- there was more of a trough around perpetual 2021 reflected I'd say kind of getting back to the normal level of perpetual we had. So our underlying view is that the momentum of customers is moving towards time-based licensing and that will continue over time as the business model has shifted pretty substantially towards that over the past five years. And so, our underlying assumption in 2022 is that the mix is a little bit more normalized. And as a result, ACV is growing faster than revenue as a result of that mixed compare dynamic.
Analyst: Sure. That's perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Tyler Radke, Citi. Please go ahead.
Tyler Radke: Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask you Ajei about some of the semiconductor deals that you did this quarter. Seemed like there was a lot of activity between some of the certification on Samsung's three and four nanometer, as well as number of eight figure deals. I guess just a couple questions. I guess when you when you are building out these partnerships, are you seeing kind of your semiconductor customers take on more your products. I guess or is this a number of solutions beyond just RedHawk on the kind of the leading node processes. And then more broadly as you think about some of the multi-year chip shortages that semiconductor companies are facing. Like how is this kind of changing their road map for using ANSYS products? Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. So, when you think about our involvement with semiconductor companies and as I mentioned this, obviously, the companies have been historically doing semis as well as some of the system companies that are doing semis. There's obviously been a lot more activity in that space. What we are able to bring to bear is the entirety of the portfolio. And I mentioned some of this during my script. Look when you think about 3D ICs for example, that's really where you can scale performance and functionality across multiple dyes in a single package. And that requires an integrated multiphysics approach. And that includes simulating for example, the structures, the optics, the photonics electromagnetics, all of those are outside of the traditional RedHawk product line, right? So it's HFSS and others. So, when you think about these complex designs. And then certainly when you move beyond the chip itself and you think about chip package system for electronics, it really brings in -- brings to bear the entirety of a portfolio. So, and I gave you an example also in the script of a company that's using some of our safety analysis providing automotive -- providing semiconductors for the automotive industry and how our safety analysis work, which might seem counterintuitive or unintuitive. The safety analysis work is relevant at the semiconductor level all the way up to the larger automotive level. So those are examples of how our portfolio is being used. But we feel like we have a lot to offer our customers, because of the multiphysics investments that we've made over the years and the strength of the portfolio.
Tyler Radke: Great. And just on the second point of the question just around the supply chain constraints and semiconductor shortage. Like do you think that's kind of further evangelizing or increasing the amount of simulation that semiconductor companies are deploying?
Ajei Gopal: Yes. Look, I think for the shortage of semiconductors, obviously, there's a challenge in terms of being able to get semiconductors to where they need to be used and we're seeing this across multiple industries, that hasn't fundamentally affected the design activity. And that's really where we come in. We work with our customers on the design as opposed to the manufacturing of their products. And obviously, part of what we're doing with respect to the certifications with the foundries is to make sure that we are in a position to support them with our technologies as they go into to the foundry. But those are examples of us proactively working to make sure that the industry is able to move forward. But look it's -- we're not tied to manufacturing. We tied to design. And that's really primarily -- that's across all of our product lines. And so, even if a semiconductor shortage causes a shortage for example or some delay on an assembly line in a automotive company, again it doesn't affect the design work that we're involved with in the automotive company. So that's I think the strength of the ANSYS business and that gives us confidence in the way we think about our business going forward.
Tyler Radke: Great. And then just one last one for Nicole. If I look at your guidance on constant currency organic ACV for this year, it's a few points higher than the initial guidance that you gave last year. So just wanted to understand kind of what's giving you that that level of confidence especially comping a pretty strong year? Any changes in kind of your guidance philosophy or is it maybe the strong backlog number that's giving you that confidence? Thank you.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean, I would say, fundamentally 2021 was a really strong year. And I'd say, if you compare to where we were at the beginning of last year, we had just come off of a really significant compare dynamic around Q4 2020, right? But the underlying momentum of the business as you could see through the full year of beat and raise, definitely exceeded our expectations as we exited 2021. So going into 2022, our expectation is that guidance will -- or that performance will continue to be broad-based, it was broad-based across customer sets, geographies, industries, I mean it was pretty consistent. And so, I would say that that's the primary factor in the underlying confidence around what we consider to be a pretty strong expectation of double-digit growth of 10% at the midpoint in ACV.
Tyler Radke: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be from Ken Wong of Guggenheim Securities. Please go ahead.
Ken Wong: Great. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to build off, Tyler's question just now, but perhaps this one targeted in the direction of Ajei. Just thinking about that that ACV growth number next year, any changes in the strategic priorities that you might be focusing on whether it's a go-to-market, end markets, partnerships that we should be thinking about that might help kind of influence the growth either at the lower or the high end of those targets?
Ajei Gopal: Well, as I said in my script, if you look back in 2020 to 2021 and certainly Q4 as well. In 2021, we saw strength across all major industries, across all major geographies, across all of our major go-to-market routes. And we saw growth in both direct as well as indirect. We saw growth -- if you look at the pyramid with enterprise customers at the tippy top and the volume accounts at the bottom of the pyramid, we saw growth across the customer segments. And the regions contributed there, they all grew double digits from ACV perspective last year. And the product lines kind of grew as expected. So I feel very good about all of that. That just should go goes to show that the business is performing across multiple dimensions in a way that you would want to have happen. And so, part of our plan going forward is to continue to be able to build on that momentum into 2022.
Ken Wong: Got it. Got it. And then, for Nicole, just wanted to ask about on the operating margin side. When we think about that 41%, 42%, is this more -- is there a heavier amount of catch-up spend inflation that's embedded in there relative to a typical year? And potentially we can see that is -- I don't want to say trough, but kind of abnormally lower than typical? Or is this generally just a heavier investment cycle that we should be thinking about? And just love some thoughts and color on kind of what's baked into the spend dynamics?
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. So, let me just start by saying, and I think I've mentioned this a couple time is that, we're committed to industry leading margins and the ANSYS business model is highly efficient. We have substantial operating leverage and low variable costs. Now, in our 2022 published guidance, you can see that operating leverage in the business model, When the guidance projects ACV to be stronger than revenue growth and cash flow to grow faster than ACV. And that cash flow growth is after absorbing the impact of R&E capitalization, right? Now, in terms of operating margin specifically, revenue growth headwinds from expected license mix really is the primary driver of those operating margin headwinds. And that dynamic is more about accounting in the P&L than operating leverage. The operating leverage really can be seen in those underlying dynamics between ACV and cash flow. Now, in addition, I mentioned in the prepared remarks in both cash flow and operating margin, we do have assumptions of a moderate impact of inflation on expenses. And so that is a bit of a headwind to both. But I would say primarily it's the underlying dynamic around just accounting and where revenue is this year relative to ACV.
Ken Wong: Got it. Fantastic. Thank you so much for the color.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Saket Kalia of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Hey guys. It's Saket. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Ajei, maybe for you. It was a very helpful explanation earlier just around ANSYS strategy for simulation in the cloud. And certainly got the message across around flexible licensing as customers can choose either private or public. I guess maybe the follow-up question to that though is, in just the years that you've been in ANSYS, have you seen any changes I guess in that trend on customers preferring one versus the other? And how do you think about that going forward?
Ajei Gopal: Well, it's like, if you go back to the years that I've been with ANSYS. So if you go back five six years ago, obviously, the use of public cloud for HPC was much lower than it is today. And today the hyperscalers or the hyperscale public cloud providers have invested in building out HPC infrastructures. And they're all working with their customer bases. And as I think about our own customers, some of our customers are working with hyperscalers to figure out what their long-term data center strategy is going to look like. Do they continue to invest in their own data centers? Or they do take advantage of the public cloud -- some combination of the two where you have a hybrid structure where some stuff is running on-prem and you use the cloud as a burst capacity or for peak load periods or things of that nature. So, those are conversations that are ongoing. I think everyone realizes that there's now investment in the public cloud to support high performance computing and their high performance computing nodes. And so that's obviously a possibility that's available to our customers. From our perspective, one of the watch we're experience has always been flexibility to support and meet our customers where they want. And so, we are in a position to support our customers if they want to take advantage of our ANSYS cloud product, we can take it -- we can support them. And we can make it very easy for them to take advantage of the public cloud. If they want to run completely on premises, we can support that, and they can continue to do that. If they want to run on another public cloud, we can support that. So we -- if they want to run on Amazon, we are in a position to support that. In Azure, we're in a position to support that. So it's really -- it really is a flexible structure that we have in place. And I believe that this is exactly what customers are looking for that choice and flexibility on something as important to them as where they're computing and the cost of the compute that they're driving.
Saket Kalia: That makes sense. Nicole, maybe my follow-up for you. I actually missed what you said earlier just on the organic constant currency ACV growth in 2021. Could you just recap that for us? And as part of that, can you just remind us how much Zemax is adding in? Or maybe just broadly, what the organic constant currency ACV growth is assumed in the 2022 guide?
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. Ye, I apologize. I had some technical difficulties earlier, so apologize for those who couldn't hear my answer. Yes. So, for both the fourth quarter and full year 2021, our ACV growth in constant currency was 16%. And when you back out the $86 million to $88 million associated with the combination of AGI and Zemax, You can see that's really strong organic growth both in the quarter and for the full year. Now, as we move into 2022, we're really pleased with ACV guidance of approximately 10% at constant currency at the midpoint. And again, on that business model of double digit growth including tuck-in M&A. And within 2022, we still expect Zemax to have an inorganic impact of about $20 million.
Saket Kalia: That's very clear. Thanks very much guys.
Nicole Anasenes: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question will be from Andrew Obin, Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Andrew Obin: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Nicole Anasenes: Good morning.
Ajei Gopal: Good morning.
Andrew Obin: So, first question about cash flow. If you exclude the $60 million, $80 million incremental drag from the U.S. R&D tax credit change. 2022 for cash flow guidance is actually a nice step up from last year. What are the key factors driving the improvement and free cash flow conversion? How sustainable it is going forward?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean, I would say, as we go -- as we exited, went throughout 2021 and going into 2022, we saw more of a return to a more normalized collection environments past new environments. And so, the underlying momentum of the business and collections is quite strong. And in addition to that in the 2022 guidance, as I had mentioned in my earlier answer, there's significant operating leverage in the business overall around ACV. So although, operating margins overall are relatively flat, but on an -- when you compare the cash flow generation against ACV, because ACV is growing faster than revenue, you really see strong operating leverage. So it's a combination of the underlying momentum of kind of getting back to more normalized collection patterns and the underlying operating leverage in the business that has really driven the strength of the performance going into 2022.
Andrew Obin: Got you. And just a broader question. Philosophically, how do you think about the share price when considering buybacks versus M&A opportunities? And do you have any constraints really given that the balance sheet here on the $100 million debt?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. No. I mean, obviously, the strength of the cash generation of the business and the balance sheet are great assets. And over the years the greatest return we've been able to provide to shareholders is the deployment of access cash using it to acquire premier simulation technologies to fill out the portfolio, to complete what's already the broadest and the deepest portfolio. And last year, some -- sometimes there's just not the right timing or there's nothing imminent to deploy that cash against, so we're not -- there's not something that's going to deliver the right return for shareholders and so in those times we do repurchase shares. Last year we repurchased about 347,000 shares for about $135 million. And so, we would expect to continue to think along those lines of how we think about capital allocation overall.
Andrew Obin: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Kelsey DeBriyn: So, thank you everyone for us. That's all the time we have today. I'm going to turn it over to Ajei, for some closing comments.
Ajei Gopal: Thanks, Kelsey. Once again, I am excited by the excellent progress that ANSYS has made in 2021. I would like to thank the one ANSYS team around the world for our ongoing success. Your work along with our broad-based business momentum and our strong customer relationships give us greater confidence for our prospects in 2022 and beyond. Thank you all for joining today's call. Have a great day.
Operator: Conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ANSYS Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, President and Chief Executive Officer; Nicole Anasenes, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance; and Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President, Investor Relations. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, today’s event is being recorded. At this time, I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. DeBriyn for opening remarks. Please go ahead.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release, the related prepared remarks document and the link to our third quarter Form 10-Q have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website. They contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our third quarter financial results and business update, as well as our Q4 and updated fiscal year 2021 outlook, and the key underlying quantitative and qualitative assumptions. Today’s presentation contains forward-looking information. Important factors that may affect our future results are discussed in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are available on our corporate website. We note that uncertainty regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our performance could cause actual results to differ materially from our projections. Forward-looking statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligations to update any such information. During this call, we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures, unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and reconciliations of GAAP to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release materials. I would now like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Q3 was another excellent quarter for ANSYS, where we beat our financial guidance across all key metrics. With strong ACV growth in the quarter, I’m delighted that year to date, we’re on our stated goal of double-digit ACV growth with tuck-in acquisitions. Our accomplishments thus far in 2021 are further evidence of the success of our strategy of making simulation pervasive across the product lifecycle, our multiphysics product leadership, and our strong customer relationships. Those factors, combined with customers’ continued investment in R&D initiatives are driving demand for ANSYS’ multiphysics solutions. With a robust deal pipeline and momentum in the business bolstering our confidence, we are raising our full-year financial guidance above and beyond the impact of our strong Q3 top-line performance. Nicole will have the details in a few minutes. From vertical and geographical perspectives, our Q3 results came in as expected. The high-tech and semiconductor, aerospace & defense, and automotive and ground transportation sectors were again our largest contributors. Looking at our major geographies, the Americas again led the way, followed by Asia Pacific. We expect each region to have its largest quarter in Q4, with the quarterly skew to be more pronounced in Q4 for Europe. One of Q3’s highlights was a 3-year $58 million agreement with a North American high-tech customer. From an ACV perspective, this deal was the second largest multiyear contract in our history. This customer was already using solutions from across the ANSYS multiphysics portfolio and is now expanding its number of simulation users. It is using ANSYS for diverse applications, ranging from ensuring the reliability of radio frequency systems to meeting sustainability goals across its product line and to chip-package-system analysis for power and signal integrity. Another key deal in Q3 was a multiyear agreement with Seagate technology, a leader in mass data storage solutions. Seagate is a longtime ANSYS customer, and this new contract broadens the company’s use of multiphysics simulation, to address next generation product challenges faced by its global customer base. For example, Seagate is using ANSYS multiphysics products to assess thermal effects and acoustics to create a seamless workflow to enable higher capacity hard drives and to streamline process integration for heat-assisted magnetic recording. The company also now has access to our optical suite of products to drive further innovations. As we have discussed, our small and medium-sized customers, or SMBs, were disproportionately affected by the pandemic. However, during the last few quarters, we are seeing a recovery. And SMB customers have increased their investment in ANSYS simulation. Our ongoing increase in sales from our SMB customers gives me further confidence as we plan for Q4 and beyond. During these calls, I typically give you some insights into various aspects of the ANSYS business. In the past, I have discussed our best-in-class electromagnetic solutions, our unparalleled product scalability and the extreme accuracy of our structural solutions. As you heard me discuss with Seagate, optical simulation is becoming increasingly important for our customer base. In fact, in Q3, about 5% of our agreements included an optical simulation product in the order. Given that, as well as our recent closing of the Zemax acquisition, I would like to spend some time today, discussing our offerings for optical simulation. Three years ago, ANSYS did not have any optical simulation products in our portfolio. Today though, companies can rely on ANSYS for an end-to-end solution, spanning the gamut from photons to electrons based on 3 product lines. The first, ANSYS Lumerical empowers users to design and analyze integrated photonic components and systems, and model challenging product problems including interacting optical, electrical and thermal effects. The second product line, ANSYS SPEOS simulates the system’s optical performance and evaluates the final illumination effect by enabling high-fidelity visualization based on human vision and camera-sensing capabilities. Third is our recent acquisition of Zemax, which enables customers to accurately model the behavior of lights through complex optical lens systems. Instead of working independently as a siloed offering, our optical simulation suite operates as part of a complete multi-physics workflow. Taken together, the ANSYS optical solution is used for a diverse set of applications ranging from camera and lidar arrays found in autonomous vehicles, to telecommunications and mobile phone cameras, to medical equipment and other visual aids. For example, in Q3, Sandia National Lab signed an agreement leading to expanded use of Lumerical technologies. Sandia develops leading-edge integrated photonic and nano-photonic solutions for quantum computing, imaging and sensing. The lab uses Lumerical tools to design model and simulate custom photonic components and behavior in a circuit environment. In the automotive sector, industry leader, Ford, uses ANSYS products including SPEOS, and the ANSYS vehicle headlight solution in the styling and design of its predictive smart headlamps, and to optimize and validate headlight performance. Our headlight solution features real time physics-based optical simulation and driver in the loop functionality to replicate the physical world with a high degree of predictive accuracy. Automotive giant Mazda is also increasing its use of SPEOS for internal and exterior lighting, head up displays and cameras, thanks to a sales agreement in Q3. In aerospace and defense, an ANSYS customers using all 3 of our optical product lines across multiple applications, the customer relies on Lumerical for creating photonics integrated circuits, it uses SPEOS for detecting radiation leaks from aircraft enclosures, and this customer is also using Zemax to study lens deformation. While still new to our portfolio and a relatively small contributor to our overall financial results, these optical solutions fit squarely into our go-to-market motion, and our sales team understands how to market these products. Based on the ANSYS strategy of pervasive simulation, our optical customers can easily access products across our portfolio to perform true multi-physics analysis. We saw an excellent example of that with another aerospace and defense customer that was challenged with a wing camera that was capturing blurry images. By using a combination of ANSYS optical and ANSYS fluids products, the customer was able to correct the problem and deliver crisp images even at extreme speeds in bad weather. Moving to our partners, I’m excited that we are expanding our relationship with Autodesk by embedding ANSYS’ electromagnetic simulation capabilities to explore and validate printed circuit board designs within the Fusion 360 workflow. This first of a kind Autodesk Fusion 360 extension will enable CAD users to perform near real time PCB analysis and retrieve real time insights into their electromagnetic performance to accelerate the development of next generation products. We have also expanded connectivity of ANSYS Twin Builder to industrial control systems through Rockwell Automation enhanced Studio 5000 Simulation Interface. Users can connect digital twins to emulator controllers to optimize production at the design stage, or physical controllers to enhance equipment performance in real time, for example, in predictive maintenance. I am pleased that we have expanded our partnership with TSMC to create a comprehensive thermal analysis solution for multi-dye semiconductor designs using ANSYS RedHawk-SC Electrothermal and ANSYS Icepak. Along with TSMC’s silicon stacking and advanced packaging technologies, users can analyze complete chip and package systems with high fidelity results. We are also collaborating with Fujitsu to enable more sustainable product development for our customers. ANSYS LS-DYNA now supports Fujitsu’s energy efficient prime HPC supercomputers, which will help customers reduce energy consumption and costs by offloading simulation workloads to a more energy efficient machine. Keeping with our environmental, social and governance initiatives for a moment, we recently published our simulation products handprint for autonomous vehicles. This report illustrates the role that simulation plays in the development of autonomous vehicles, including in sensors, automated driving software, and safety testing. Using simulation to develop autonomous vehicles will lead to significant societal and environmental benefits, ranging from a drop in traffic fatalities to a reduction in emissions. We have also submitted our initial report with the climate disclosure project and expect results by the end of the year. Similarly, we have begun working on our reports to the task force on climate related financial disclosures, which focuses on governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets. In summary, Q3 was another remarkable quarter for ANSYS. We beat guidance across all key financial metrics, and have met our goal of delivering double-digit growth year-to-date. We’re also expanding our product leadership in our core solutions as well as an important emerging area such as optical simulation. These factors combined with a strong Q4 sales pipeline and outstanding execution give me further confidence in our ability to meet our newly increased outlook for 2021. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Nicole. Nicole?
Nicole Anasenes: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Let me take a few minutes to add some additional perspective on our third quarter financial performance and provide context for our outlook and assumptions for Q4 and 2021. The third quarter demonstrated the strength of our business as we delivered robust growth during the quarter. ACV was strong and in line with our expectations, while revenue, operating margin and EPS exceeded the high-end of our Q3 guidance driven by the mix of license types sold in the quarter, both our large enterprise customers and SMB customers performed well, and our growth during the quarter with broad-based. Now, let me discuss some of our Q3 financial highlights. Q3 ACV was $365.4 million, and grew year-over-year 20% or 19% in constant currency. We saw strong performance across customer types, geographies and industries. ACV from recurring sources represented 76% of the total. Q3 total revenue was $445.4 million and grew 21% or 20% in constant currency, which as I mentioned, exceeded the high-end of our guidance driven by license mix. Q3 revenue growth was also wide ranging across tough customer types and industries. For the first 3 quarters of 2021, we had strong top-line performance with ACV and revenue both growing double-digit at 17% and 19%, respectively. As Ajei mentioned, for both Q3 and Q3 year-to-date, we are executing against our business model of double-digit growth, including tuck-in M&A. We closed the quarter with a total balance of GAAP deferred revenue and backlog of $899.5 million. During the quarter, we continue to manage our business with fiscal discipline. This yielded a solid third quarter gross margin of 89.9% and an operating margin of 39.7%, which was better than our Q3 guidance. Operating margin was positively impacted by revenue performance from license mix, as well as the timing of investments. The results with third quarter EPS of $1.59, which was also above the high-end of our guidance. Similar to operating margin, EPS benefited from strong revenue results from license mix and the timing of investments. Our effective tax rate in Q3 was 19%, the tax rate we expect for the fourth quarter of 2021. Our cash flow from operations in Q3 totaled $157.8 million, which benefited from strong collections, primarily driven by robust Q2 growth, favorable timing of intra-quarter sales, and a reduction in the percent of receivables past due. We ended the quarter with $1,081.4 million of cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet. In line with our capital allocation priorities, we repurchased approximately 97,000 shares during the quarter for around $36 million. We have 2.7 million shares available for repurchase under the current authorized share repurchase program. Additionally, on October 1, we acquired Zemax for a purchase price of $399.1 million net of cash acquired. Now, let me turn to the topic of guidance. We continue to build confidence in our outlook for the year given the improved sales pipeline we see in the fourth quarter. As a result, we are initiating guidance for Q4 and increasing our ACV revenue, operating margin, EPS and operating cash flow outlook for the full year. This raise reflects the strong financial performance in the third quarter and the increased momentum of our sales pipeline going into the fourth quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $614.9 million to $654.9 million, operating margin in the range of 44.5% to 47%, and EPS in the range of $2.48 to $2.81. As I mentioned, for the full year, we are raising our ACV revenue, operating margin, EPS and operating cash flow outlook. We are increasing our full-year ACV Outlook to be in the range of $1,825 million to $1,860 million. This represents growth of 12.9% to 15.1% or 12.6% to 14.7% in constant currency. Our Q4 and full year 2021 guidance is based on continued momentum in the business and a Q4 pipeline that has accelerated since our August guidance. It does not include a repeat of the outside spending behavior we saw in December 2020 after vaccines were announced. The raise also incorporates approximately $6 million to $8 million of contribution from Zemax in Q4, which is offset by approximately $6 million to $8 million of currency headwind. As a result, we are raising the midpoint of our ACV guidance by $20 million, which translates to an increase of 1.5 points of constant currency growth compared to our August guidance. We expect revenue to be in the range of $1,885 million to $1,925 million, which is growth of 11.2% to 13.5% or 10.6% to 12.9% in constant currency. This raise reflects our strong Q3 revenue performance driven by license mix, as well as the incremental organic revenue from the momentum of our Q4 pipeline. Like ACV, our increased revenue incorporates approximately $6 million to $8 million contribution from Zemax, which is offset by approximately $6 million to $8 million of currency headwinds. As a result, we are raising the midpoint of our revenue guidance by $40 million, which translates to constant currency growth of 3 points higher, than the midpoint of our August guidance. As you know, ASC 606 introduces revenue growth volatility within the quarters. However, on a full-year basis, revenue growth is less volatile. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we expect the revenue growth rate to be impacted by the year-over-year compare and mix of license types sold in the fourth quarter 2020 versus our current 2021 fourth quarter pipeline. We are increasing our full-year operating margin and now expect operating margin to be in the range of 40.5% to 41.5%. Additionally, we are increasing our full-year EPS, and now expect EPS to be in the range of $7.05 to $7.38. This increase incorporates our Q3 performance and is offset by approximately $0.05 of currency headwinds. It is worth noting that some of our strong Q3 EPS performance was driven by the timing of investments that move from Q3 to the fourth quarter of the year. Now, let me turn to our full-year operating cash flow guidance. We are increasing our 2021 outlook to a range of $505 million to $535 million. This increase is driven by stronger collections expected during the year and is partially offset by approximately $3 million to $5 million of currency headwinds. Further details around specific currency rates and other assumptions that has been factored into our Q4 and 2021 guidance are contained in the prepared remarks document. Consistent with our standard practice, we will provide detailed 2022 guidance once we finalize our 2022 planning process and close out 2021. I would like to thank the ANSYS team for their outstanding execution during the quarter, which drove our robust Q3 financial performance and continued momentum going into our last quarter of the year. We once again delivered a strong quarter, which coupled with our recurring business model and growing sales pipeline, demonstrated the strength of the ANSYS business. We are well positioned to deliver on our 2021 outlook, as well as our longer-term financial objectives. Operator, we will now open the phone lines to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And, ladies and gentlemen, our first question today comes from John Vruwink with Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: Oh, great. Hi, everyone. Just on the points of ANSYS growing in line with the targets, you provided back in 2019, how different is the composition of the growth today relative to the original budget? For instance, something like optical, not around to 2019, now 5% of bookings. Is it true to say there is maybe newer and faster growing contributors to ACV? And if that is true, does it suggest that there is also areas of the business that might be on the lagging end of recovery, and so you get bigger contributors in future years?
Nicole Anasenes: Yeah. So I’ll take that. Thanks so much for your question, John. So, yes, as you can – as you point out, we are well within our model of double-digit growth. With tuck-in acquisitions on the year-to-date basis, our growth certainly puts us squarely on that model. What I would say is, there are 2 components to that. So the core itself, the core structures, fluids, those businesses are still solid contributors to growth and continue to grow. As you point out, we have been building the broadest, deepest simulation portfolio over multiple decades. And that has only accelerated in the past 5 years. And so, I think Ajei’s talk about the optical business is an example of something that was maybe quite nascent, a couple of years ago, that is quite robust, competitive and extensive right now. And so, I would give that as an example. Ajei, do you want to comment anything for that?
Ajei Gopal: Yeah, so when we talked about in 2000, when we gave long-term guidance, if you look at the addressable market, we talked about the core, the foundations of the business. And then, we talked about a high growth adjacencies, including areas such as autonomy, electrification, IoT, 5G. And we talked about some of the investments that we were making. And in particular, we did talk about optical as an area that we were investing in, in particular, to support things like autonomous vehicles, as well as to support things like 5G for the purposes of interconnects, and so forth. And so, we’ve essentially been executing against the strategy that we laid out. I’ll also want to correct a point that you made in your question. You said 5% of the bookings came from optical. That’s not what I said in my script. What I said is that 5% of the deals had some optical component within the within the agreement with the customer. So there was some aspect of optical within that. Optical, of course, is a relatively small piece of our business today.
Joe Vruwink: Okay, thanks, Ajei, for the clarification. I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Andrew Obin of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Andrew Obin: Hey, guys, good morning.
Nicole Anasenes: Good morning.
Ajei Gopal: Good morning.
Andrew Obin: Just a question. If you look at the numbers, sort of a fairly significant outgrowth in the U.S., relative to the rest of the world. Could you just talk about how this COVID – A, what’s driving it? I assume a lot of it is COVID driven. And how the reopening dynamic could sort of change those going into the yearend and into next year, i.e., what would it take for the rest of the world to catch up with the U.S.? And why is the U.S. so robust? Thank you.
Nicole Anasenes: Yeah. Thanks so much for your question, Andrew. So as you pointed out, over the last 12 months, America has continued to be a consistent strong performer, and lead the company in creating value for our customers. A couple of deals with the, one that Ajei mentioned in his remarks, the $58 million agreement with a leading North American technology company is an example of – I think the model that we have exported around the world and leaves some of the strength in our other regions like APAC, where the customer has already been using solutions from across the ANSYS multiphysics portfolio, but is now expanding the number of simulation users. And so, we’ve done a very good job at building deep relationships with customers, understanding their short and their long-term development roadmaps, and enabling them to be able to propagate the use of simulation to broader use-cases, to connect to physics and to also connect to other users and in the process to leverage that simulation. And so, that model that America executes quite well, is the model that we’re executing around the world. And just as an example, our Asia-Pacific region has executed exceptionally. They had another quarter, a very strong growth with 21%, constant currency growth – I’m sorry, 21% growth in the region at a constant currency basis. And the strength in that region was broad-based across industry, customer types, geographies. We had several 7 figure contracts in Asia Pacific, that added growth to the high-tech sector, where customers are really showing enthusiasm for not just the core portfolio, but the adjacencies as well. So there is a common theme here, where we’re broadening and deepening the relationships within the customer, with our core technology, having strong footholds and solid growth, but also leveraging the organic and the inorganic investments that we’ve been making over the past 5 years, to accelerate the footprint globally. And so, I would say the core strength of the portfolio and the investments that we’ve been making, during the course of the pandemic, with our customers and in our portfolio are really the drivers of the acceleration and performance of growth. To some degree, there is a little bit of recovery. It’s that Asia Pacific probably had a little bit ahead in the recovery versus America. There are still unevenness in terms of customers are preferring to meet in person. So I wouldn’t characterize things as returned to normal quite yet. But certainly, the business model is resilient. It is showing through, regardless of the challenges that we’ve seen in the pandemic.
Andrew Obin: Oh, wow. Thank you. So it has much as sort of reopening as structural changes in the business model, is that the right way of reading it?
Nicole Anasenes: Yeah, I’d say it’s the success that the management team is enjoying as a result of building out that robust portfolio in that business model. But I think, also the point around investing during the pandemic is, is important to note. I mean, it’s really easy in a tough time to barrel down the hatches and not make investments in the business. That’s kind of what people might expect. But there is a very proactive or very deliberate decision to not over-pivot in that direction, because of our confidence in the opportunity around what we do and the value that we can add to our customers. And so, I really do feel like we’re going to be coming out of the pandemic, whenever that might be in a real position of strength.
Ajei Gopal: And I think, just to add one small point to Nicole’s response there, when you think about the investments that customers make in ANSYS, it’s really triggered by their investments in R&D. And obviously, globally, you’re seeing investments in R&D, customers continuing to look at next generation products and offerings, and that’s where simulation comes in. So the fact that we can help them with building their next generation, again, points to the importance of our technology. And that’s what allows us to be in a position to make these relationships and sales during a pandemic, or any other time for that matter.
Andrew Obin: Thank you. And just a follow-up question, I think on a previous call, you guys highlighted how small and medium business sort of tends to lead your core business. And you made some remarks about small and medium. You are continuing to see improvement. But can you just talk about sort of sequential trends in SMB? And what this portend – if you still view it as a leading indicator for the rest of the business go into the yearend and next year? And I know you did improve your 4Q outlook, but just maybe more color there. Thanks so much.
Nicole Anasenes: Sure, I’ll start and if there’s anything you have to add – you’d like to add, Ajei. So, yes, as I mentioned in our opening remarks, we continue to see strength in the SMB customer-set in Q3. And we’re really pleased with the momentum that we’ve seen now 4 quarters in a row. And so, I think that’s what’s given us the confidence in continuing to raise throughout the year, in addition to the fact that our pipeline with our large customers is solid, robust, and continues to evolve and improve. And so, I’m not sure that the two are interrelated. I think that they’re somewhat related in the broader sense of recovery. But I do feel like, although we’re not quite at pre-pandemic behavior within the SMB set, we’re really pleased with the ongoing momentum, and what we’ve been delivering in that business.
Ajei Gopal: Yeah. And just to amplify one of the points Nicole made, the large customer dynamic is somewhat different from the SMB. For the most part, the large customer dynamic is driven by the long-term relationships that we’ve maintained with our direct sales-force with these customers. Many of these are long-term customers of ours. They’ve built their processes around ANSYS. And when it comes to a new project, or a new activity, as they start to continue to evolve their R&D efforts, they turn to us as a vendor. And so, there’s an opportunity within those customers to expand the footprint based on long-term relationships. In the case of SMBs, in many cases, the SMBs are relationships that we have through channel partners. And, some of these customers may be relatively new customers. They may be relatively early in their life as an organization. And so, I wouldn’t necessarily say SMB is a leading indicator, which was the point that you made. I wouldn’t necessarily say it’s a leading indicator. These are two different – there are slightly different dynamics across both the SMB and enterprise. And, each one of them has their own go-to-market motion and supporting activity.
Andrew Obin: Fantastic. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Gal Munda with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Gal Munda: Yeah. Good morning. And thank you for taking my questions. Maybe the first one, just in terms of the raised ACV guidance that we’re seeing, again, you did a second time in a row, kind of becoming material. I was just wondering what enabled you that. Is it this trend that you’ve seen in SMB in Q3 or – and also, coupled with strength in Asia that you mentioned? Or is it just the outlook? As you look into Q4, you mentioned the pipeline looks really strong in terms of what’s still to come in Q4 versus what you originally expected?
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. So, in Q3, we had a really strong Q3 as you point out with that strong double-digit growth. Q3 ACV did come in line really close within our expectations. And so, the raise on ACV in Q4 is really a function of the improved momentum that has been building since the last time we shared guidance in August, across the board. And so, what I would say is when you look at how we delivered year to date and in the quarter, it’s been pretty broad-based across industries and customers. And, that’s kind of the reflection of what I would characterize the momentum in Q4. There is not any isolated one-off thing that is driving that view. It is more kind of an overall momentum building that you’ve been seeing, as you rightly point out, we’ve been able to raise throughout the year, I mean, as you recall in the beginning of the year, we still were not sure whether what the kind of dynamics around recovery were going to look like. And so, we’ve been kind of sharing with you as we see things ahead of us, and systematically raising expectations over time.
Gal Munda: That’s very helpful. Thanks, Nicole. And then just as a follow-up, maybe, Ajei to you. You mentioned Autodesk partnership that is expanding again, especially in terms of electromagnetic introducing PCB simulation within the Fusion 360 product. You’ve also worked closely with PTC on the test side with both Discovery Live and ANSYS simulation. It’s kind of a slightly different physics for each of the partners. Is there a possibility that you start introducing more of the traditional physics solvers into the Autodesk partnership and vice versa? Would you expand the PTC partnership with electromagnetic side as well?
Ajei Gopal: Well, I think, look at the end of the day, Gal, when you think about it, partnerships allow ANSYS to really expand our market reach by leveraging what our partners bring to the table. They’ll bring complementary technology skills. They have a brand. They can help us reach different customer segments, so that more people can benefit from simulation. Partnering allows us to create a combined solution with a leading vendor. So at the end of the day, customers can benefit from a more complete solution than either one of us can provide on our own. Now, key to our partnerships and you’ll see this all along, key to our partnerships is maintaining an open ecosystem. So we’re not about – our partnerships are not about blocking things off, but are making things available, opening things up. And our strategy and our products remain open, so that customers can create the optimal system to meet their needs. So as you think about our partnership strategy, just think about that, we are open to trying to make sure that we can leverage and work with our partners to make our customers benefit from the entirety of what we can bring to bear, because we have an open strategy. I can’t comment about specifically any individual partnership of the direction that it may go. But, hopefully have some perspective of how we think about partnerships.
Gal Munda: That’s helpful. Thanks, Ajei.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from Tyler Radke of Citi. Please go ahead.
Tyler Radke: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Ajei, just a high-level question for you, I mean, clearly, you put up a couple really strong quarters here, and it sounds like the pipeline is really healthy into Q4. Just as we think about what’s going on more broadly with supply chain constraints and, obviously, putting pressure on kind of physical testing requirements. How much of the strength do you think could be attributed to some of the supply chain and just macro challenges that the customers are going through? And, I guess, just curious if you feel like this period is further evangelizing or potentially accelerating the need for simulation. In other words, do you feel like this is kind of a new sustainable growth rate going forward? Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: Well, so let me address your question in 2 sort of timeframe, one is you think about the short term. So in the short-term, supply chain disruptions may be affecting many businesses, but we’re really not one of the businesses that’s affected by the supply chain. And the reason is, as I mentioned earlier, the use of our software is tied to the design of products, is tied to the R&D phase for the most part, and it’s not denominated by manufacturing. So whether if a customer has challenges with the supply chain, and they can’t produce as many units of a particular product that’s been designed with our technology that doesn’t affect our relationship with the customer, they’re already designing what that next product looks like, and they’re working with our engineers, or they’re working with our technology to figure out what the future looks like. So our customers continue to make investments during – in R&D, and it’s really not affected by the supply chain in the short-term, so we have no real short-term issues there. When you think about it from a long-term perspective, I think, you’re also alluding to this in your question. When you think about the long-term perspective, companies, I think, around the globe are questioning exactly how they need to think about their supply chains going forward. So will they be a change in the way they’ve been thinking about the supply chains, and in some cases, you’re seeing customer thinking about moving manufacturing closer to where the final product is actually going to be used. This isn’t necessarily building factories in the more traditional way. In many cases, customers are thinking about building next generation factories where they have much more automation, robotics, next generation manufacturing techniques, all of these things are relevant for simulation. We’re in a position – we had ANSYS there in a position to help our customers as they go through this rethinking process, as they go through the design of these next generation capabilities, as they start to think about advanced manufacturing techniques, materials, as they work through the simulation that goes with that we’re in a position to help them. And so, we see this as a long-term tailwind, where we can help customers as they try to figure out what this next generation looks like in their own evolution.
Tyler Radke: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good morning. First question, Ajei, at the company’s IDEAS conference last month hosted by your semiconductor business unit, there were 2 very interesting comments from management regarding the strategic vision that ANSYS has. There was a reference to your becoming a quote cloud first digital platform as a foundation for your future growth that’s quote from the presentation. Similarly, that you foresee a time of simulation platforms and insights as a service again it’s a direct quote. So, and thinking about your cloud future, was the commentary your conference mentor suggests that cloud is not just an adjunct or complement to what you’re doing today in terms of delivering technology, but ultimately becomes the Nexus of how you deliver technology, perhaps, not unlike what PTC discussed for itself on their call last night? And then as a follow-up question, in light of the improving disability in terms of pipeline and the like, can you talk about the investments you’re making or planning to make in technical support and consulting? That’s typically you’re certainly lately, your second highest number of open positions after R&D, and you look like you’re ramping up in that area. So maybe talk about those investments and the availability of the necessary personnel for that function.
Ajei Gopal: Sure, Jay, so let me try to unpack your question. And let me start with the longer-term direction comment that you asked. And, I think, look you’ll hear a lot more about strategic direction for where we’re going over the next year, and so on, think of some of the comments that you heard as [dembrading] [ph] some of the super exciting times that [our hit branches] [ph] and our customers. You talked a little bit about Cloud, we’ve got ANSYS Cloud out there, which manages access to high performance computing resources, it’s just remember that many of our customers for them Cloud is about being able to access high performance computing at scale, and enabling some of these larger high fidelity simulations to run a scale. And so, in this last quarter on this call, I talked about the scalability of some of our product products that was enabled by a customer for us at the Technical University of Eindhoven, where they solved a an aerodynamic problem with something like 3 billion computational cells with 20 billion unknowns. And that scalability is possible, of course, because of core technical advancements that we’ve done. So, for example, we sped up mesh generation by 20X, which is obviously a bottleneck in the creation of detailed simulation of transient phenomena. But also, we were in a position to give access to cloud computing resources. And, in fact, just this week, Satya Nadella in his keynote at Microsoft Ignite use the same example to show what is possible on the ANSYS Cloud platform, which is essentially ANSYS’ products running on Azure on the world’s most powerful AI supercomputer. So that was one example, I think of Cloud that I’m excited about. We support flexible licensing models, we support an elastic pay-as-you-go model, we support a hybrid model, which mixes and matches elastic as well as lease licenses. And this year, we’ve continued to expand the number of products that we’ve added into cloud capabilities. For example, we’ve added an LS-DYNA, we’ve added in Lumerical products, we’ve added in SOC2 certification, we continue to improve our overall customer experience. And we’ve also seen significant increases in cloud usage. So one of the ways that we monitor that, of course, is by looking at core hours. And this year, year-to-date, we’re seeing almost 4 times as many for core hours as compared to this time last year. And we still haven’t hit that inflection point. So we believe that there is still much greater demand within our customer base. And we’re watching our customers, we’re seeing where they’re going, we’re anticipating where they’re going, and we’re giving them the opportunity to be able to drive some of the scale out compute. So I’m really excited about where we are with cloud and some of that capability. There was a number of other things, I’m sure, that were also mentioned in that conversation, some of the things that we’re excited about the new capabilities we have in our product. We’ve talked about AIML, and how AIML supports our technology and simulation. All of those are interrelated, because the advances that we make in one area can be delivered to our customers in other ways, and that allows us to be a more responsive vendor to our customers or partner to our customers that allows us to continue to drive leadership in the marketplace. So that was the first question. What was the second question, Jay? It was around…
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yeah, it was around the investments in technical consulting and support positions, which as I noted, is typically your second largest number of open positions after R&D?
Ajei Gopal: Yeah, so I think if the question is, are we continuing to make investments in that area, that’s absolutely the case. We do continue to make investments in the area, we think our relationship that we have with customers at a technical level is something that our customer’s value, it gives us insight into the way we work with our customers use our technology, and it’s a 2-way street, we’re in a position to help our customers as they evolve. And, certainly, we’re in a position to take customer feedback and insight into the next generation of our products coming in from the field. So, I think, we’re excited and we continue to make investments in those areas.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thanks, Ajei.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Related to Zemax, I’d be curious on how that acquisition came together? I know in the past, you said that sometimes customers make requests. And I was wondering if this was one of those instances, and then maybe a quick follow-up, Zemax contribution on an annual basis? Is it fair to think its $24 million to $26 million of it is annualized the contribution for Q4? Thank you.
Nicole Anasenes: Yeah, so I can quickly answer that question on the contribution. So we expect – so we had – as we’ve said, we think it’ll have about $6 million to $8 million of ACV impact and revenue impact. This year, which will be offset by – largely offset by currency. Next year, we’re estimating an incremental approximately $20 million in organic impact.
Ajei Gopal: And as far as how the acquisition comes together, as I’ve said many times, acquisitions are not a strategy on to themselves; acquisitions are in support of a strategy. And clearly one of the areas that we have continued to drive is the broadening of our multi-physics capability. As I mentioned in the call, we have some leading optical simulation products and capabilities, but Zemax obviously, has been on our radar for a while as an opportunity for us to be able to broaden and deepen our portfolio in that space. And, I think in the script, you heard me talk about customers who are using all of the products and how the technologies could work together to support their R&D efforts. And so, this kind of technology fits right into our go-to-market motion. Our salespeople are very familiar with being able to position technology of this nature. So it’s a very natural acquisition for us to conclude. We’re excited about the technology. We’re excited about bringing those people on board.
Jason Celino: Great. Excellent. I appreciate the color.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ken Wong of Guggenheim Securities. Please go ahead.
Ken Wong: Great. Thank you for taking my question. Ajei, I wanted to touch on an announcement you guys made last month, the ANSYS and Apple, RF safety testing simulation module for MagSafe. Apple obviously has a very large partner ecosystem should we expect that this brings in a wave of new potential customers? Or is it simply additive to your existing tech relationships?
Ajei Gopal: So I can’t talk about what any specific company may or may not do. But what I can tell you is that, we’re really excited that we can make our technology available to customers who are not necessarily experts in using simulation. Our strategy for simulation is to take simulation and make it more pervasive across the product lifecycle. And part of that is creating applications that are easier for non-engineers to use. And so as part of our strategy, we’re creating applications that include various elements of our technology that can be integrated together to deliver a SaaS experience for our end users, wherein they can simply invoke our technology under the covers if you will to solve specific problems. So those are the kinds of applications that we are excited also about bringing to market. And those are not – that’s typically not an area that we’ve historically participated in. But we certainly see that as being part of the overall strategy that we’re driving of making simulation pervasive across the product lifecycle.
Ken Wong: Got it. Really appreciate the color there. And, Nicole, just wanted to touch on the higher mix of perpetual, is that simply a snapback to suppress perpetual buying from 2020? Or is there some other element causing that that higher perpetual mix?
Nicole Anasenes: Yeah, no, I would characterize it, as you recall perpetual licenses during the pandemic did take a quite a significant hit, particularly in the first 3 quarters of last year. And so they did recover quite a bit in the fourth quarter of last year, which is one of the reasons why the compares a little more challenging in Q4. But customers continue to prefer time based licensing models, because it really enables them to be more flexible as their needs evolve. And so over the past several years, the business model has really been shifting away from perpetual licenses. If you look over longer periods of time, it’s been pretty flat. And the growth has been primarily through the acceleration of leases. And so that’s really built a very strong annuity business for us over the past 5 years, and has been a very successful evolution of the business. And so, while we did see – we are seeing kind of some of the compare effects in the first 3 quarters of this year, we believe over the long-term that the shift that customer – we’re seeing from customers is going to continue towards that lease-based licensing.
Ken Wong: Great. Thank you very much.
Nicole Anasenes: You’re welcome.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Blair Abernethy of Rosenblatt Securities. Please go ahead.
Blair Abernethy: Thanks. Nice quarter, everyone. Just following on Jay’s question around the cloud. Ajei, I was just wondering if you can maybe help us understand where the customer interest lies right now, in terms of cloud-based simulation tools, so not just HPC, which has been in use for a long time. But, our customers looking to shift from on-prem to cloud with our tools, and if they are sort of – where are you seeing the traction out there.
Ajei Gopal: So, we’re certainly seeing customers wanting to take more advantage of the cloud during the – certainly that happened during the pandemic, when people were working remotely and didn’t have access as easy access to their offices. And that certainly drove some cloud usage, I mean, the fact remains that we can give our customers, who want to take advantage of our technology, we can give our customers an experience where they have elastic compute driven from the cloud, it’s a fast like experience, we can give them that using our elastic licensing capabilities. So that that feels to them like a SaaS experience, and similarly, we can give our customers access to on premises technology in a lease model, which they’ve used for a while. So we give our customers a choice of what they want to be in a position to do. ANSYS Cloud gives them that ability to support they need for cloud compute, both from the server perspective as well as scale up for HPC. So it really is up to the customers. And, many of our customers have made investments that are within their own to building out data centers, so they prefer to take advantage of their own data centers, some customers will look at the amount of data that they have to manage. I mean, when you think about a simulation, a complex multivariate simulation that’s running across our multivariate optimization could result in terabytes of information. And so then there’s a question of where do you store that information? How do you keep it? Do you move it from one cloud to another? What is their standard model? So it’s not simply a matter of moving piece parts into the cloud. It’s really thinking holistically from the part of the customers on where and how they want to make this transition, because it’s an entire workflow that’s across multiple vendors that needs to be managed. And I think we’re very well positioned. Our technology is ready for the cloud. We’re very well positioned. We’re excited about our capabilities. And it really is a matter of meeting the customers as and when they’re ready.
Blair Abernethy: Right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jackson Ader with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jackson Ader: Great. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. Actually just, if we can follow up on, I mean, I know there has been a lot of questions on the cloud. But if we think about, if there are more deals that shift to either the ANSYS cloud or maybe through your partnership with Microsoft, how would that actually impact the revenue line items? And is there any kind of a difference in recognition, depending on where the cloud deployment is?
Nicole Anasenes: Yeah, I mean, I would say that the part of the business that customers are using on the cloud itself is very small and immaterial. The vast majority of the use-case is around seamless access to HPC capacity and other capacity outside the cloud, which has no impact on our current – it’s exactly the same revenue recognition model that we have in the – whether it’s a lease or perpetual license, because their entitlements would be separate from that usage.
Ajei Gopal: And the way we built our product, Jackson, is that customers can bring their own licenses, right? So it turns, you can seamlessly take advantage of both ANSYS cloud compute capabilities as well as you can take advantage of the same license running on premises. And so, the fact that we give you the flexibility of managing that, that’s what customers are looking for. And so, we’re not asking them to give up their investments in their on-prem compute. If they’ve got that, that’s great. They can take advantage of that. In addition, they can take advantage of cloud. Or if they want to choose to completely take advantage of the cloud, they can do that too. So that flexibility is what customers are looking for, and we’re in a position to support them with that.
Jackson Ader: Okay, that makes sense. And then, a follow-up on DYNA. So the use-cases that we’re kind of talking about here are different and are expanded from what we probably would have thought when you first acquired LS-DYNA, right down the middle, crash and impact. Is the malleability of the DYNA solver specific to DYNA or is this also something that like other solver portfolios can do, they can kind of be flexible outside of their core use-case?
Ajei Gopal: Yeah, I’m not sure what you mean by the malleability. I think that, firstly, DYNA provided an explicit analysis capability into the portfolio, which obviously has use-cases, of wide variety of use-cases. And we’ve continued to expand those use-cases within the ANSYS portfolio as we’ve integrated the technologies together, and combine both explicit and implicit capabilities. It broadens the addressable opportunity. So that’s obviously the case. I think perhaps you might be referring to the announcements we – the comment I made about Fujitsu. And I think in that, what is important to recognize is that the DYNA solver is available on the Fujitsu machine, on their PRIMEHPC supercomputer. And essentially because that machine is efficient, we can help our customers, because they’re supporting DYNA on the – they’re supporting their large-scale DYNA runs on the Fujitsu hardware platform. And that’s more efficient, because they can offload some of their simulation workload onto to an efficient compute platform. So that was the point on that piece, and hopefully, that clarifies the comment about Fujitsu.
Jackson Ader: Yeah. Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Thank you. That’s all the time we have. I’m going to turn it over to Ajei, for some closing comments.
Ajei Gopal: Thanks, Kelsey. So, I’m really excited about our excellent execution, our broad customer base and our robust pipeline. Our customers’ reliance in simulation, the strengthening of the small and medium business market, and our ability to close large contracts only add to that excitement and give me further confidence as we look to close out 2021. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners for their continued support. And a special thank you to my ANSYS colleagues. You have my gratitude for delivering yet another strong quarter. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. We thank you all for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-05 10:25:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ANSYS Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.  With us today are Ajei Gopal, President and Chief Executive Officer; Nicole Anasenes, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance; and Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President, Investor and Government Relations.  All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. DeBriyn for opening remarks. Please go ahead.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release, the related prepared remarks document and the link to our second quarter Form 10-Q have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations Web site. They contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our second quarter financial results and business update, as well as our Q3 and updated fiscal year 2021 outlook and the key underlying quantitative and qualitative assumptions. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Important factors that may affect our future results are discussed in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are available on our corporate Web site. We note that uncertainty regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our performance could cause actual results to differ materially from our projections. Forward-looking statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information. During this call, we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures, unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and reconciliations of GAAP to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release materials. I would now like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Q2 was another excellent quarter for ANSYS, where we significantly beat our financial guidance across all our key metrics. I'm particularly pleased with our ACV performance for the quarter, which grew at nearly 23% in constant currency.  Our growing momentum from Q4 of 2020 and the first half of this year gives us increased confidence in our business and in our ability to execute against our goals. It is also further validation of our strategy of pervasive simulation, where simulation is used throughout the product development process by engineers in every discipline.  That strategy, combined with our best-in-class multi-physics products, our comprehensive go-to-market approach and our deep and lasting customer relationships has paved the way for our consistent success.  The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve with the uncertainties of the Delta variant making headlines around the world. Despite these uncertainties, our customers are continuing to invest in innovation, R&D and product design to drive their future successes.  As such, we are continuing to see demand for ANSYS simulation increase in the marketplace, and our pipeline for the remainder of 2021 is strong. As a result of that continued strength and our track record of execution, we are once again increasing our annual guidance for ACV revenue, EPS and operating cash flow. Nicole will provide more details in just a few minutes.  Looking at Q2, all our major geographies performed well, with the Americas leading the way. I'm very proud of our team in India, which came in above our internal plan despite challenging COVID-19 related conditions in the country.  From an industry perspective, high tech and semiconductors, aerospace and defense and automotive and ground transportation were our top verticals. We also saw ongoing strength with our enterprise customers.  Following the trend of the past two quarters, we saw improved spending with small and medium-sized customers. While these smaller customers have not yet returned to their pre-pandemic spending levels, the progress we've seen over the past several months give me added confidence in the future.  One of the largest deals of the quarter was with a North American leader in semiconductors. This $39 million multiyear agreement ensures that the company will have necessary capacity to run 5-nanometer and eventually 3-nanometer designs on ANSYS’ RedHawk-SC, a gold standard power noise and reliability signoff solution for digital design.  The company has also standardized on ANSYS’ multi-physics technology across chip, package and system to reduce power consumption, thereby increasing its competitiveness in the marketplace. We also closed a $30 million agreement with a longtime automotive customer.  This leader in electric vehicle technology has expanded its use of mechanical, fluids and electromagnetic solutions, and has adopted additional ANSYS technologies including automated design analyses, multi-body dynamics and process integration and design optimization.  This customer is working with the ANSYS ACE teams to jointly develop workflows for noise and vibration analysis and topology optimization. The company is also using ANSYS Discovery to decrease its simulation backlog and get products to market faster, all the while holding the line on development costs.  Just a few weeks ago, we unveiled ANSYS 2021 Release 2, which features advances across our multi-physics product line, from structures, fluids and electromagnetics to materials, photonics and embedded software. R2 includes a number of advancements in core physics, simplified workflows, and integrated data management.  Our solutions are based on our decades of experience and cannot be easily duplicated, creating high barriers to entry for potential competitors. While I could spend the entire hour detailing each product’s capabilities, today, I will focus on just one key differentiator which cuts across our entire portfolio, namely scalability.  As customer problems become increasingly more challenging, the size of those challenges requires simulation software that can scale to unprecedented levels. Throughout our history, ANSYS has been a leader in product scalability, and we have extended that leadership in recent releases.  Our ability to create high resolution, fluid mechanics simulations with practical turnaround times enables customers to solve next generation challenges ranging from rotating machinery to external aerodynamics to environmental simulations.  Four years ago, ANSYS Fluent scaled to nearly 200,000 CPU cores, enabling customers to solve challenging problems faster than ever, by calculating billions of cells. To the best of our knowledge, that remains the record for commercial computational fluid dynamics code.  This massive scalability has enabled our customer at the Technical University in Eindhoven to solve a complex aerodynamic problem with 3 billion computational cells with 20 billion unknowns. The most recent advances in ANSYS 2021 R2 have sped up parallel Mesh generation by 20x, removing what is often the bottleneck for detailed simulations of transient phenomena, which occur in aerodynamics and gas turbine simulations.  Our 225x speed up over the last decade has enabled ANSYS customers to reduce simulation time on a full thermal mechanical model from two weeks to an hour and a half. And now with ANSYS 2021 R2, those calculations could take just minutes, leading to improved product reliability as users run more simulations faster. That breakthrough was made possible by doubling the core counts, while reducing the memory required by 40%.  In our latest LS-DYNA release, we have significantly improved performance, which enables customers to run transient behavior studies with 28 trillion calculated variables, and that's trillion with a T. That means safer cars and more reliable electronics.  A global high tech customer used ANSYS HFSS and our new ANSYS Mesh Fusion to solve a previously unsolved integrated circuit and packaging problem by scaling across a multi-node HPC cluster with 18 terabytes of RAM and 576 cores.  In ANSYS 2021 R2, we introduced the Phi Plus mesher, which extends Mesh Fusion to deliver additional speed and capacity. Phi Plus has sped up meshing on PCB plus bondwire package models by 18x, which will bring new innovations to the 5G, autonomy and industrial Internet of Things market.  As the semiconductor customers are using next generation distributed and grid computing techniques to model and solve chips with 2.6 trillion or more devices, ANSYS RedHawk-SC set a capacity and performance record in power integrity signoff last year by extracting 66 billion electrical nodes on the design of a GPU and solving it over 2,400 CPUs in a fully distributed manner. In ANSYS 2021 R2, our solver performance doubled, enabling customers to signoff even larger chip designs using the same compute resources and runtime.  Scalability is one of ANSYS’ many differentiators and is becoming increasingly important to our customers as they develop next generation products. We believe that our history of product scalability, along with accuracy, ease-of-use and speed to solution, create a difficult environment for any would-be competitor, while giving our users the functionality they need to solve the most challenging product problems.  We are continuing to train the next generation of engineers in the use of ANSYS solutions by expanding our free offering for students. To date, nearly 2 million students around the world have downloaded our products. And just a few weeks ago, we launched an additional offering for students to download our Electronics Desktop, and to enroll in ANSYS innovation courses for training.  These students now have access to our leading electronics products, including HFSS, Maxwell and Icepak to train them in developing the products of tomorrow. And thanks to our new partnership, Cornell University will design and develop online training courses with real-world applications from ANSYS.  Moving to partnerships, I'm excited to announce that we have expanded our work with TSMC to include new certifications for ANSYS RedHawk and ANSYS Totem. These new certifications for power network extraction, power integrity and reliability, signal electromigration and transistor level custom designs enable joint customers to meet critical power, thermal and reliability standards for next generation product applications. ANSYS continues to be recognized for our inventive approach to engineering technology. I'm proud that for the third year in a row, Fast Company has named us one of the best places to work for innovators. I'm even more excited that five of my colleagues have been recognized with the prestigious Women of Color STEM awards. These awards showcase the outstanding scientific and engineering achievements of women around the world. And ANSYS is proud of these pioneers, who serve as an inspiration for us all.  Turning to our environmental, social and governance initiatives, I'm pleased that MSCI has upgraded our ESG rating to AA, naming us a leader in the software and services industry. MSCI cited ANSYS’ comprehensive talent pipeline relative to our peers, our focus on business ethics, and our capabilities in helping customers to innovate in areas such as clean technologies.  To summarize, Q2 was another great quarter for ANSYS, and a further validation that our pervasive simulation strategy is resonating with the market. Our strong sales pipeline, our ongoing momentum with enterprise customers, the resurgence of small and medium businesses, and our continued leadership across our product portfolio, give me further confidence in our ability to meet our newly increased outlook for 2021.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Nicole.
Nicole Anasenes: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Let me take a few minutes to add some additional perspective on our second quarter financial performance and provide context for our outlook and assumptions for Q3 and 2021. Our strong Q2 results reflect an outstanding execution across our business which yielded revenue, operating margin and EPS, all above our Q2 guidance.  As Ajei mentioned, Q2 ACV was especially strong and exceeded our expectations. Both our large enterprise customer and our small and medium-sized customer spending patterns performed better than expected and our growth during the quarter was broad based.  Now let me discuss some of our Q2 financial highlights. Q2 ACV was 430.5 million and grew year-over-year 25% or 23% in constant currency. We saw strong performance across customer types, geographies and industries. ACV from recurring sources represented 82% of the total.  Q2 total revenue was 452.6 million and grew 16% or 14% in constant currency, which exceeded the high end of our guidance. Like ACV, Q2 revenue growth was strong across the business.  In the first half of 2021, we had strong top line performance with ACV and revenue both growing double digits, 16% and 18%, respectively. We closed the quarter with a total balance of GAAP deferred revenue and backlog of 927.1 million, representing a 10% increase over last year's second quarter balance.  During the quarter, we continue to manage our business with fiscal discipline. This yielded a solid second quarter gross margin of 90% and an operating margin of 41.7%, which is better than our Q2 guidance.  Operating margin was positively impacted by revenue performance above our guidance as well as the timing of investments. The results for second quarter EPS of $1.85, which was also above the high end of our guidance. Similar to operating margin, EPS benefited from strong revenue results and the timing of investments.  Our effective tax rate in Q2 was 19%, the tax rate we expect for the remainder of 2021. Our cash flow from operations in Q2 totaled 118.9 million, which benefited from strong collections driven by a reduction in the percent of receivables past due and was partially offset by differences in the timing of tax payments as compared to Q2 2020. We ended the quarter with 958.2 million of cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet. Now let me turn to the topic of guidance. We continue to build confidence in our outlook for the year. Coming off our strong finish in Q2, we are initiating guidance for Q3 and increasing our ACV revenue, EPS and operating cash flow outlook for the full year. This increase reflects the strong broad-based financial performance in the second quarter and our current sales pipeline.  For the third quarter, we expect revenue in the range of 400 million to 425 million and EPS in the range of $1.22 to $1.39. As I mentioned, for the full year, we are raising our ACV revenue, EPS and operating cash flow outlook.  We are increasing our full year ACV outlook to be in the range of 1,800 million to 1,845 million. This represents growth of 11.4% to 14.1% or 10.8% to 13.5% in constant currency. We are raising our full year ACV guidance to reflect the Q2 performance which exceeded our expectations, and our increased confidence in the full year pipeline. This raise was offset by a few million dollars of currency headwind. As a result, we are raising the midpoint of our ACV guidance by 30 million, which translates to an increase of 2.7 points of constant currency growth compared to our May guidance.  As a reminder, it is best to look at full year ACV growth as quarterly growth can be variable. As we mentioned in May, ACV quarterly growth rates in 2021 will vary with Q2 and Q3 being the strongest two quarters. Based on our performance in Q2, we expect Q2 to have the highest ACV growth rate for the year.  As a reminder, we still expect Q4 growth to be muted given the Q4 2020 growth comparisons. Consistent with prior years, the dollar value of ACV will be highly skewed towards the fourth quarter. We expect revenue to be in the range of 1,840 million to 1,890 million, which is growth of 8.5% to 11.5% or 7.3% to 10.2% in constant currency.  Similar to our ACV guidance, this increase reflects our strong Q2 revenue performance and increased confidence in our full year pipeline, offset by a few million dollars of currency headwind. As a result, we are raising the midpoint of our revenue guidance by 23 million, which translates to constant currency growth of 1.5 points higher than the midpoint of our May guidance.  As you know ASC 606 introduces revenue growth volatility within the quarters. However, on a full year revenue basis, revenue growth is less variable. In the second half of 2021, we expect revenue growth to be impacted by the year-over-year compare and mix of business.  We are increasing our full year EPS and now expect EPS to be in the range of $6.85 to $7.15. This increase incorporates our strong Q2 performance and is offset by a few cents of currency headwinds. It is worth noting that some of our strong Q2 EPS performance was driven by the timing of investments that moved from Q2 to the second half of the year. Now let me turn to our full year operating cash flow guidance. We are increasing our 2021 outlook to a range of 495 million to 535 million. This increase is driven by stronger collections expected during the year, and continued improvement in payment terms toward pre-pandemic levels.  We are pleased with our strong first half in operating cash flow. But as a reminder, second half cash flow is most impacted by whether large Q4 deals close near the beginning or the end of the quarter.  For modeling purposes, we’re expecting third quarter operating margin in the range of 34% to 36.5%. And for the full year, we continue to expect operating margin to be in the range of 40% to 41%. Further details around specific currency rates and other assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q3 and 2021 are contained in the prepared remarks document.  I would like to thank the ANSYS team for their continued commitment to our customers and fellow colleagues during this prolonged time of uncertainty. The team delivered exceptional execution during the quarter, which drove our strong Q2 financial performance.  The combination of best-in-class execution with a strong recurring business model and growing sales pipeline sets us up well to deliver on our 2021 outlook, as well as our longer-term financial objectives.  Operator, we will now open the phone lines to take questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. The first question comes from Ken Wong with Guggenheim Securities. Please go ahead.
Ken Wong: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Nicole, I just wanted to maybe check on ACV, really solid performance here. Would you characterize the strong results as just sort of increasing the conversion rate of the pipeline, or did you actually see an uptick in demand and potentially a boost to the overall pipeline that’s giving you higher confidence in the raise?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. Thanks, Ken. Yes, we were really pleased with not only the second quarter, but where we landed on the first half overall, as you know, translated to 16% growth overall for the half, which was fantastic. The team really delivered. I would say that it went back to a very similar pattern that we saw in Q1, which was it was broad-based across geographies and industries. As you recall, coming into the year, we were a little bit cautious about SMB and kind of the underlying momentum of SMB. And we had expected enterprise customers to perform as expected. I would say in the second quarter, we got a bit more out of the enterprise than we expected to get, which was great, because it showed people are really seriously committing to their R&D portfolios and accelerating development. But we saw, for the second quarter in a row, that resurgence on the SMB side, and there wasn't anything that was specific, localized or kind of in narrow form. It was just kind of everywhere. So I would say it's that really kind of broad-based performance that we saw really in the second quarter and the first half that contributed to the confidence that we had in raising our overall ACV for the year by the 2.7 points at constant currency.
Ken Wong: Got it. And then you touched on SMB, also you guys mentioned that it was kind of tracking back towards pre-COVID levels. Any rough sense of kind of where we are? Not sure if there's a way to kind of quantify if we are maybe 60% of the way there, 70% of the way there. But would love to get a sense for how much more there is to close the gap before we're back to what you might consider normal for that piece of the business?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. As I mentioned before, we were really pleased with the momentum we saw in the quarter and the strength we saw. What I would is, the guidance that we have going into -- the reason the full year was really not counting on SMB coming back to those pre-pandemic levels. There certainly is a lot more activity, there's a lot more engagement. But this does happen over time market by market. It does vary too, in terms of the rate and pace of speed of how these customers are coming back. And so, while I don't have a specific quantification to give you, what I would say is that if it happened at a more accelerated rate that's not -- and we were all of a sudden back to pre-pandemic levels by the end of the year, that's not something we've really contemplated in our race.
Ken Wong: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Gal Munda with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Gal Munda: Hi. Good morning and thank you for taking my question. The first one was just kind of reflect a little bit on brands in terms of operating cash flow and ACV and how ACV outperformance also kind of allows you to raise the cash flow estimates for the year. It's interesting, because what we've seen is 30 million upgrades in ACV resulted in about 15 million in operating cash flow, which kind of suggests that 50% incremental conversion. Is that something that we could -- is that something that as you continue to perform, it still kind of is replicable going forward? Just maybe a little bit in light of potential investments or something that you might also balance out on the other side?
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. So let me break apart the components of cash flow. So as you point out, cash flow is more highly correlated to ACV because of the way 606 treats revenue recognition, so that is exactly the right way to look at it. So there's two components to it. There's the collections piece along the ACV side, and then there's the payment side. And so on the collection side, we have seen an improvement at a more accelerated rate, both in terms of lack of asking for extension on payment terms, people catching up on each payment, and people overall maintaining a level of current balance at higher rates than they had through the pandemic. So all of that is I think contributing to the acceleration on -- part of the acceleration on the cash flow side. The headwind in this particular quarter was really tax payments and the timing of tax payments, particularly in a quarter can have a more distorting dynamic overall. And so, as you recall, last year, there were some deferral incentives during the pandemic that raised cash flow in the second quarter, and then this year those payments were due as expected in the second quarter. And so, overall, I would expect to see still a little bit of capitulation and volatility in the relationship between the two, just because the nature of the payment piece is not kind of back to normalized levels. But what you can count on is that underneath the covers, the momentum around collections and customers’ kind of behavior around that has been quite good. And we're really happy with where we're at.
Gal Munda: Got you. And then just as a follow up, you said that SMB strength has really come in. And what we say usually is that SMB is a good indicator, leading indicator of the kind of underlying demands of the business The other way that you could say it also, if the larger deals are starting to kind of close a little bit earlier. Is that something that you're starting to see as well at better close rates? Did you have any plans potentially from a quarter as well?
Nicole Anasenes: I think that we saw a very balanced growth and performance across the enterprise side and the SMB side. And so what we are seeing is that customers are using simulation to continue to accelerate their development roadmaps and the optimism around needing to make those investments overall. And so there was really no timing dynamic here of any meaningful -- to any meaningful degree other than the normal things that followed before and after the dateline in any normal quarter. It really is -- the performance in the quarter was really a statement of the overall momentum that we're seeing in customers’ behavior overall.
Gal Munda: Right, which is supported by the smaller deals as well. Awesome. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Borg with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Adam Borg: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for taking the questions. Maybe just on ANSYS Cloud, Ajei, would love an update there and how things are tracking as we think about post pandemic plans?
Ajei Gopal: Sure, Adam. So, as you know, ANSYS Cloud provides managed access to HPC resources and that allows our customers to essentially run larger and higher fidelity simulations. And as you know, the cloud also supports a very flexible licensing model. And that includes an elastic pay-as-you-go model as well as a hybrid model that allows customers to mix and match elastic as well as lease licenses. Now we have a number of internal metrics that we deploy to measure the business. And we are seeing probably a 5x greater usage as compared with this time last year. And that has very nice growth as a result of the activities that we've done as well as, of course, external conditions with people working from home. This year, if you think about what we've done to augment the cloud, we've added cloud support for ANSYS LSTC, for ANSYS DYNA, for our Lumerical products. We've completed SOC2 certification and we also continue to focus on the overall customer experience. And that's really translated very positively for customers. And we -- a couple of months ago, few months ago, we published a release about a customer, Van Oord, who talked about how they could speed up their simulations by 7x, which obviously is a significant perspective, because they're able to take advantage of the most recent and most capable hardware in the cloud, as well as the cloud capabilities that we have. So we're very excited about our cloud direction. We have made all of the necessary investments. And, of course, it's still early days, because we're talking about a relatively small portion of our business.
Adam Borg: That's really helpful. And maybe just a quick follow up for Nicole, just on perpetual license. That's been really strong in the last few quarters. I know there's been this ongoing trend towards term versus paid off. But I'd love to think about or hear a little bit more about how you're thinking about perpetual license growth over the back half of the year? And is that strength in part due just to increase in confidence in the markets and the ability to deploy larger deals like that? Thanks so much.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So we did see -- in the first half of the year, we did see relatively more professional license growth than we've seen in the past. And what I would say is that that long-term trend of shifting towards the lease model still continues, right. So as you recall, there were dynamics last year where perpetual was a little bit more muted. And I think what you're seeing this year is just some of the return of some of that business overall. But if you look at the business over longer periods of time, the growth and acceleration of the business is really driven by the lease model, and the perpetual business has been roughly flat over those longer periods of time. In terms of the second half, I think one of the dynamics that we saw in Q4 last year was not only exceeding the high end of guidance by $45 million, but there was a significant perpetual mix in Q4. And so how we're looking at it on a go-forward basis is not really expecting that repeat performance in Q4 overall. It is some of the underlying factors that are baked into the guidance.
Adam Borg: Super helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good morning. Ajei, for you first. Within the context of your large multi-solution solver sales, could you talk about the incremental demand within those deals that you may be seeing for any or all of the smaller brands such as Minerva, Granta, Esterel, [indiscernible] and so forth. Are those becoming incrementally important within the context of those deals? And then as well, in your prepared remarks, you noted your semiconductor and high tech business. As this week is the 10th anniversary of the Apache acquisition closing, perhaps you could share your thoughts and how you're thinking about your EDA business for the next number of years, and the kinds of internal investments that you think you'll need to be making over the next number of years to keep that business growing? And then lastly, for Nicole, your services revenue were down sequentially in Q1. And yet over the last few months, there's been a discernible uptick in your openings for technical support and consulting positions. So from that, should we infer that you are anticipating an improving pipeline in terms of engagements and deployments activity?
Ajei Gopal: Jay, thanks for the question. Let me start with your comments or question about some of the smaller products. As you know, some of those products organically developed, others came in through acquisition. And we embark on activities such as an M&A or organic development, specifically when we see opportunities in the market where customers are either leading us or where we see an opportunity to provide greater functionality to solve the customer problem. And so all of the acquisitions or an all of the internal development that we do is driven by an analysis of what that market would look like. And I'm delighted that we're generally seeing what we expected to see pan out is in fact panning out. You talked about Lumerical photonics, that's obviously a very important part as you think about data centers, for example, and we're seeing obvious attraction there, because this product fits into our overall portfolio. So when we go to customers, we can go to them with a broader set of capabilities that includes critical capabilities, such as Lumerical, that you mentioned, where we can go in and talk about an end to end solution that addresses the needs that the customer may have. And you see that repeated across our portfolio, where smaller products are playing important roles in being able to stitch together an end to end workflow to allow customers to solve some of the most complex problems that they're dealing with. So I think that's -- hopefully that addresses your first question. With respect to your second question, I'm excited, obviously, with our performance in high tech and semiconductor. I no longer think of the Apache acquisition. That's part of our semiconductor organization and has been for a number of years. And obviously we have a number of deep integrations across our portfolio between our semiconductor business and our electromagnetics activities. And you start to think about next generation products like 3D-IC and challenges, and that's when the entire ANSYS portfolio comes in, going from our semiconductor portfolio all the way through our more Newtonian physics, if you will. And so I'm very excited about the portfolio, the capabilities. I think we have market leading products across the board there. And customers tell us that they're able to solve tremendous challenges with our offerings, and we're excited about the future.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. And, Jay, to your services question. So specifically, this year we really -- we do expect to see services disproportionately impacted by COVID, just because of the nature of services being more in-person, particularly with the Delta variant and some of the either self-imposed or imposed restrictions that customers are having around in-person engagement. So we're not anticipating in our guidance any increase -- any meaningful change in the trajectory of the services business. In terms of the skill sets that you're referring to, I’d say that, yes, we are hiring, we are investing in the business, we're investing in the areas that you and Ajei just discussed now around helping our customers connect physics together with multi-physics. And so those are skill sets that we continue to invest in. And that services business is also -- that investment in the services business is also a reflection of the momentum we're seeing in the pipeline around sales, because those individuals also support selling process to some degree. So, overall, I think what you're seeing is a good set of momentum around customers starting -- continuing to accelerate their R&D pipelines and leveraging ANSYS to do so. And that's why we're making the investments in this space.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Andrew Obin: Yes. Good morning.
Ajei Gopal: Good morning.
Nicole Anasenes: Good morning.
Andrew Obin: Just looking at the indirect channel, it seems like it's performing very well. Are there any partnerships that are really gaining traction, or other reasons for this growth? And you might have touched on them in your previous comments, but just unpack that?
Ajei Gopal: Yes, you should think of our indirect channel consistent with some of the growth that we're seeing in SMB, because our indirect channel partners are oftentimes supporting customers who are lower down in the pyramid, while some of the larger global organizations are handled by a direct sales force. So that's really the dynamic that you're seeing, and that growth is reflective of that dynamic.
Andrew Obin: And just a broader question. Your outperformance this quarter internally, how do you think as you put it into three buckets? One, reopening; b, your customers structurally investing more; and c, just your strategy as you're sort of expanding and getting your products in the partners’ ecosystem adjacencies. Internally, if you're trying to sort of attribute this outperformance this quarter, short-term macro, long-term structural thing or your strategy, how would you sort of our allocate the outperformance into these three buckets? Sorry for a long question.
Ajei Gopal: I think it's really difficult to point to a specific allocation of one bucket to another, because these things are all related to each other. At the end of the day, if you just reflect on the ANSYS portfolio, what we built is a market leading set of capabilities of individual physics, which are connected together. And so this multi-physics capability is what's necessary for customers as they solve some of the most challenging problems that they're dealing with. And so as you think about electrification, for example, or 5G or IoT, all of these areas are complex customers that are investing a significant amount of money, they are looking for simulation offerings to be able to support them in their R&D efforts. And we have the technology, we have the capabilities, we have the relationships, and we can support them on their journey. So that's a very important aspect. You've got to have the right goods when people need them. The second thing is that, obviously, around the world, we're seeing a set -- we're seeing customers recognizing that there is going to be an end to the pandemic, and that they have to continue to make investments in R&D. And certainly the small and medium business customers are perhaps most emblematic of that, because they are -- early in the pandemic, you saw a shutdown for SMB customers, right. They’re most concerned about cash, they're most concerned about the potential demand future because these are smaller companies and they have less, they have lesser cash resources than some of the larger companies. But what we're seeing now is obviously an opening up of spending there, which is reflective of the fact that customers around the world, not just SMB customers, customers around the world are looking at the world after things completely open up again, or certainly after a pandemic world, post pandemic world where things start to get back to normal with respect to the broader economy, which means -- and they recognize that in order for them to be successful, they have to have products that people want. And that means more investment in R&D and more investment in product design, as I mentioned in my comments. So the demand is also increasing. And I think that those two things work together. You have to have the right products. You have to have the growing demand. If you didn't have either one of them, you wouldn't necessarily be able to deliver the results. And I think that we are -- that's exactly what we're seeing. And we're very excited about what we can provide to our customers and where the market is going.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. And I would add just one additional point to what Ajei said, which is the ANSYS team and the execution of that team. The sales team and services teams were there alongside customers throughout the pandemic. We've made investments in supporting our customers throughout that pandemic. And that puts us in a position of strength as customers are coming out of it and making the decisions that Ajei referred to. As you know, enterprise software sales cycles are long. So if you're not there and you're not committed to your customers and you're not delivering value even in times where they're not quite ready to invest at the levels that they're comfortable with in a time like the pandemic, it pays off in the end. And you can see that particularly in some of our markets like Asia Pac and other places where the team has just been exceptional in the way that they have managed and deepen those relationships with customers.
Ajei Gopal: Was there a follow up?
Andrew Obin: Apologies. I put myself on mute. No. Thank you very much.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you.
Nicole Anasenes: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here and fitting me in. Nicole, maybe just for you, just a little bit of a housekeeping question. I think you mentioned the ACV constant currency guide was about 10.8% to 13.5%. Can you just remind us how much of that is organic versus inorganic?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So at the beginning of the year, we talked about AGI contributing $80 million to this year. And so we're still seeing that as the current trajectory.
Saket Kalia: Okay, got it. That's helpful. And then for my follow up, maybe for you, Ajei. Can you just talk a little bit about Simulation Live and how you feel that's trending? I noticed a little bit of a longer -- sort of a long-term story, but curious what the update is and how you feel about it?
Ajei Gopal: You mean Discovery, right?
Saket Kalia: I’m sorry. Yes, absolutely, Discovery Live. Sorry, I was calling to PTC. Discovery Live, yes.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. So, look, we're very excited about Discovery. And I think perhaps to make it real, a little bit more tangible, perhaps I can go back to the example I gave in the script, which was one of our customers who's using Discovery in a very interesting way. So for this particular customer, some of the detailed flow and thermal management simulation is done by experts using ANSYS flagship products. But the typical turnaround time is maybe 60 days, because of the complexity of the simulation. And they have a relatively small analyst team serving a larger design team. So they introduced Discovery as a way for the design engineers to do some of the simpler simulation on their own. So things like flow distribution or pressure drops. So they're able to do that by themselves. And they can improve the design of their components before they hand off the design for a complete system simulation to the expert analysts. So that's an example where the whole thesis that we had was, this is something that design engineers could use to really amplify the capability of the analysts, that's something that's borne out here. And for this customer, they're also using -- they also have some outsourced CAE spend, and they're using Discovery now to help train their designers on some basic structural analysis so they can limit some of this outsourced work on simple geometry changes. And what that does for them is it changes the design iteration time and it takes it down from a couple of weeks to a couple of days. So that gives you some perspective. We're very excited about the technology. We continue to make advances in the technology. And obviously I mentioned a couple of customer examples. You talked briefly about PTC and the use of Creo Simulation Live. And on PTC’s earnings call last week, I believe they reported continued traction with increased expansions driven by a migration around Creo 7. As you know, they are OEM-ing our Discovery products into Creo Simulation Live, Creo ANSYS simulation, and Creo 7 is their latest enterprise release. And so, obviously, there's increased traction that comes from that. And they also talked about a customer where the real-time simulation capabilities were helping to simplify the customer's design process. So we're very, very excited about the technology. It continues to perform as we had expected. Obviously, it's a relatively small piece of our business. But the market dynamics around what we're seeing is strong.
Saket Kalia: Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Nicole Anasenes: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Walsh: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Nicole Anasenes: Good morning.
Ajei Gopal: Good morning.
John Walsh: I wonder if you could talk a little bit about your acquisition pipeline. You were able to get Phoenix done, which looks like it bolts on nicely to AGI. Just what are you seeing there and what can we kind of expect there from a capital allocation perspective?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So, as you point out, the greatest return we've been able to provide on the deployment of excess cash has been utilizing it to acquire a second M&A. And the example of something like Phoenix is a great example of a premier technology which helps us accelerate. Another investment we made in December around in AGI. Phoenix provides model-based engineering. So I would say that you should expect that we will continue to execute strategy, which is consistent with our model, which is to achieve double digit growth with tuck-in acquisitions overall. So the decision on -- the capital allocation decision and the focus on M&A hasn't changed.
John Walsh: Great. And maybe just a follow up to that. During the quarter, you had put out a press release about a customer looks like expanding the relationship they had with ANSYS. One of the things that I found interesting was more stringent regulations around greenhouse gas reduction and how they're using simulation to help that. You've talked in the past about sustainability and how you can help your customers. But the drumbeat just seems to be getting louder and louder. Are you seeing customers accelerate any decisions around this sustainability focus, or is it still -- is that still kind of an extra add-on benefit to what you're already bringing to the customer?
Ajei Gopal: So I think the sustainability aspect is clearly important across a number of different dimensions for different customers. When you look at, let's say, for example, a big trend in the automotive industry, which is around electrification, right? Obviously, there's a discussion about the future of the internal combustion engine and the rate and pace at which electric cars and vehicles will be adopted broadly. And you're seeing car companies, for example, making the decision to just simply move from one to the other. And that's obviously driven in part by issues of emissions and being more eco-friendly. We talked last year about -- in the aerospace industry, we talked about some customer wins, where the motivation for the customer was really to make their engines more fuel efficient. So it was about light-weighting, it was about reduced fuel consumption, increased efficiency of fuel. And so even in aircraft engines, for example, you're seeing that as being a primary driver for new design of engines. And so it's absolutely part of a broader trend. I mentioned Van Oord earlier. They're, of course, building sustainable offshore wind turbines. And they're a simulation user. But again, their focus is on renewable energy sources. So compliance purposes as well as eco-friendly, all of these things are drivers of product design and product requirements. And obviously to ensure that customers can meet those standards, simulation plays a really important role.
John Walsh: Great. I appreciate you taking the questions. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Blair Abernethy with Rosenblatt Securities. Please go ahead.
Blair Abernethy: Thank you and nice quarter, guys. Just a vertical question here, Ajei, just first off on the auto vertical. As you look at the shift from ICE development to electrical vehicles, obviously a completely different product. Is there -- do you have a sense at this stage as they move away from ICE design and new model introductions to pure electrical, what is the ANSYS footprint change in the auto vertical look like? Does it grow or does it -- obviously 10 years from now, maybe we have a lot less ICE engineers out there. And secondly, you called out in your prepared remarks the healthcare vertical and a large win in using simulation software to train some algorithms. Can you just maybe expand on that a bit? And how big might that opportunity be in the healthcare vertical? Thanks.
Ajei Gopal: Firstly, with respect to automotive, what's exciting for us is that we have the technology and the capabilities from a product perspective and a relationship perspective to support our customers as they go through that transition. So we can help them with battery management technologies. We can help them with electric drive trains, electric motor design, all of the elements that you would expect that would sort of go into the replacement of the internal combustion engine with an electric battery powered environment. But above and beyond that, if you think about the challenges that some of our customers are facing as they make this transition, an electric car is not just simply an internal combustion car with one means of propulsion replacing another, it's an opportunity for our customers to redesign. In fact, they have to redesign it, because the assumptions that are previously made of an engine in the front of the car, which concentrates the weight in the front of the car, those assumptions are no longer relevant, because perhaps now you have a battery that's uniformly distributed across the floor of the car. And so that changes the weight distribution and changes the assumptions of the way that the car was originally designed. And so there is a significant rethinking taking place in these car companies, especially the auto companies who have historically relied on the reuse of technology from one generation to another, there is a rethinking of saying, what does it mean for us to support this to build an electric car? And so all of that leads to and drives increased use of simulation and certainly for ANSYS simulation. You think about crash design, right? So the problems that you may have been dealing with earlier for crash might have been, how do you think about the passenger and will the passenger be protected? And that's a complex multi-physics problem, because you're dealing with the structural integrity, you're dealing with the deployment of the airbag, which is the fluids problem. So there's a multi-physics problems in nature that need to be addressed through simulation. Now the question is, it goes above and beyond that, and it says, well, what is the likelihood of a fire or some kind of a catastrophic fire that might take place as a result of a battery rupture? Can you solve that problem? So it starts to become more and more challenging. And so this transition is not just a matter of supporting the design of the engine per se, it is the actual car in the aggregate and that sort of plays well to our strengths and our capabilities.  Now with respect to your second question about healthcare. While healthcare is still and overall a relatively small part of the ANSYS business, simulation continues to grow. And we do well in, for example, the design and the manufacturing of medical devices. And that was obviously reflected in the performance in the quarter. But as we look to the future, we are excited about the increased use of simulation as a validation in the market. So the use of in-silico trials as opposed to just in vitro, in vivo. And the use of simulation techniques supporting those in-silico trials I think is really helpful. And we're working with early adopters who are using simulation to target specific surgical outcomes. And this is obviously early, early stage. There's not really much revenue associated with it; very, very early stage. But this is about how do you support a physician as they’re making decisions about surgery. Those are at the end of the day, some of those can be simplified into problems of computational fluid dynamics. And, of course, we have fantastic technology in that space. And so being able to put all of that together and packaging that, I think that's certainly something for the future.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Thank you. That's all the time we have today. I will turn it over to Ajei to make some closing comments.
Ajei Gopal: So thank you all for your questions. And I want to thank all my colleagues at ANSYS and our global partner network for your amazing work, your dedication to the company and for continuing to drive the success for ANSYS and our thousands of customers around the world.  With our excellent start to the year, a strong pipeline and the unprecedented levels of innovation that we're driving across our multi-physics products, I'm confident that we will meet our newly raised goals for 2021.  And with that, thank you all for attending today's call. And I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, President and Chief Executive Officer; Nicole Anasenes, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance; and Kelsey DeBriyn, Vice President, Investor and Government Relations. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. DeBriyn for opening remarks. Please go ahead.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release, the related prepared remarks document and the link to our first quarter Form 10-Q, have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website. They contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our first quarter financial results and business update as well as our Q2 and updated fiscal year 2021 outlook and the key underlying quantitative and qualitative assumptions.  Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Important factors that may affect our future results are discussed in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are available on our corporate website. We note that uncertainty regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our performance could cause actual results to differ materially from our projections. Forward-looking statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information.  During this call, we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and reconciliations of GAAP to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials.  I would now like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, Kelsey, and welcome to ANSYS, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. I am excited to report that Q1 was an excellent quarter for ANSYS, where we beat our financial guidance for revenue, operating margin and EPS. I'm also pleased that we are ahead of our internal plan for ACV. This is significant because, as I explained on our previous call, ACV is heavily loaded towards the back end of the year following the pattern of the past several years. And we are seeing the continued strengthening of the pipeline of ANSYS customer activities across all major geographies. The strong Q1 and our growing sales pipeline, coupled with our excellent Q4 last year, gives us increased confidence in the momentum of our business and in our ability to execute against our goals.  As a result, we are increasing our annual guidance for ACV, revenue, EPS and operating cash flow. We expect to see annual ACV growth, for example, to increase by over 1 percentage point in constant currency at the midpoint of our new guidance range. Nicole will provide more details in just a few minutes. In Q1, we were pleased to see that small and medium-sized customers who had slowed their purchasing decisions during the pandemic, showed stronger-than-expected sales growth across geographies and industries. Large customer behavior was as anticipated. From an industry perspective, our traditionally strong sector of hi-tech and semiconductor, aerospace and defense, and automotive and ground transportation continue to be our largest contributors. Our largest deal in the quarter was a 5-year multimillion-dollar agreement with a large North American automotive OEM. This long-time customer is realizing savings by using ANSYS Simulation for its strategic warranty cost control initiative.  The manufacturer is also using ANSYS Simulation to identify the sources of electromagnetic noise to prevent interference and wireless communications. This new contract deepens and expands the customer's use of ANSYS solutions for wireless communications, autonomy, explicit dynamics, materials intelligence and electrification.  We saw numerous examples of simulation spurring product innovation and reducing development costs at our recently concluded Simulation World Virtual Conference. Nearly 40,000 engineers, designers, executives, students, investors and members of the press registered for this event, which showcased simulation success stories from a number of ANSYS customers, from small start-ups, to multinational organizations to span industries, including Northrop Grumman, Whirlpool, Medtronic, SC Microelectronics, Boeing and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals. Participants attended tracks on electrification, autonomy, digital transformation, 5G connectivity and digital mission engineering and listened to simulation use cases for vaccine distribution, spacecraft risk mitigation, crack propagation and gas turbines, virtual crash testing and automobiles and so on.  We heard from Formula One's Red Bull Racing, which is relied on the power of pervasive simulation to provide a competitive edge. Red Bull Racing's engineering team operates within a tight development window to optimize its racecar aerodynamics and shave milliseconds off lap times. With only a few days between competition, ANSYS Simulation becomes the team's virtual wind tunnel to run external aerodynamic analysis. Simulation is also key to developing the chassis control circuits, in selecting the right materials and in ensuring driver safety through virtual crash analysis. We had an entire track dedicated to electrification, where start-up Lucid Motors discussed taking advantage of simulation to develop its luxury electric automobile entirely on a computer, significantly reducing the need for physical prototypes.  Lucid achieved its goal of creating a battery that will run for 400 miles on a single charge while providing enough power to propel the car from 0 to 60 miles per hour in 2.5 seconds. In the process, the company addressed key customer needs, solved difficult engineering problems and brought a world-class vehicle to market in a fraction of the time required by conventional approaches. Electrification, of course, is not limited to ground vehicles. Simulation-led breakthroughs in battery technologies are powering all-electric aircraft.  During Simulation World, we also heard from Air Race E, which is sponsoring a series of international racing competitions for electric aircraft. Air Race E teams are using ANSYS Simulation to develop batteries to deliver more power with less weight. And designing electric powertrains that overcome difficult thermal and high-voltage challenges. The lessons learned from these races could advance the development and adoption of electrification for commercial aircraft.  Nokia discussed its use of ANSYS HFSS and our electromagnetic solutions to investigate and optimize material properties and the performance of phased antenna arrays. By using ANSYS Simulation, Nokia was not only able to develop an alternative design that was fast, inexpensive and accurate, but also one that facilitates design sharing with vendors and mobile network operators. One of the most exciting presentations was from NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab, which highlighted simulation's role in the Mars Perseverance Rover mission. The JPL simulated every component of the landing, giving engineers confidence that the Rover would successfully endure the so-called 7 minutes of terror from atmospheric entry to landing.  Simulation was also used to ensure that the Mission Ingenuity Helicopter could navigate the thin Marsian atmosphere. Simulation World let me more confident than ever that the ANSYS strategy of pervasive simulation is working. With over 60 hours of content and more than 300 speakers from companies around the world, there are simply too many ANSYS customer success stories to mention on this call. So I encourage you to visit simulationworld.com to learn how ANSYS Simulation is changing the way these organizations are developing, testing and operating their next-generation products.  ANSYS partners were represented in Simulation World as well. Microsoft sponsored several sessions where they highlighted how users can leverage the Microsoft Azure cloud platform to gain easy access to high-performance computing resources directly from ANSYS products. Rockwell Automation discussed the key role that simulation plays in production, automation and digital transformation. In the PTC sessions, we learned how Creo Simulation Live and Creo ANSYS Simulation are driving a key change in product development.  We also heard how ANSYS and Synopsys are bringing their integrated capabilities to cover a variety of multiphysics domain like power, timing, reliability and thermal simulation to maximize the speed and density achievable in advanced multi-die systems while ensuring robust reliability.  Turning to ESG. ANSYS recently published our annual corporate responsibility report, which highlights progress across our environmental, social and governance initiatives. On ansys.com, you can view the report and learn more about how those pillars are driving long-term growth for our stakeholders through responsible and sustainable business activities.  I'm also proud that Fast Company has named ANSYS to its list of the world's most innovative companies. ANSYS joins the prestigious list of organizations, including Microsoft, SpaceX, Sony and Honeywell. Fast Company has also recognized our digital twin at the human heart as one of its 2021 world-changing ideas. To summarize, Q1 was another great quarter for ANSYS, resulting in us beating our guidance for revenue, operating margin and EPS.  The energy and enthusiasm seen during Simulation World and the strength of our customer pipeline gives me even more confidence in the importance of simulation, in the effectiveness of our pervasive simulation strategy and in our ability to meet our newly increased outlook for 2021.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Nicole. Nicole?
Nicole Anasenes: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Let me take a few minutes to add some additional perspective on our first quarter financial performance and provide color around our outlook and assumptions for Q2 and 2021. Our strong Q1 results reflect outstanding execution across our business, which yielded revenue, operating margin and EPS all above our Q1 guidance. As Ajei mentioned, in Q1, our large customer behavior was as expected, and we were encouraged to see more momentum with our small and medium-sized customers. We're increasingly optimistic about SMB customer behavior for the full year based on the new deal activity we saw in Q1, which was broad-based across industries and geographies.  Now let me discuss some of our Q1 financial highlights. Q1 ACV was $319.4 million and grew 6% or 3% in constant currency, with strong performance from the channel and 78% of ACV coming from recurring sources. Q1 total non-GAAP revenue was $372.1 million and grew 20% or 17% in constant currency. We saw strong performance in lease revenue, driven by new leases signed in the first quarter. In addition, we had a higher mix of sales than expected from perpetual licenses, which drives more upfront revenue recognition.  The largest contribution to the growth in perpetual licenses came from Asia Pacific. We closed the quarter with a total balance of deferred revenue and backlog of $936.5 million, representing a 12% increase over last year's first quarter balance. During the quarter, we continued to manage our business with fiscal discipline. This yielded a solid first quarter gross margin of 88.5% and an operating margin of 33.5%, which was better than our Q1 guidance. Operating margins were positively impacted by revenue performance above our guidance as well as the timing of expenses. The result was first quarter EPS of $1.12, which was also above our guidance. Similar to operating margins, EPS benefited from strong revenue results and the timing of expenses.  Our effective tax rate in Q1 was 19%, which is the tax rate that we expect for the remainder of 2021. Our cash flow from operations in Q1 totaled $171.1 million, which benefited from higher collections, given the strong Q4 finish in 2020. We ended the quarter with almost $1 billion of cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet.  Now let me turn to the topic of guidance. We continue to build confidence in our outlook for the year. Coming off our strong finish in Q1, we are initiating guidance for Q2 and increasing our ACV, revenue, EPS and operating cash flow outlook for the full year. This increase reflects the strong financial performance in the first quarter and our pipeline while being mindful of regional uncertainties in a continuously evolving global pandemic environment. Let me also add that these increases to guidance occurred despite increased headwinds from currency exchange rates since initiating our full year guidance in February.  For the second quarter, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $415 million to $445 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.43 to $1.67. As I mentioned, for the full year, we are raising our ACV, revenue, EPS and operating cash flow outlook. We are increasing our full year ACV outlook range to $1.760 billion to $1.825 billion. This represents growth of 9% to 13% or 7% to 11% in constant currency. The increase to full year ACV reflects our Q1 performance, which exceeded our expectations and increased confidence in our full year pipeline, offset by approximately $14 million of foreign exchange headwind.  As a result, operationally, we are raising the midpoint of our ACV guidance by $19 million, which translates to an increase of over 1 point of constant currency growth compared to our February guidance. As a reminder, it is best to look at full year ACV growth as quarters can be variable. This year, quarterly ACV growth rates will vary based on how the pandemic impacted quarterly sales in 2020. Overall, we expect first half and second half ACV growth rates to be roughly similar to each other. Consistent with prior years, the dollar value of ACV will be highly skewed towards the second half of the year. We expect non-GAAP revenue to be in the range of $1.810 billion to $1.875 billion, which is a growth of 7% to 11% or 5% to 9% in constant currency.  Similar to our ACV guidance, this increase reflects our strong Q1 revenue performance, offset by approximately $14 million of foreign exchange headwind. As a result, operationally, we are raising the midpoint of our revenue guidance by $24 million, which translates to a constant currency growth of 1.5 points higher than the midpoint of our February guidance. As you know, ASC 606 introduces revenue growth volatility within the quarters. However, on a full year basis, revenue is less variable. We expect revenue growth to be higher in the first half versus the second half based on the mix of license types in our pipeline. Consistent with prior years, we expect the fourth quarter to be our largest revenue quarter in absolute dollars.  We are increasing our full year EPS outlook and now expect EPS to be in the range of $6.69 to $7.10. This increase incorporates our strong Q1 performance and a favorable $0.14 gain on an investment that we expect to record in other income in the second quarter and is offset by approximately $0.06 of foreign exchange headwind. It is worth noting that some of our strong Q1 EPS performance was driven by the timing of expenses that will occur in the remainder of the year as we redeploy spending to focused areas of investment.  Now let me turn to our full year operating cash flow guidance. We are increasing our 2021 outlook to a range of $480 million to $520 million. This increase relates to payments we are no longer expecting to make, offset by approximately $5 million of foreign exchange headwind. We were pleased with our strong start to the year in operating cash flow. But as a reminder, we would expect cash flow to be skewed towards the fourth quarter based on the timing of large deals and whether they close in the beginning or the end of the quarter.  For modeling purposes, we're expecting second quarter operating margin of 34.5% to 38%. And for the full year, we continue to expect operating margins of 40% to 41%. Further details around specific currency rates and other assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q2 and fiscal year '21 are contained in the prepared remarks document.  I would like to thank the ANSYS team for their exceptional execution during the quarter, which drove our strong Q1 financial and operational results. Our incredible technology, talent and deep customer relationships drives our optimism in the long-term outlook for ANSYS. Our focus on execution and investing in the business combined with the strength of our recurring business and growing sales pipeline provide a strong foundation to deliver on our 2021 goals as well as our longer-term financial targets.  Operator, we will now open the phone line to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And the first question comes from Gal Munda with Berenberg.
Gal Munda: The first one, I was just like to double-click a little bit maybe on the linearity of the ACV growth that you're expecting for the year. Obviously, you have significant confidence in the rest of the year, hence raising it $19 million midpoint. But can you just talk a little bit about how those deals might come through? And if you have significant large deals in the pipeline that could affect that and that's why it gives you the most of the confidence?
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. So thanks for the question, Gal. Yes, we were really, really pleased with our Q1 performance and especially the green shoots that we started to see from the SMB segment, which was part of why we -- what led to our raise, as you noted, the $19 million raise in guidance. So I would say -- I would characterize our outlook to be consistent with what we saw in Q1, which was that large deal performance came in and enterprises came in as we expected them to behave. And we have some more growing optimism around the kind of improvement in the patterns of the smaller customer set, which, as you recall, was the customer set that we were a little bit more cautious about coming into the year.  And so I'd say the shape of the things that came out in Q1 are similar things that affect our outlook for the full year.
Gal Munda: That's really helpful. And then maybe the second question, a little bit more strategically thinking. You guys have been fairly successful in allocating CapEx over the last couple of years, really consolidated some of that market. You're returning to really strong cash position. Again, balance sheet is strong. How are you thinking about the opportunities at this stage kind of balancing your strong position with the multiples quite elevated? Do you have appetite to potentially add a little bit more to that organic growth with some opportunistic M&A?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean -- so what I would say is that our capital allocation strategy hasn't changed. And as you point out, our greatest return typically comes from investing in the business and acquiring best-in-class simulation technology in support of our clients and the digital transformations that they're undertaking. So M&A is preferred, but we are selective. And so as a result, share repurchases and debt repayments are other areas that we've deployed cash, and we'll continue to do so.
Operator: And the next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Two questions. First, the company has previously said that your customer concentration, that is among your top 100 or so customers, has evolved from -- they are accounting for roughly 1/3 of your business to closer to now half of your business. And the question there is, how is that affected or might -- how it might continue to affect your internal investments, resource requirements, pipeline foreseeability, any of those sorts of metrics pursuant to that higher customer concentration?  And then secondly, there are a number of external and internal technology catalysts coming up, some of which were mentioned at Simulation World a couple of weeks ago. For instance, you have a new upcoming ANSYS Rockwell integration coming up. You have additional solvers for ANSYS Cloud coming up over the summer, I think, with the R2 release, plus some additional high core count configurations. Microsoft is going to be previewing manufacturing cloud. And then lastly, the materials business unit is going to be expanding, I think, more into the fluids area. So lots going on in the technology pipeline. Maybe you could talk about how any one of those are factored into your thinking?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So Jay, maybe I'll take the first question. I'm going to have Ajei take the second question. So as you point out, our strategy of pervasive simulation is playing out in the market and more and more customers are making larger and larger investments in there. And I think that it speaks to the strength of the strategy and the strength of the portfolio that customers are kind of going in going all-in on ANSYS to help them accelerate product development.  What I would say about the overall level of investment, I would say it's consistent with the strategy that we've had to be able to allow customers to evaluate, to leverage our technology using multiphysics solutions. And so that benefits our large customers, of course, but it benefits all customers. And I think that the momentum that we saw in SMB, as an example, is just one kind of proof point that would indicate that it's a purchase order.  So it's not as though we have a set of products and a set of investments that are for only large customers and only small customers, those investments get really diversified across the customer base. And so it's really about the personalization of the selling motion and how we engage with customers, which has been pretty consistent across the past couple of years. So I don't see anything that's any meaningfully different -- that would be any meaningfully different from an investment standpoint.
Ajei Gopal: And Jay, thanks for the question. So just to quickly jump in, this is Ajei. When you think about smaller versus larger customers, we have over 1,000 customers have gone through the ANSYS start-up program. And these companies tend to be some of the most innovative companies in their use of simulation and they push the envelope. Oftentimes because they approach the problem with no frequency of how to build a solution, and they're in a position to take advantage of the best technologies and the best solutions in the market, and of course, they turn to ANSYS. And so we have -- we are seeing the technologies that we are building and developing being used across the board by large companies as well as small companies.  And you alluded, and you mentioned several of these technologies. I think it's fair to say that the strategy that we laid out a few years ago, pervasive simulation is working. And if you recall, what we said there at the time was that we were going to diversify or focus from just focusing on the high-end analyst to with a broader set of individuals, so it's a broader engineering population so that we could address the needs of engineers across the entire product development life cycle.  And you talked about our relationship with Rockwell. That's a great example where we're trying to address the needs of the manufacturing engineer, for example. And in other areas with digital twin technologies, we can go after operations engineers and so on. So there's a very different -- it's a very different approach than we may have had 5 or 7 years ago. It's a much broader approach. And as you see, the technologies that we have developed, the acquisitions that we've made have all been in support of the core of the business as well as this diversification towards the pervasive simulation strategy, and it benefits both large companies as well as small companies.
Operator: And the next question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: You mentioned that there was some sort of hiring that lagged in the quarter. What do you think about the sort of the broader job market? How do you think about your ability to hire people as a potential gating factor in 2021 as the economy continues to recover?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So thanks so much for your question. So in February, we spoke about more modest expectations for hiring in 2021, particularly in the first half. So in the second half of last year, we brought on about 300 new hires, plus we acquired AGI. And our focus -- employee experience is a very high priority for us at ANSYS. And given all of those people that we brought on board, our focus in -- at least in the first half of the year is really primarily to ensure all of them are properly onboarded, feeling engaged. And as all of us know, it's a little bit more challenging to do that during these times of COVID where we can't see each other.  So to date, we're a bit behind our objective, but that objective was a bit more modest. And so overall, we consider ourselves really on track, and we would expect to close the gap throughout the year. This is more of a matter of our own intentionality around our customer experience, and the competitiveness in the market and the ability to attract talent has not changed.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. If I could just add to that, I mean one of the things that we pride ourselves for is our -- is the culture within ANSYS. We see our employee engagement scores continue to go up and to the right, which I think is really important. We've won some Employer of Choice Awards, which I think is important as well. So all of that points to a great culture within the company. And given the technology and given the capabilities that we provide, frankly, for a number of students graduating from engineering school, what we do and the technologies that we provide represent their career objectives. They want to work in ANSYS. What we do is essentially what they've been training for as they've been getting their bachelor's degrees and their master's degrees or even their PhDs. And so we have that capability to attract, I think, top-quality talent into the organization, both from universities as well as from -- as well as people who are working at other organizations. So I'm very pleased about our ability to create that pipeline and also about the culture that we've been able to build at ANSYS.
Andrew Obin: And just a follow-up question for me. The semiconductor industry is clearly one of your areas of expertise and dominance. And we have several high-profile announcements on semiconductor CapEx shifting to the U.S. How much visibility do you have in your penetration here? And how should we think about sort of longer-term opportunity for ANSYS as incremental growth CapEx does start showing up in North America?
Ajei Gopal: Well, the way you should think about our technology is really helping our customers, primarily with the design of their products, whether it's semiconductors or frankly, with any product that they may be working with. And so as you start to look at investments, for example, in other geographies, for example, in the U.S., across the board, whether it's in semiconductors or elsewhere. And you start to look at the increase in capacity, that translates into the need for more simulation. And that translates into the need for more ANSYS. And because of the breadth of the portfolio because we have the ability to support multiphysics simulations, I think this puts us in a very, very good position.  If you look at our capabilities for advanced process nodes for semiconductors, if you look at the abilities -- capabilities that we have for 3D ICs, that's where, as I said, this multiphysics portfolio that we have really shines. And so we're in a position to support our customers as they evolve their plans and their design capabilities.
Operator: And the next question comes from John Walsh with Crédit Suisse.
John Walsh: Maybe a first question, just thinking about and appreciate the color you provided thinking first half to second half. Just wanted to understand maybe the margin driver dynamics a little bit more, maybe particularly around either the SG&A line? And then just as a follow-up to that, great discussion earlier on the small and medium businesses. Was just curious if that's kind of the economy coming back? Or if you also have some targeted sales initiatives into those customers?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So thanks, John, for your question. So how I would think about margin overall is related to the skew of the business. So as we've communicated in the past, revenue is more highly skewed towards the fourth quarter and second half. Overall, first quarter tends to be kind of the smallest revenue generation quarter just based on the pattern of our customers' purchases and behavior. With that said, our overall business is -- the cost structure associated with our business is largely people, which is not variable. And so the margin profile as we go throughout the year is going to be much more elevated in the back half of the year and much more muted in the first half of the year.  And so we -- that's a normal pattern we saw -- we see it -- we saw it in 1Q. We've seen it in prior years. And so we would expect that pattern overall to follow suit.
Ajei Gopal: And then with respect to your comment about the small and medium business, as you recall, last year, when we talked about the impact of the pandemic, we pointed out that small and medium business was likely to be disproportionately affected. They typically don't have the financial resources that larger organizations do, and therefore, have to be a little bit more conservative with cash. Obviously, now we're in a situation where there is vaccine rollout in parts of the world. Obviously, we have tragic situations in parts of the globe, like, for example, the situation in India.  But at the same time, we have a broad-based perception that there's going to be a recovery around the world, and that translates into the economy coming back. So we certainly see that in general across the space and SMB is no exception. In many cases, the smaller customers are seeing the need to catch up with activities that they may have missed out on. And so there's perhaps an even greater emphasis on trying to drive some of this work.  The other point here is that we have global channel partners. And our channel partners oftentimes manage the relationships with the small and medium businesses. And so we have many, many arms and legs on the Street working with these smaller companies to help them get to the stage where they can get back into the main line of their operations. And so we're able to leverage this global channel network to also help us by being able to reach the small and medium business customers.
Operator: And the next question comes from Tyler Radke with Citi.
Tyler Radke: First question for -- maybe for you, Ajei. Obviously, you talked about some large auto wins in the quarter, I think, one with a leading kind of EV company. Curious if that was kind of an expansion deal on an existing relationship. And if so, how much it expanded? And then more broadly, could you just kind of talk about your pipeline in the auto industry? I know this has been an area of strength and with a lot of the trends around autonomous and electrification, you've had a lot of success there. But are there large deals coming up for renewal? Maybe just give us a sense for how the automotive pipeline looks relative to years past?
Ajei Gopal: Sure. The customer that I referenced in the call was, in fact, a long time existing customer of ANSYS. And they obviously were in a position to renew some of their existing relationship of some of their existing product usage and expand in other areas. And so that was a good relationship, and that was important for us to be able to manage. They expanded, for example, into materials, that was a new area for us. And that came in, as you recall, through an acquisition that we did a few years ago, with Granta. What we're excited about in the broader automotive space is, I mean, you pointed to electrification, you pointed to autonomy. With electrification, clearly, the imperative seems to have continued to accelerate, and there is -- there continues to be activity, frankly, in all of the geos and through the supply chain.  The complexity of electrification, new government mandates to becoming carbon neutral, frankly, all of those things are driving a huge demand for simulation. And we're seeing a wide adoption of our electric machine design solutions as customers try to get to more reliable and efficient motors for electric vehicle powertrains. We're seeing battery and battery management system designs. Those are areas where simulation is growing as you have new regulations in place regarding things like thermal runaway, which is the major cause of fires in electric vehicles.  And then, of course, you see customers who are trying to focus on EMI and C testing, things like cable harnesses. So there's just a number of situations and examples of electrification, which represent, frankly, a significant level of investment across the board. And then, of course, with respect to autonomy, that continues to be an area of ongoing interest. And you see certainly a lot of customers participating in that space. I would argue that the market expectations of when we will have fully autonomous vehicles on the market has been pushed back because I think people are coming to terms with the complexity involved in creating a fully autonomous car on public streets. And so that's being pushed back.  But if you look at the work that we've been doing, we announced this partnership with BMW back in 2019. And over the last couple of years almost, we've had tremendous amount of positive customer feedback supporting our efforts. Earlier last year, we announced a partnership with FLIR that focused on hazard detection capabilities for autonomous driving. We've partnered with NVIDIA. We talked at the NVIDIA conferences where we've talked about our advanced radar capabilities. We've done some work with Velodyne on their LIDAR design.  So it's -- we have a comprehensive set of capabilities in a partnership strategy with autonomy. Most recently, you may have seen we announced a partnership with National Instruments, which was another important partner who's taken where we can work with our physics sensors. So we've got a partnership strategy with autonomy, which allows us to address the breadth and the complexity of that market as it develops as well. So I'm very excited about both of those markets. They represent tailwinds. And frankly, we were early to invest in that space because we saw those -- we saw both electrification and autonomy is being important, and I think our investments have been validated.
Tyler Radke: Great. And just a quick follow-up maybe for Nicole. You talked about the SMB segment improving, which is good to see. But in terms of impacted industries or impacted verticals, kind of where are we in terms of those improvements? Did you kind of see those perform above expectations in Q1? And just maybe help us understand when you expect those to normalize?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So what I would say about the SMB segment, in particular, is that it was broad-based. It was across geographies, industries, and so that was not industry specific. Overall, industry performance was in line with the expectations we had coming into the quarter. And any volatility in any given industry in a quarter is usually due to the timing of large deals or the timing of renewals. And so that could vary. So overall, the performance of the business in its entirety in the quarter was really in line with our expectations around large customers.  And as we had mentioned, what really exceeded our expectations and what was encouraging was just the broad kind of level of improvement that we saw in SMB overall.
Operator: And the next question comes from Joe Vruwink with Baird.
Joseph Vruwink: Just to stick on the SMB performance in the quarter. I think at one point last year, you had revised your top line plans by about $80 million, and you said about 2/3 of that related to SMB accounts. I'm just wondering how much of that 2/3 of $80 million is maybe expected to now actually come back over the course of 2021? And then second question more on just the midterm performance of SMB customers. I'd say, the 1,000 customers that have gone through the ANSYS start-up program, what's been the experience of graduating onto kind of the upper tiers of the go-to-market period? And do you have any changes in ambitions for SMB within kind of the midterm horizon?
Ajei Gopal: So let me address the second part of the question first, as we think about the SMB program that we have or the start-up program that we have. So the ANSYS start-up program is really targeting companies that are very, very early in their life cycle. They may be pre-revenue, they may have very small amounts of revenue. And we work with them as they continue to develop their capabilities. And as I said, in many cases, we'll continue to push the envelope for simulation and what's possible. If -- I mentioned at Simulation World, there were -- we had a number of companies speak. You certainly heard from -- I mentioned Lucid Motors, that was an example of a company in our start-up program. Relativity, you may have heard me speak about them as well. Their business model is as a service. They're using our additive solutions and in our suite of technologies to be able to create satellites and launch vehicles for low earth orbit.  So very -- it's a very exciting group of companies. Obviously, small and medium business is not only related to the start-up program. We have others as well who are just smaller companies who participate in that program. Our expectation for the start-up program is that they continue to participate in -- they participate as part of members of the start-up program. And once their revenue reaches a certain level, they then graduate, if you will, into being mainline ANSYS customers.  And we've seen, obviously, as I mentioned, success, I mentioned a couple of anecdotes. I don't have the statistics in front of me, but we certainly can give you more information on that later.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So -- and on your question about the overall performance of the quarter, so look, we were really encouraged by what we saw. And I would characterize it as a beginning of a return to normalized patterns. This particular segment was very quick to shut things off when the pandemic hit. And they're going to be slower to return to normal as a result. They're just not as well capitalized as large companies. They're also more subject to any capitulation that continues to be in the market as the COVID pandemic kind of -- we get out of the pandemic. And so I would say our outlook includes a portion of that coming back. And it's really centered around -- we try to be transparent about what we see right -- what we see in front of us as opposed to speculate on how behavior can change. And so that's kind of how we've thought about the recovery in the context of our outlook.
Operator: And the next question comes from Adam Borg with Stifel.
Adam Borg: Maybe just two quick ones. First, Ajei, just on the competitive landscape. Obviously, you've seen a lot of success, but some of your competitors are talking more about getting deeper into the simulation market. I love to hear a little bit on any changes competitively and what you're seeing there. And then maybe just as a quick follow-up for Nicole, more of a housekeeping. Can you just help remind us what the inorganic contribution was in the quarter for revenue and ACV? And what the expectations are for the '21 guidance?
Ajei Gopal: Yes. So I think ANSYS is a unique company. And we are, I would argue, unequal in the marketplace in terms of our expertise in physics-based simulation. We've got deep and lasting customer relationships. And frankly, that's allowed us to drive innovation across the portfolio, and it's allowed us to create a very efficient and sustainable business model and a very deep competitive mode. And that strength of the business model, it's no wonder that competitors want to try to enter the space because they see this as being an attractive model, perhaps more attractive than the markets in which they participate in.  And over the years, we've seen competitors try to enter the space with a point solution or two. And in the meantime, we've continued to expand our physics. We've achieved integrated multiphysics at scale. I mean, some of our most -- some of our solutions scale up to 200,000 cores, for example, in our CFD space, and that's just an enormous capability for our customers. And we continue to deepen and broaden our understanding of customer pain points. We've added new techniques to be able to solve them. We've -- and you see these advancements taking place across our entire portfolio.  So I'm very excited about our portfolio. I think we're laser-focused on customer success. We have a strategy that we're executing. This is the right strategy for us. By being able to broaden and deepen our capabilities in physics, we continue to support our customers from small to large across a number of different industries. And I think that puts us in a very good position competitively. And frankly, if there are any -- one of a smaller company gets acquired by another company, it fundamentally doesn't make any difference in our competitive dynamic as we see the market.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. And Adam, just to answer your question quickly on inorganic contribution, our guidance hasn't changed from what we gave in February, which was the $75 million to $85 million contribution of AGI, is consistent with our outlook overall. The acquisition is going well, and we're tracking well against that.
Operator: And the next question comes from Jackson Ader with JPMorgan.
Jackson Ader: First question is actually on the -- on kind of more near term in the automotive space. Appreciate that the largest deal in the quarter came from an auto OEM. But if we just think about maybe any potential for delays or spending patterns changing from the automotive sector, just with the chip shortage that's just right here in front of us the next few quarters?
Ajei Gopal: Jackson, as you know, our technology is tied to R&D initiatives. We're not tied to manufacturing or to a number of units that are being produced. And so what we are seeing is an ongoing continued interest in our customers to produce newer and better technology. As I've mentioned, and I talked about it at some length about electrification, I talked about autonomy. But these have implications not only for the OEMS but through the entire supply chain. The challenges of just getting electric cars to market, as I said, are quite significant. And again, that's where ANSYS comes in.  So in the design activity, in the R&D initiatives, that's where there continues to be significant levels of investment. And as I said, we're not tied to the number of units being produced. And so any shortage or challenge in being able to produce cars doesn't affect us from an economic perspective.
Jackson Ader: Okay. And then switching over to another industry. I'm just curious to hear what you're seeing in the commercial aerospace customer base and whether investments and budgets are growing and accompanying the growing vaccine rates.
Ajei Gopal: Well, as we talked about last year, and I think I gave on a couple of other previous earnings calls, I talked a little bit about some of the activity that we have in the commercial aerospace segment. And in particular, I talked about engine manufacturers and how we are working closely with them. Some of the challenges that they have, that they're dealing with are quite significant. When you think about an aircraft engine, it is a really sophisticated component -- it is a sophisticated machine and the tolerances are remarkably small. And so it requires the use of multiphysics simulation. It's a combination of fluids of structures, of thermal, all of those things come together to be able to solve these problems. And of course, our customers are now struggling with not just the traditional use cases, but next-generation use cases. For example, with eco-friendly and green initiatives, there is a significant amount of pressure on the commercial aerospace world to be able to come up with more efficient aircraft design.  I talked in the script about electric aircraft, but that's still some time away. And so certainly, that's a trend in the industry. But it's a -- but getting to these lighter weight, fuel-efficient, eco-friendly engines continues to be an initiative. What's important to realize is that aircraft programs, engine programs, for example, or aircraft programs, in general, are multiyear initiatives. These are not things that change on a quarter-by-quarter basis. So these are multiyear initiatives with significant amounts of R&D that stretches over a long period of time. And obviously, we're engaged with our customers and working with them to help them be successful.
Operator: And the next question comes from Ken Wong with Guggenheim.
Ken Wong: The first one for you, Ajei. With about 2% of your business coming from construction, I guess, it's not obvious that you guys might benefit meaningfully from an infrastructure bill? Are there other aspects of your business that would potentially see some sort of an uplift? And then for Nicole, just wondering in terms of a rebound in discretionary spend that might have been suppressed during the pandemic? With 5 months in the bag now, any change to how you're thinking about the pace or magnitude of that recovery and spend?
Ajei Gopal: Let me just take the first question. I think it's important to realize that when we are talking about infrastructure investment, certainly, we see the opportunity with heavy industries, construction equipment, manufacturing. So there are a number of industries for which we have -- where we have strong exposure, which we think will benefit from investment in infrastructure. And you're right, of course, about construction in and of itself, but it goes significantly beyond that.  And then even in the context of construction, as you start to look at next-generation techniques like digital twins and physics-based digital twins, we have technology and capability that would be relevant. So we are very excited about the infrastructure -- investments in infrastructure, we think that would benefit us and certainly the customers whom we serve.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. And on your discretionary question, well, the vast majority of our employees are still working in a remote setting today. And we expect that's going to -- that they return to work. It's going to be really market dependent, and it's -- we're really focused on providing alternatives to employees, which ensures they're engaged and feeling secure about returning to work.  And so from an office standpoint, we've considered incremental investments to ensure safe return to work, although we consider that it's probably going to be slow. Travel is the one specific unknown to everyone. And what we would expect is that it would ramp more in the second half as markets become more open. But whether or not people continue to feel comfortable traveling during that time frame or not, that remains to be seen because we're not further enough along in the recovery.
Operator: And the next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Nicole, maybe first for you. Thanks for that tidbit on the inorganic contribution to ACV. Just maybe given the changing sort of FX backdrop and what sounds like certainly improved organic growth. I guess, the question is, how do you kind of think about organic constant currency growth in ACV for this year, just to sort of level set broad brush? Does that make sense?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean -- well, I would think about it in -- from the perspective of how we shared the AGI contribution. So the AGI contribution being $75 million to $85 million is kind of how we think about the inorganic portion of the business.
Saket Kalia: Right. But then also sort of the changing FX. I know that there's an incremental $14 million FX headwind versus the guide that you gave last. But on a year-over-year basis, how is that sort of FX part of it kind of play into it as well?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So the year-to-year impact, overall -- let's go back to the overall guidance. So overall guidance, we've raised constant currency growth by a point -- by a little bit over a point at the midpoint, a little bit higher on the low end, right? And so how I would think about that raise is pretty consistent with the organic momentum in the business, given that our guidance around the inorganic component is remaining the same.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Got it. Got it. And then maybe the follow-up is just kind of given what you're seeing from the SMB base and just broader kind of recovery, it was nice to see perpetual actually kind of get back to maybe some more normalized levels that we've seen in the past. I know you called out APAC. So maybe the question is, is this perpetual performance maybe isolated to that region and to this quarter? Or do you sort of see perpetual kind of maybe starting to get back to sort of pre-pandemic levels?
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So I mean, the -- there was -- Asia Pacific is a region that has a disproportionate percentage of customers who prefer the perpetual model, and that was a stronger performer in the quarter. And so there's a relationship between those 2 things. Overall, we feel that the long -- that over the long term, there will be a continued shift towards the leasing model. Customers have very dynamic development, R&D needs and project change and needs change over time. And so the leasing model provides customers with the level of flexibility to be able to use the capabilities that they need to as they need them over time and change those things over time.  And so overall, the long-term pattern and the momentum seems to be favoring more towards that more flexible model. And that's consistent with trends that are in the market today around customers wanting subscription licenses and more time-based licenses. So I would say there's nothing that we're seeing that is a sea change in preference. But in any given quarter, depending on the mix of customers, depending on the geographic region of customers, I wouldn't be surprised to see a dynamic like we saw in the quarter.
Kelsey DeBriyn: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: And then last question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: I'll just ask one. Maybe a follow-up to Saket's question. This is the highest perpetual growth quarter that we've seen maybe potentially ever. But was the strength in perpetual at all attributed to pull forward, which would explain maybe the growth rate? Just trying to understand the magnitude of the strength here.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. No, the perpetual growth in the quarter is really attributed to customers in the quarter disproportionately in the Asia Pacific region who chose to purchase -- they were in the pipeline and they chose to purchase in perpetual modes versus lease mode. So it really was about the in-quarter mix of pipeline and what resulted.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing comments.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, operator. With our excellent start to the year, our strengthening customer pipeline and the importance of simulation to our customers, I am confident that we will meet our newly raised goals for 2021. I want to thank all my colleagues at ANSYS for their commitment, their focus and their many successes. And I'd like to recognize the great contributions from our global channel partner network for their efforts in a difficult business environment.  And with that, thank you for attending today's call, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS' Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, Senior Executive Officer; Maria Shields, SVP and Chief Financial Officer; Nicole Anasenes, Senior Vice President; and Annette Arribas, Senior Director, Global Investor Relations. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Arribas for some opening remarks. Ma'am, you may begin.
Annette Arribas: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release, the related prepared remarks document and the link to our fiscal year 2020 Form 10-K have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website. They contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our fourth quarter and full year 2020 financial results and business update, as well as our initial Q1 and fiscal year 2021 outlook and the key underlying quantitative and qualitative assumptions. I would like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. We note that the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our performance could cause actual results to differ materially from our projections. Additionally, the company’s reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information. During this call and in the prepared remarks, we’ll be referring to non-GAAP financial measures, unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures is included in this morning’s earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. Before I turn the call over to Ajei, I would now like to let everybody know that we are continuing to make progress towards our environmental, social and governance roadmap. Earlier this year, we published our first product hand print use case focused on electric vehicles, illustrating how ANSYS solutions play a critical role in solving many of the industry's challenges. Additionally, we published our non-financial materiality assessment, which will guide our ESG strategy, as well as the human capital infographic highlighting key aspects of our ANSYS culture and talent management. All of this information is available in the sustainability section of our Investor Relations website. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Q4 was another excellent quarter for ANSYS, capping off the most successful year in a 50-year history. We beat up financial guidance for the quarter across all key metrics, including revenue, ACV, earnings per share, and cash flow. Q4 saw stronger than expected sales activity, which we believe was driven by a combination of deferred customer spending from earlier quarters greater than expected end of year customer budgets in the Americas and in EMEA, coupled with increased, albeit cautious optimism in the economy, thanks to the emergence of COVID-19 vaccines and expected government stimulus activities. During Q4, we closed nearly 100 deals over $1 million. On total, that includes eight deals in the eight figures. One of those agreements was the second largest deal in the history of the company, a five-year $79 million contract with an enterprise customer. While economic conditions forces global company to reduce expenses across the business, it renewed and expanded its use of ANSYS core solver technology worldwide and added newly acquired ANSYS technology, including electronics reliability and dynamic analysis. This contract reflects the customer's long-term decision to standardize on ANSYS technology over other vendors, and to reduce its reliance on physical testing and as a testament to ANSYS market leadership. As we have consistently said, our years have become increasingly backend loaded due primarily to the timing of large deals. This steady progression has allowed our sales and operations teams to support an increasingly higher magnitude of business in the fourth quarter of each year. Our strong Q4 2020 execution drove record quarterly ACV, which was over $100 million higher than the previous largest quarter in Q4 of 2019. The strength and volume of business that we closed in Q4 resulted in annual ACV growth, a whole of 10% in constant currency. The year developed largely as we had predicted in our May, 2020 call, with regards to our performance by industry, geography and company size. During the year, we exceeded our expectations with enterprise customers, including closing the three largest deals in our history. That speaks to the importance of ANSYS' integrated multi-physics simulation capabilities that connect all the major physics, as well as to the trusted partnerships that we have built with our enterprise customers. Moving to products. We advanced a strategy of pervasive simulation with our recent delivery of ANSYS 2021 Release 1 to our customers. With R1, engineers can harness the advances in simulation technology together with ever increasing computing power to drive new levels of product innovation. This comprehensive release features advances across our entire integrated multi-physics portfolio and our simulation platform, including an ANSYS Cloud where customers can now scale beyond 1,000 cores for a single job and ANSYS Discovery, which now includes automated thermal analysis to predict fluid and solid thermal behaviors for electronic cooling and heat management devices. And ANSYS Sherlock where customers can now incorporate ANSYS mechanicals random vibration analysis into their design for reliability workflow, thereby improving product reliability and lifetime. Another key element of R1 is ANSYS HFSS Mesh Fusion. This breakthrough solution simplifies the development of modern electronic products, which are incredibly complex systems consisting of multiple interacting components. Today engineers can analyze these systems using one of two suboptimal techniques, either individual components simulation with manual combination, which can be air pro [ph] or a one-size-fits-all-approach, which can result in long simulation times. Using ANSYS HFSS Mesh Fusion's game-changing technology an engineer can solve each component at a level of fidelity most relevant for that component. And then HFSS automatically fuses the results. This virtually eradicates the costs and the risks of traditional methods, enabling engineers to efficiently design and optimize complex products. Samsung electronics is using HFSS Mesh Fusion to create optimal designs and to shrink design cycle times and costs for its next-generation flat screen televisions. The electronics jives uses this innovative technology to develop advanced designs that were previously unimaginable. Moving to M&A. In Q4, we closed our acquisition of Analytical Graphics, Inc., or AGI. With AGI, we will be able to address a broader market called digital mission engineering, which combined mission simulation and analysis from AGI with components and system level simulation from ANSYS. Based on a third-party market analysis and primary interviews with industry experts, we believe that the AGI acquisition increases ANSYS' total addressable market by $800 million. That market is being fueled by the replacement of open source code, unsustainable in-house code and the ongoing growth in the number of missions. Our combined portfolio will enable customers to simulate up and down the stack, starting at the chip level and going all the way up to the customer and time mission, increasing the likelihood of success and saving them time, money, and other crucial resources. This week, we announced the relationship with Keysight, which connects AGI's mission analysis software with Keysight high fidelity RS systems modeling capability. This partnership builds on an existing relationship, which empowers engineers to evaluate mission level behavior, and as a key enabler for aerospace applications amongst others. PTC, another partner continues to see success with its OEM of ANSYS technology. In its most recent earnings call, PTC reported that Creo powered by ANSYS products grew bookings by more than 20% in the quarter. The company highlighted one such deal at SharkNinja, which added Creo Simulation Live to help spark innovation and decrease product development cycle times. As we look ahead to 2021, I'd like to reflect on the COVID-19 pandemic and put it in context of the ANSYS business. COVID had an adverse impact on our 2020 results most pronounced in Q2 and Q3 with some customers choosing to be cautious with that spending. However, our strong execution in the back half of the year, including the record Q4 performance, resulted in ACV above the high-end of our updated May guidance and within the originally established range for the year. We are seeing a continuation of Q4's cautious optimism in our customer base, with the expectation that the economic pressures of the pandemic will start to ease in the second half of 2021, but tempered by concerns with virus mutations and vaccine rollout schedules. The takeaway is that we're assuming greater uncertainty in the timing of sales activities than we would have had this been a non-COVID year. We are also planning for 2021 to be heavily backend loaded, similar to, or even slightly more pronounced than 2020. And we expect a wider range of outcomes in our full year projections as was the case in 2020. You will hear more about our guidance for 2021 shortly. Let me now move to the long-term to when the pandemic is behind us. While we are not in a position to quantify these considerations, I believe that some customers are cut back during the pandemic will increase spending in R&D and simulation to compensate for underinvestment in 2020. More important, however, I believe that we will see a number of tailwinds that served to increase the post-pandemic market growth rates as compared with our pre-pandemic projections. First, in a recent survey of nearly 900 executives and managers across industries, the firm McKinsey found the pandemic may have accelerated digital transformation by as much as a decade. I believe this is particularly relevant for our customers and that they will hasten their digital transformations post-pandemic in the process driving increased and deeper use of simulation. The pandemic proved that R&D engineers are effective when working from home and that they can use simulation to successfully develop products, even with no access to their physical labs. As companies move to hybrid work models post-pandemic, they must accelerate their digital transformations to replace legacy, product development processes with modern tools and techniques. Multi-physics simulation with its core value proposition of helping to accelerate time-to-market and to deliver cost savings will be key to these transformations. Next the pandemic seems to push customers to accelerate roadmaps and to innovate faster in areas such as telecommunications and consumer electronics. We are also seeing increased R&D in the creation of eco-friendly products, such as electric vehicles and lightweight fuel efficient aircraft engines as we discussed in our last earnings call. All of these products are sophisticated and complex and require integrated multi-physics simulation for design and development. That will continue to drive increased post-pandemic demand across our entire portfolio, including our newly acquired AGI mission offerings. To summarize, despite the disruptions caused by the pandemic, Q4 was an outstanding quarter, marked by record financial results. Looking long-term, we believe that the pandemic may actually cause our total addressable market to go faster than our pre-pandemic projections. This makes me confident that as the market leader ANSYS will be able to continue to drive strong and profitable long-term growth. Our next speaker is Maria Shields. As you may know, Maria has been our CFO since 1998. And for those of you accounting, that's 90 quarterly earnings calls. She's been instrumental in guiding ANSYS on a remarkable journey from our initial public offering in 1996 to a status today as a simulation industry leader. And it's very fitting that we have delivered record results in her last full quarter as CFO. On March 1st, she will transition into a new role of Senior Vice President of Administration, where she will focus on company culture, talent, and technology to help us operate at even greater efficiencies. Former board member, Nicole Anasenes will succeed Maria, as CFO on March 1st. With her experience in the tech sector, as well as the knowledge of ANSYS, Nicole hit the ground running since joining ANSYS full-time in December. In addition to the traditional CFO responsibilities, Nicole will direct and oversee our M&A function, as well as ANSYS' digital transformation. Nicole was CFO and COO at Squarespace. She was CFO at Infour and spent 17 years with IBM in various leadership positions and finance, mergers and acquisitions and market development, including a CFO of IBM software middleware business and a cloud business. I'll now turn the call over to Maria to discuss our Q4 and 2020 financials, and then to Nicole to give details around the 2021 outlook and assumptions for the year. Maria?
Maria Shields: Thank you, Ajei. I truly appreciate the kind words and your ongoing support and partnership over the past four years. Hello, everyone. We are very pleased to report another strong quarter, resulting in record financial performance for both the quarter and the year. I'll spend a few minutes walking through an overview of the Q4 financial highlights, and then I'll turn the call over to Nicole to add all the cadence and quantitative color around our initial outlook and key assumptions for the first quarter and full year 2021. Before I get into the details of our financial highlights, I would like to take a moment to say thank you to the entire ANSYS team. You're focused on execution, collaboration and ongoing commitment to customer excellence enabled us to finish with both a record quarter and year, across both operational and financial fronts, despite the many uncertainties and disruptions that accompanied the COVID-19 pandemic. We are also very excited about the closing of the AGI acquisition in early December and the positive progress that the teams have made on integration activities. We closed the quarter with total revenue of $628 million or constant currency growth of 24% and operating margins and EPS results that were both well above the high-end of our Q4 guidance. This is quite a testament to the strength and durability of the ANSYS business model, particularly when you consider the strong comparable of Q4 2019. Let me also add it consistent with every quarter of this past year, our revenue results, as we closed out 2020 or driven by solid sales execution. Other key financial metrics for the quarter continue, with 20% constant currency growth in ACV to a total of $666 million of which 83% was from recurrent sources. This compares to 78% in last year's fourth quarter. This is a new record for Q4 with respect to both total ACV and the percentage that is attributable to recurring sources. Q4's revenue results reflect the continued trend in solid lease sales that we've been experiencing throughout 2020, with a record 54% constant currency increase in leased license revenue. For the time in 2020, in the fourth quarter, we reported a return to growth in the paid-up software license line with 11% growth in constant currency. This yield is 38% constant currency growth in our software license revenue. The increase in leased license sales combined with high renewal rates on maintenance contracts contributed to building our deferred revenue and backlog to a Q4 total of $967 million, an 11% increase over last year's comparable balance. The strong top line results combined with our continued focus on fiscal discipline helped to drive a fourth quarter gross margin of 92% and an operating margin of 52%, which finished well above the high-end of our Q4 guidance. With respect to taxes, our effective tax rate in Q4 was 19.5%, in line with our expectations. The net result was fourth quarter EPS of $2.96, which also finished well above the high-end of our guidance. We illustrated our cash and balance sheet position in the fourth quarter with cash flow from operations, it totaled $174 million, a 25% increase over last year's fourth quarter. The quarter's cash flow benefited from very strong receivables collection, as well as the deferral of certain tax payments into 2021. This translates to a new record of $547 million for the full year. We closed the year with a total of $913 million in cash and short-term investments, and a total debt balance of $798 million. Let me just close by saying that we are extremely fortunate to have finished 2020 with the best financial performance in our 50-year history. These results are a testament to the resiliency of the ANSYS business model and to the tenacity, dedication and hard work of our employees, customers, and partners. Now, let me turn the call over to Nicole, who will continue with the topic of guidance. Nicole?
Nicole Anasenes: Thank you, Maria. First, I want to echo Maria's congratulations and gratitude to the entire ANSYS team for such an amazing 2020. Together, we delivered stellar outcomes in the face of unprecedented business uncertainty. The one ANSYS culture of teamwork and commitment to customer success that drove those results is one of the many reasons I am so thrilled to join the team. Looking into 2021, I want to share some of the key dynamics we have factored into our guidance. Due to the continued uncertainty about the timing and impact of return to normal business operations post the pandemic, our guidance range is continued to be wider than those we have historically provided pre-pandemic. We anticipate that the current environment will continue through the first half of the year and expect a recovery in the business environment during the second half of the year, with increased global economic stimulus and the global availability of vaccines. We continue to believe the impact will have a disproportionate effect on our small and medium sized customers versus larger customers throughout 2021. We estimate trade restrictions between the U.S. and China have adversely impact our annual sales by approximately $25 million. While the trade environment has been rapidly changing and they continue to do so under the new U.S. administration, our outlook factors in the existing trade restrictions and dynamics that are in place today. We are expecting to see a continued mix shift from perpetual licenses to lease licenses, as customers continue to find the flexibility of lease licensing and operating on the cloud more appealing. The reduced capital outlay associated with the leasing model is also more appealing to certain customers during a time of economic uncertainty. Our blended renewal rates across maintenance and leases have historically been approximately 90%, with the renewal rates on maintenance agreements being even higher. Our renewal rates have remained high with only a slight reduction as compared to our historical experience. And our assumptions are that they will take up slightly in 2021 towards historical levels. We continue and to adjust our spending to reflect our expectations for the pace at which economic recovery will occur, while balancing the need to invest for the long-term opportunity that we see ahead. We have also maintained and intend to continue our commitment to invest in our acquired companies, as well as R&D and certain digital transformation projects, as those projects are critical to our ability to operate efficiently and scale the business for future growth.  We completed the acquisition of AGI on December 1st, and it factored the expected impact into guidance, which translates to approximately one negative point of margin. We expect this dilutive impact to be the most pronounced in the first year post acquisition, consistent with our past experiences and approach to integration. As we look ahead to 2021, we expect to see a very similar seasonal pattern as we've seen in prior years, with a disproportionately large Q4, driven by customer planning and year-end spending patterns. In Q4 2020, we saw an outsized shift in customer behavior in December relative to what has historically occurred. There was a significant and unexpected acceleration in customer decisions to both purchase and pay. We exceeded the high-end of our Q4 2020 guidance on ACV by $26 million with 20% constant currency growth, and full year 2020 cash flow guidance by $72 million and grew 9%. Our strong finish leaves us optimistic and reinforces our belief that customers view simulation as essential and will continue to invest in their own digital transformation. Our full year 2021 guidance reflects an improvement in momentum in both ACV and cash flow. However, some of the impact of that momentum started in December of 2020, which was seen any overachievement above the high-end of our guidance. While this momentum is positive, the dynamic also negatively affects 2021 growth comparisons for key financial metrics. For example, the $26 million of overachievement in ACV creates a 2% headwind to 2021 ACV growth. Although, the environment remained fluid and we are still in the midst of the pandemic, we believe that if post-COVID economic recovery and the current trade environment remains in line with our expectations, our long-term guidance of $2 billion ACV in 2022 is attainable. Now let me get to the specifics of our guidance. In full year 2021, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1,790 million to $1,875 million, which is growth of 6% to 11% or 3% to 8% in constant currency and EPS of $6.44 to $6.92. For Q1 2021, we are projecting non-GAAP revenue in the range of $335 million to $360 million, which is 8% to 17% growth or 5% to 12% in constant currency and EPS of $0.73 to $0.90. Our outlook for full year 2021 is to maintain industry-leading operating margins, which we expect to be in the range of 40% to 41% and Q1 2021 operating margins in the range of 24% to 27.5%. The lower Q1 2021 operating margins reflect the seasonal nature of our business with a relatively lower revenue contribution in the quarter, similar to what we experienced in Q1 of last year with an operating margin below 30% For full year 2021, we expect ACV in the range of $1,750 million to $1,825 million, which translates to 8% to 13% growth or 6% to 11% in constant currency. As we mentioned earlier, we expect ACV to be highly skewed toward the fourth quarter. We are expecting to deliver full year operating cash flow in the range of $475 million to $515 million. This is reflective of our current view on full year ACV and profitability. It considers the continued trend of requests for extended payment terms negotiated in new contracts, as well as the timing of certain early collections and deferred tax payments in 2020 that collectively raised full year 2020 cash flow and lower than full year 2021 outlook. Additional details related to the cash flow guidance and specific impact to full year 2020 and 2021 are more fully provided in our prepared remarks document. Further details around specific currency rates and other key quantitative and qualitative assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q1 and full year 2021 are also contained in the prepared remarks document.  I am so proud of and thrilled to be part of a team who has delivered such outstanding results, despite so many macro headwinds and business disruptions during a time of personal hardship for many. I am confident that with this team, we will be able to continue to need to deliver on our strategy of pervasive simulation and help our customers achieve their innovation and sustainability goals Operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we are ready to begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Jackson Ader from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Jackson Ader: Great. Thanks. Good morning, guys. And I guess we should start off with Maria, heartfelt congratulations on your 90th call and it's -- we're sad to see you go from the CFO role, but glad that sticking around with ANSYS and welcome to Nicole. First question though is for Ajei and your comments about the TAM growth pre-and-post-pandemic. So, can we just get a little bit more color? Is this expectations for all the different components of the TAM, the core simulation, and then the growth opportunities in the IoT and electrification and others, or were you talking specifically about just maybe one or two components of that total TAM mix?
Ajei Gopal: Hey, Jackson, thanks for the question. So, my comments very specifically in the script on TAM, one was around the increase in TAM as a result of the AGI acquisition, which we set at -- which we said added about $800 million to our total addressable market. The other comments about tailwinds that I spoke off were more -- were harder to quantify. As I said in the script, the point about digital transformation is that we have seen customers embrace simulation more during the pandemic, and certainly with the recognition that their engineers could work from home effectively away from corporate labs, that's also been another tailwind for the use of simulation. So, we expect to see that continue certainly even the value proposition of simulation being able to drive product to market faster and save money. So, that's the tailwind. And the second one that we -- that I pointed to was, in certain areas, we've seen increased levels of investment. Now, those are, -- I specifically call that telecommunications and consumer electronics, and those are areas which require multi-physics simulation analysis. So, it really reflects on the multi-physics nature about portfolio, which I think was the question that you were asking.  But also the other interesting thing that we've noticed, which I pointed to in the comments is in the area of eco-friendly products. And I'm not sure if it's coincidence or there's a commonality here with the pandemic, but with the -- in that area, we've seen certainly increased levels of investment, whether it's electric vehicles, which we identified and points to before, but also in other things like light-weighting and eco-friendly aircraft engines and others. And so, this area continues to be also an area of increased growth and it's something that requires multi-physics simulation. So, that was the context of my comments, Jackson.
Jackson Ader: Gotcha. Okay. Great. And then a quick follow-up on the $26 million of ACV upside in the quarter. Was that comment -- Maria or Nicole, was that -- that this was -- ACV that was coming up from renewal maybe in 2021 and was pooled into 2020?
Maria Shields: No. It was specifically just increments above what we had forecasted. There -- we -- in addition to very solid sales execution, we did see year-end budget flush, which we didn't see in Q4 of 2019, but we did see that this year, and I think some of it was just pent-up demand from perhaps Q2 and Q3 where people were on the sidelines. And when some of the enthusiasm around perhaps the second half of 2021 a return to some sense of normalcy and growth and the vaccines. I think that we just saw some enthusiasm in the customer base that we hadn't experienced in the earlier part of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Wong from Guggenheim Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Ken Wong: Great. Thanks for taking my question and also my best wishes to Maria. And hopefully, you won't be a stranger going forward. So this question for you Ajei. In terms of the shift to digital, and then I realize ANSYS Cloud is still small today. But just wondering how that might affect the adoption of ANSYS Cloud? And as we look ahead, would that be a positive from a monetization perspective relative to on-prem lease?
Ajei Gopal: Yeah. So, if your question -- the question was about ANSYS Cloud and I guess usage during the pandemic or during the last year, if you look at usage, the demand for ANSYS Cloud has continued to increase, and we've seen usage increasing by over a 100% between 2019 and 2020. And what's interesting, and I think I mentioned this in the last call as well, we've had customers who've used ANSYS Cloud and reached a much more efficient solution than they would have on premises. For example, Rockwell Automation, I think I mentioned, is using ANSYS Cloud to accelerate its product development process, and they show that they were able to reduce simulation runtimes by about 50%, which allowed obviously their engineers to solve problems more accurately. And the reason for that is because ANSYS Cloud is optimized for the ANSYS workload, and we've done some work to make sure that the Azure infrastructure in which is largely appropriate, and we can take advantage of the latest hardware and interconnect that Azure has available. So, absolutely. ANSYS Cloud is certainly something that customers are taking advantage of during this time. We've made the majority of our flagships available on ANSYS Cloud mechanical fluids, electromagnetics, et cetera. I just talked about the scale out that we have available there on the script, as well as things like new workload, like optics, SPEOS, VRX. So we're seeing the usage across all about physics, and we're obviously seeing greater usage. And that coupled with the flexibility that we have, which allows customers to bring their own license or bring their own hardware license or software license, so just moving as fast world that hybrid flexibility that we can afford, I think gives customers a lot of options. That being said, while we're excited about the cloud offering and we're very encouraged by the rapid progress, I think it's important to note that the majority of our customers today use ANSYS products on premises in their own data centers or in their own private clouds. And so ANSYS Cloud is obviously growing rapidly, but it's still a very small piece of our business today and for the foreseeable future.
Ken Wong: Got it. Got it. Thanks for the color that Ajei. And then, maybe also another one for you, Ajei. Just wondering if the chip shortage has had any impact on the RedHawk business or potentially change the buying behavior of any of your automotive or consumer electronics customers?
Ajei Gopal: No. I think you're talking about the semiconductor that the availability of manufacturing of semiconductor chips and the shortage of that, I think that has -- that's a sort of a different cycle in the design side. We continue to see demand, robust demand for our products, because there continues to be robust demand and growth in the -- in both semis and like electronics. So no negative impact at all, just the market tailwinds for usage of those technologies. And the fact is that as customers are going to a more and more advanced process knows the investments that we've made in RedHawk and in particular RedHawk-SC starting to pay off. And that obviously translates into more demand for our technology.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Valera from Needham and Company. Please go ahead with your question.
Richard Valera: Thank you. And let me add my congratulations to Maria on a great run and your new role and welcome to Nicole. And with that, I just wanted to ask about the Asia-Pac business where you've seen some pretty meaningful underperformance relative to the rest of the business and other you cited any restriction due to COVID, but can't help, but contrast that with a really strong demand that the pure play EDA companies are seeing in Asia kind of exceptional strengths, especially out of China. And I'm going to fill that at least kind of the chip centric side of your business would be seeing that. So just wondering if you can kind of push into that area and give us a little sense of what's going on under the covers?
Maria Shields: Yeah. So, Rich, what I'd say is some of Asia's performance is also influenced just like the other geographies relative to the timing of large deals. And so, if you take a look at 2019, there were some larger deals in Asia-Pacific that drove -- that drove some of the growth that we enjoyed in 2019. We have -- like many U.S.-based software companies, we have felt the impact of the sanctions on our business in China. And specifically China is one of those markets that still is a perpetual market for us, just because of the timing of when they get access to money. And then they tend to consume large quantities of licenses that will get them through to the next cycle. So, I think the combination of the underperformance in not only China due to sanctions, but we also saw underperformance in India during 2020, that also influenced what you saw in Asia-Pac's results. 
Ajei Gopal: And I just point out that China is less than 5% of our overall business. I think something like 4%. So, it's a relatively small piece of a business overall. 
Richard Valera: Got it. And then just as a follow-up. I know you've talked about the -- you've had some headwinds from COVID, particularly on the smaller customer side. Have you at all tried to quantify that what the headwind was in 2020?
Maria Shields: Now, Rich, we can't do anything with precision around that. We just know that in seeing the performance of the channel versus the direct, the enterprise and strategic customers were much more willing to continue to invest through the cycle. And largely because they didn't have some of the liquidity issues that the SMB market that we saw.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Walsh from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
John Walsh: Hi. Good morning
Ajei Gopal: Morning.
Maria Shields: Hello.
John Walsh: Hi. Thank you to Maria for all the help with the ramp and welcome to Nicole, as well. Maybe two questions here, if I may. One on the operating margin guidance expectations for next year. I think in the prepared script you called out some headwinds from the dilution for the acquisitions. I think that explains a good portion of maybe the delta versus consensus, but also wanted to understand maybe what you guys are doing in terms of SG&A, R&D, I think he added 300 people to your sales and marketing this year. Should we think that that kind of picks up as you take advantage of this TAM in front of you?
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. Thanks, John. So, yes. So the AGI, as we've discussed in the remarks, contributed to about a point impact and it really accounts for a meaningful portion of the year here, expense growth. In the second half of last year, we onboarded about 300 people outside of acquisitions, and we ended up at about 4,800 people. In 2021, we continue to make targeted investments headcount, so we are going to continue to invest to grow. We are confident in the long-term outlook of the business. And -- but they're going to be more targeted and primarily in areas of R&D and to some degrees, the sales and operational roles, that support our digital transformation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good morning. Ajei, I'll direct my two questions to you. But first for Maria and on a personal note, it's been a fascinating quarter century. So thank you for that. Welcome Nicole. So, for Ajei, in the last call, we touched on the subject of your availability of and development of, what we call domain specific applications or industry solutions, perhaps the work you're doing with BMW in a simulation tool chain for automotive, as an example of that, plus AGI now, of course. The question is how are you anticipating the rollout of or adoption of what you suggested would be more and more industry solutions. So how was that factoring into your thinking on this ultimate the next couple of years? And then relatedly, over the last two or more years, the company has been depicting its technology roadmap, your eight long-term technology dimensions, each of which is interesting. But perhaps you could talk about the progress you've made on those or more specifically, which of those eight are perhaps priorities for 2021 and beyond in terms of internal investments, or how you think that might actually affect financial results? Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: So, Jay, thanks for the questions. There's a lot -- there's a lot that we could go through and maybe in the interest of time, I'll just focus on a couple of things. When you think about our journey as a company, we've gone from providing a point technologies back when we started like structures, over the years we've brought together a comprehensive set of physics through a combination of acquisitions, as well as organic development. And now we have a full-fledged set of physics that are integrated together. And it's this integration capability across all of these physics that's profoundly important. And we've continued to add to that with materials technologies, for example, with optimization capabilities, et cetera. And that has led to the building up of our platform capability, which -- it was profoundly important to be able to address and provide that agility to support different industry. And because we have all of these multi-physics capabilities integrated together and exposed in a platform, that makes it easier for our customers, as well as our own ace engineers to build industry specific or customer specific solutions that take advantage of the core capabilities that we provide, as well as integrate with core components that might be available from outside of our own ecosystem. So that's been the direction that we're pursuing. Our technology is available both on-premises and in the cloud. And I think we have a very robust and a very strong technical underpinnings to be able to support not only the more traditional use case where you're dealing with the use of simulation as a tool, but also the use of simulation within as part of an integrated platform to deliver value added applications to customers. And you're seeing this in some of the announcements that we've made you. You referenced one of them with respect to BMW. We made some announcements in the healthcare space and others where we're working with partners who are able to provide application specific intelligence that wraps on top of our simulation solutions because of the way that we were architecting our platforms and our capability. Now with respect to the long-term roadmap, I would refer you one of those key elements is the platform. And obviously, we just talked about platform a second ago. Another area that perhaps might be interesting is, AIML, where we've talked about the use of machine learning. We see that -- we continue to make investments in AIML capability, because we really see AIML as a orthogonal, but supportive technology to simulation. Simulation makes AIML better. The insights from AIML better and AIML can support insights from simulation. And you see this -- you see these technologies and techniques already being incorporated into our products. You see this, for example, in a semiconductor portfolio, and you continue to see this integrated into other aspects of our products, whether it comes to usability, whether it comes to helping customers or helping engineers navigate the solution space and so forth. And we can obviously go into more details, but in the interest of time, let's just leave it at that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gal Munda from Berenberg. Please go ahead with your question.
Gal Munda: Hey, good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Firstly, I'd just like to touch a little bit on this trend that you continue to see in the larger deals. And maybe Ajei, can you talk a little bit about the predictability of those deals and what you've learned over the last few years, especially in terms of the sales cycles or the pipeline? It seems like the ability to be able to close those deals during the pandemic definitely shows that there's an increased activity. So, maybe just a little bit of color around how do say cyclists maybe have evolved over the last few years.
Ajei Gopal: So, Gal, thanks. Thanks for the question. So your question is really how we integrating with some of these larger customer then how we working with them. So, if you recall, when we went through the go-to-market transformation that we spoke off a couple of years ago, and we really started to accelerate them in the last couple of years. It was around putting together a traditional customer pyramid, where we had enterprise customers at the top of the pyramid. And enterprise customers were deemed to be such not only because they had significant spending powers and had large and complex problems to solve, and therefore were spending a lot of money on R&D, but also because we had enterprise customers who were being supported by specialized teams. And so we would have -- we were able to allocate to these enterprise customers dedicated account management, both on the technical side, as well as the sales side to help navigate through the account. That process has been underway for a few years. When you -- and so that gives us -- within some of these large customers that given us a great relationship and a very good understanding of what's going on, and we've been able to help educate the customers about the capabilities that ANSYS can provide. That coupled with -- the other comment I made about digital transformation, clearly this is an important area for customers. And in the digital transmission of that product lifecycle continues to be important.  The pandemic, as I mentioned earlier, accelerated that and made it clear and manifest the customers that they needed to enable their engineers to be able to work from anywhere. And that's obviously possible through a digital thread and simulation in some senses is a purist digital representation of a product. And so that was -- that's the second sort of broad thread about the recognition that people can be effective. Engineers can be effective to taking advantage of the technology from wherever. I did the third, and perhaps the most important is that look, at the end of the day simulation provides tremendous value to customers. They are -- we've talked about this for a long time. We've said, look, we can help, help you accelerate product to market. That's one area, that drives top line revenue growth. And we've also said, we can help you save money. We can help you save money because you can -- you don't have to build physical prototypes. You can do the proverbial more with less. And that also resonates with customers, especially in tough economic times. So, when you put all of this stuff together, it's no wonder that we're seeing some large deals from customers. This is not accidental. This has been planned. This has been multi-years in planning to make sure that we build these relationships to help them with their digital transformation and to continue to drive investments in the portfolio and to continue to show the value of that simulation that it provide.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Vruwink from Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Joseph Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. Maria, a big congratulations to you and my welcome to Nicole. Ajei, I wanted to go back to -- just the comment and discussion on TAM growing faster. This trend towards system level engineering, it's happening across many of your end markets. It's a notable one. You just discussed how it compliments the ANSYS platform strategy. I would have expected that some of these developments would have been on the long-term planning roadmap.  So, I guess, the question is how, or why are these developing differently such that now it seems to be actually exceeding your expectations?
Ajei Gopal: Well, firstly, with respect to our analysis of the TAM, if you go back to our Investor Day from a couple of years ago, 2019, we did have a pretty comprehensive analysis of the TAM and where it is today and where it's going. And we talked about a number of areas. We talked about the core business. We talked about, which was -- which is the historical use of simulation and the design and validation phase of the product lifecycle. We talked about high growth solutions like, electric vehicles or electrification, autonomy, IoT, 5G. And then we talked about simulation being used in non-traditional use cases and things like predictive maintenance through digital twin and so forth. And what we did when we presented that, as we pointed out that they were -- that there was more predictability on the basis, use cases off of simulation as it's historically been. But in some of these longer term opportunity in particular simulation being used, for example, in predictive maintenance and digital twin, we pointed out that there was a significant amount of variables depending on the rate of adoption of digital technologies. And we talked about how that was being affected by assumptions you make about the pace and rate of deployment off capabilities that may have historically not used simulation. So that's the way we were a couple of years ago.  The observations that we've seen in the pandemic, as I said in my scripts have been very specifically on certain areas. The digital transformation comment is real. Customers are recognizing they need to spend more -- they pay more attention to the digital transformation. We've talked a lot about this on the call already. And so that we believe represents an aggregate tailwind and acceleration of activities that may have taken place already. But those -- that's an acceleration. And when you start to think about some of these other areas like electronics, consumer electronics, telecommunications, again, the pandemic caused people to think more about what does it mean for the communications infrastructure? How do I interact with my office working remotely, et cetera? And you started to see that level of interest in the end markets, which has obviously translated into increased demand in the electronics and high-tech vertical for us, which translates across to a number of products. And as I said in certain areas like green, it's not clear that it's directly related to the pandemic, but we continue to see increased focus on this. Perhaps, it's because of a broader recognition of the importance of ESG initiatives. Maybe it's because of the pandemic, but we're continuing to see more activities there. And again, this entire area of getting to eco-friendly set of product accelerates activities that might otherwise have taken longer come in a little bit earlier. So, I think that the core recognition and the elements of the market, the main what we had talked about, the question is timing. And as I said also in the call, it's hard for us to quantify what the effects of these tailwinds are going to be. So, I want to be very clear that we see this anecdotally, but it's hard. We're not quantifying the effects of these tailwinds at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tyler Radke from Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Tyler Radke: Hey, good morning, everyone. And thanks for taking my question and best wishes to Maria and Nicole. I think in the past, ANSYS has talked about how R&D budgets are one of the first budgets to be restored out of the downturns. And ANSYS, as a company, typically sees kind of the inflection faster than maybe some of your peers in the industrial space. And I guess, with the throng Q4, you put up, 20% constant currency, organic ACV growth, large deals, budget flush, it would appear that certainly, you're seeing some strength here and some might see -- might argue, you're seeing some of these budgets come back online. But when I look at your guidance, it implies that ACV growth doesn't really get much better on an organic basis next year. So, I guess, what's driving that? Are there certain end markets or geos that you're seeing caution, or is it just conservatism? I know there's a CFO, with -- the CFO transition, just trying to understand, what would drive such a relatively cautious outlook given the strong results you put up here in the quarter. Thank you.
Nicole Anasenes: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Tyler. Thanks for your question. So, let me characterize kind of some of the assumptions that we put into guidance. And I'd say -- the first thing I'd point out is what Maria spoke about, which is the significant overachievement of ACV, and therefore revenue and the rest of the P&L in the quarter. And so that overachievement on the ACV side alone is about a two point headwind to growth year-over-year. And so what we're seeing really -- what we found in the fourth quarter leaves us a lot of optimism that things -- once that we get through the capitulation of the pandemic, that things -- that there's a strong demand for simulation that customers are accelerating their digital transformation. And then we are well-positioned based on the investments we've made in the portfolio over the past couple of years, because we've been investing through the pandemic to come out of it with a position of strength, that we're going to benefit from it. I think what we're expecting to see and what's baked into the guidance is that generally speaking, the first half is going to continue to have its ups and downs really because of COVID uncertainty. And by the second half of the year, we expect to see more momentum and economic activity is being start to open up and governments continue to do the right thing to support economic development. And so, we have visibility into the first quarter into the full year pipeline and the guidance really reflects the strength of the pipeline. And like other years, we're expecting to see it more backend loaded from an ACV and a revenue perspective, driven by the timing of large multiyear deals and customer planning activities. So, from our perspective, sitting here in February, it's just a little difficult to predict such a significant level of overachievement that we saw in the fourth quarter, sitting where we are around right now, but the situation is fluid and we'll continue engaging with you throughout the years updated as we know more.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Swanson from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Matthew Swanson: Yeah. Thanks. This is Matt Swanson for Matt Hedberg. Maria, I'll just add on my congratulations. Nicole welcome. Look forward to working with you. A question for both of you. I mean, just given the strength of your here during this challenging pandemic, does it open up or change your philosophy at all around M&A, just thinking there might be some value and some opportunities for some companies that maybe weren't able to pair as well throughout this year? And maybe from a technology talking standpoint, maybe some time sensitivity around companies that might not be able to make it through this pandemic?
Maria Shields: Yeah. So, Matt, what I'd say is, look, we always have an active pipeline of M&A. We've got a team that's dedicated and we're always looking for things that compliment the portfolio and that aligned with our strategy of pervasive simulation, and equally as important that align with our culture. We've been extremely successful in integrating these acquisitions over the past 20-plus years, because we look for companies that are like us that are dedicated to customer excellence, that are dedicated to advancing the technology and solving the world's most complicated problems. And so, we will absolutely continue to actively search for opportunities to add to the portfolio and to continue to maintain our leadership in this exciting space.
Matthew Swanson: And then, Ajei, if I can just add a quick one for you. Could you just talk a little bit more about Moxie, which was announced last week? And then kind of more broadly, just -- I feel like in this environment and especially those high ROI solutions might be really compelling to your customers. Could you just talk a little bit about how that's playing into the demand process right now?
Ajei Gopal: So, Moxie -- again, I don't want to get too detailed here. But Moxie is a new capability that's being offered by AGI and essentially engineers -- it enables engineers to execute behavioral system L models in a virtual simulation environment, such as AGI's STK toolkit. And it's really to be able to analyze and validate the models to make sure that they can meet mission requirements. So, we're very excited about the technology. I think, it adds to our portfolio and our capabilities. And we can certainly talk more about the technical details perhaps at a later point.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that we've reached the end of the allotted time for today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference call back over to Ajei for any closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, operator. Q4 was an excellent quarter and a great ending to a strong 2020, all thanks to our one ANSYS team around the world. We continue to demonstrate the strength of our business, as well as our deep customer relationships. Several of those customers will discuss. They use as a simulation during our upcoming Simulation World, which was on April 20th to 21st of this year. This virtual event, the largest of its kind, to tens of thousands of customers, prospects students, press, and, of course, investors last year. This year Simulation World will feature customers such as Johnson & Johnson, HPE, Ferrari, Travel with Me [ph] and Northrop Grumman. You can register by attending simulationworld.com. Thank you for attending today's call and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that we will conclude today's conference call. We thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS’ Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, Senior Executive Officer; Maria Shields, SVP and Chief Financial Officer; and Annette Arribas, Senior Director, Global Investor Relations. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Arribas for some opening remarks. Please proceed.
Annette Arribas: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release, the related prepared remarks document and the link to our third quarter Form 10-Q have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website. They contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our third quarter financial results and business update as well as our Q4 and updated fiscal year 2020 outlook and the key underlying quantitative and qualitative assumptions. I would like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. We note that the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our performance could cause actual results to differ materially from our projections. Additionally, the company’s reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information. During the call and in the prepared remarks, we’ll be referring to non-GAAP financial measures, unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures is included in this morning’s earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Q3 was another strong quarter for ANSYS meeting or beating our financial guidance on all key metrics. Our performance demonstrates that our core value proposition of helping organizations increase that top line, while driving bottom line savings continues to resonate with the market. I’m excited that the demand for ANSYS’ multi-physics solutions is strong and growing. And it’s furthering a strategy of making simulation pervasive across the product lifecycle. Based on our year-to-date performance and the strength of our pipeline for the fourth quarter, we are increasing both the high-end and the midpoint of our 2020 guidance for ACV revenue and EPS. Maria will have the details in a few minutes. Our prepared remarks document has details about the quarter, but let me provide some regional perspective. We anticipate that the Americas will be our strongest region for the full year. From a quarterly perspective, Asia-Pacific was strong in Q3 with Japan leading the way, reflecting our ongoing progress towards multi-physics multi-year lease deals. We expect EMEA to show a good growth in Q4 driven by the timing of larger deals. During Q3, our enterprise and strategic account program continue to show strength with approximately 50% of our Q3 ACV coming from our top 100 customers. I’m excited that we closed a five-year $72 million lease with a North American enterprise customer, our largest agreement in the quarter and the second largest in the history of the company. This deal results in ACV and revenue in Q3 and primarily in Q4 and comes after the almost $100 million sale that we announced last quarter. We still continued headwinds this quarter with small and medium businesses across geographies, consistent with what we have previously communicated. From an industry point of view, the high-tech, automotive and ground transportation, and aerospace and defense sectors continue to be our strongest performance for the full year. On our past calls, I have given some additional color around particular aspects of our business. Today, I will discuss our successes in the aerospace and defense vertical. A&D is ANSYS’ second largest sector at about 18% of our trailing 12 months ACV. Although, the pandemic has impacted commercial air travel, we continue to see spending in the sector thanks to important strategic initiatives. These include eco-friendly fuel-efficient engines, Space 2.0 initiatives such as rocket design and satellite deployments and national defense. I would like to highlight two important Q3 deals in which companies will use ANSYS simulation to develop eco-friendly or aircraft engines. These companies are relying on ANSYS to improve engine efficiency, reduce engine weight, and avoid fuel inefficient over design. The first agreement was with Honeywell, which is using ANSYS simulation to automate its engineering workflows to maximize operational efficiency and drive process improvements. As a result, Honeywell will benefit from product wide traceability and reusability, while significantly cutting development cycle times. The second was with a major aircraft engine manufacturer that is investing $34 million over the next five years to standardize on ANSYS to achieve its vision of developing next generation engines at lower costs. Space 2.0 companies are democratizing space by launching satellites and astronauts into orbit. And they are embracing the use of simulation to develop better products and to make smarter decisions faster. Firefly Aerospace, one of the more than 1,000 companies that have benefited from the ANSYS startup program recently announced that it has realized about $15 million in savings from using our simulation for critical tasks leading to a design that can withstand the extreme conditions of liftoff flight and space travel. We are seeing ongoing investments in multi-physics simulation by government agencies and defense contractors, which are trying to solve next generation problems in the interest of national security. These organizations are turning to ANSYS, because of our simulation leadership and advanced multi-physics capabilities. In Q3, we saw investment from a large North American defense contractor for the design of an advanced aircraft optical sensor. To help calibrate sensor algorithms to reduce noise and blurriness due to high speed air flow, our team developed and deployed a fully coupled arrow optical solution. This competitive win was possible not only because of ANSYS’ multi-physics leadership, but also because of the unparalleled accuracy of our products. ANSYS simulations eliminated eight weeks of testing for the company lowering test costs by 60% and increasing engineering productivity by up to 15% using the new workflow. We signed another multimillion dollar Q3 deal this time with a government agency to use ANSYS to design chips that are more secure. This organization is relying on an important multi-physics breakthrough by ANSYS R&D, in which simulation can be used to help chip design as prevent hard to detect side channel attacks, specifically the new ANSYS offering, which is deployed and runs on the customers secure private cloud, enables chip and system designers to simulate and measure their vulnerability to security attacks while the chip is being designed. As an aside, this organization was amongst the first customers to serve the needs of its users and prime contractors using an ANSYS private cloud that is ANSYS products deployed and running on a shared secured infrastructure. Let me move from customers to acquisitions. Last week, we announced our intent to acquire AGI a pioneer and leader in the analysis and simulation of missions, such as satellite launches, national defense and search and rescue operations. ANSYS has not traditionally participated in this area, which is growing due to the increasing number of missions. Historically, customer needs were partially addressed by commercial software with multiple applications all by in-house codes. AGI has a purpose built solution for mission analysis and simulation, and has become a leading firm in this area. By combining forces with AGI, we will be able to address a broader opportunity called digital mission engineering, which combines mission simulation and analysis from AGI and components and system level simulation from ANSYS. Our combined portfolio will enable customers to simulate up and down the stack, starting at the chip level and going all the way up to the customer’s entire mission, thereby increasing the likelihood of success and saving customers’ time, money, and other crucial resources. You may remember that we formed a partnership with AGI last year. And one of the results of that alliance with the connection between its products and Ansys HFSS our flagship electromagnetic solver. Several large customers are using both companies’ products together. One large prime contractor, for example, uses AGI software to track the radar visibility and signal availability between various mission assets and then employs Ansys HFSS to analyze the quality of that visibility and connectivity. Here’s another example to make it more concrete. The use of simulation to plan the successful deployment of a new telecommunication satellite. First, AGI’s mission and orbital simulation capabilities can help ensure that the launch and the orbit of the new satellites avoids the collision with other objects in space. Furthermore, the combination of AGI’s capabilities and Ansys HFSS can simulate the relative position and communications capabilities of the satellites to other orbiting telecommunication satellites and to terrestrial base stations to help ensure that the satellite will perform as expected when deployed. We will be in a position to share more with you about our plans with AGI after the transaction closes. Before I turn the call over to Maria, I’d like to discuss two important topics. The ANSYS Cloud offering, and our commitment to ESG. ANSYS Cloud, which enables our customers to access high-performance computing in the public cloud. It’s critically important with so many customers continuing to work remotely during the pandemic. ANSYS Cloud is built on a close collaboration with Microsoft and its Azure platform. Today, ANSYS Cloud customers can use the majority of our mechanical, fluids and electromagnetics products on the latest and highest performance compute and networking infrastructure available in the market. Furthermore, ANSYS Cloud supports flexible consumption models, lowering the barrier to entry for customers. These include an elastic pay-as-you-go model that gives users SaaS access to ANSYS products and high performance computing infrastructure and Azure for greatest convenience.  A bring your own license model that allows customers to use their existing ANSYS lease licenses, thus preserving their existing investments, and a hybrid model that enables customers to mix and match elastic and lease licenses for greatest flexibility. The demand for ANSYS Cloud continues to increase with usage doubling in the last six months. For example, joint ANSYS Microsoft customer, Rockwell Automation is using ANSYS Cloud to accelerate its product development processes. The company has reduced simulation runtimes by 50%, enabling users to solve larger problems more accurately. Whilst, we are excited about our public cloud offering and encouraged by a rapid progress. It is important to note that the majority of our customers view ANSYS products on premises in their own data centers or in private cloud, such as the Government Agency, I mentioned earlier. As such, we expect our ANSYS Cloud offering will remain a relatively small piece of our business for the foreseeable future. Finally, we are continuing to advance our environmental, social and governance programs. In Q3, we submitted our 2020 climate change report to CDP, which helps us identify our internal environmental risks and opportunities. This information is available on our Investor Relations website. We are also analyzing the benefits in environmental sustainability that our solutions enable for our customers and plan to make that information publicly available when ready. To summarize, Q3 was another strong quarter. Thanks to great execution from our global team of dedicated employees and channel partners. Our compelling value proposition of helping customers to decrease costs, while spurring topline growth continues to gain traction in the market. Those factors combined with our close customer relationships, the power of ANSYS products and the strength our pipeline gives us continued confidence as we work to deliver against our objectives to the remainder of 2020. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financials for Q3, as well as the details around our outlook and the assumption for the remainder of the year. Maria?
Maria Shields: Thank you, Ajei. Hello everyone. We’re very pleased to report another quarter of strong financial performance, driven by the team’s ongoing focus on execution. I’ll walk through an overview of the Q3 financial highlights and then add some additional qualitative and quantitative color around our outlook and key assumptions for the final quarter of 2020. Before I begin, I’d like to take a moment to again, say, thank you to the ANSYS team. As part of our efforts to keep employees safe and healthy, most of our colleagues continue to work from home throughout the third quarter. And as we previously communicated, this will continue to be the case throughout the remainder of 2020. Our Q3 results reflect the stability of the ANSYS business model. Even in the backdrop of a prolonged global pandemic. We finished the quarter with total revenue of $369 million or constant currency revenue growth of 5% and operating margin and EPS results that were both about the high end of our Q3 guidance. Consistent with the first half of the year, our revenue in Q3 was driven by solid sales execution. Other key financial metrics for the third quarter continue to be strong, with ACV of $305 million, of which 78% is coming from recurring sources. This is a new record for Q3, with respect to both total ACV and the percent that is attributable to recurring sources. Q3’s results reflect the continued trends into strong lease sales that we’ve been experiencing throughout 2020, with a 10% increase in lease license revenue. This combined with high renewal rates on maintenance contracts contributed to building our deferred revenue and backlog to a Q3 record total of $880 million, a 35% increase over last year’s comparable balance. The solid topline results combined with our focus on fiscal discipline help to drive a third quarter gross margin of 89% and an operating margin of 39.8%, which finished above the high end of our Q3 guidance. In line with the plan that we communicated last quarter, we continue to manage our business and reduce level of discretionary spending, particularly in the category of business travel and entertainment. While we also continue to manage the business at a reduced pace of hiring, we did increase our employee base by 143 employees in the third quarter. The net result was third quarter EPS of a $1.36, which finished above high end of our guidance and which benefited from the combination of the solid revenue results and ongoing fiscal discipline. With respect to taxes, our effective tax rate in Q3 was 19.5%, which is the rate that we expect for remainder of 2020. We further strengthened our cash and balance sheet position in the third quarter with cash flow from operations that total of $94.5 million and we closed the quarter with a total of $845 million in cash and short-term investments. We remain confident that we have ample liquidity to continue to progress against our long-term strategy, while at the same time remaining cognizant of the uncertainties that exist in the current business climate. Now, let me move on to the topic of guidance. Coming off another strong finish in Q3, combined with our current outlook regarding the strengths of the pipeline of opportunities for the balance of 2020, we are increasing both the high-end and the mid-point of our ACV revenue and earnings outlook for the full year. Let me just add that we have excluded the impact of the AGI acquisition from our updated guidance, because the closing date is not certain. To the extent of the deal closes in the fourth quarter, as we expect the impact on our non-GAAP financial results will be immaterial. Now, let me move on to the specifics of our outlook. For Q4, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $542 million to $582 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.36 to $2.67. For the full year, we are increasing our outlook to non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1.610 billion to $1.650 billion or constant currency growth in a range of 5% to 7% and EPS in the range of $6.09 to $6.40. We are also increasing our full year 2020 ACV outlook to a range of $1.555 billion to $1.590 billion or constant currency ACV growth of 6% to 8%. With respect to the remainder of the year, we expect a similar business environment in Q4 to what we experienced in Q3. That being said, we have a pipeline of enterprise customers with scheduled renewals for multi-year leases and with whom we are in active negotiation as part of their process of planning their R&D spend commitments for the remainder of the year and beyond. In line with what we’ve experienced since the health crisis first began in late Q1, we expect that the effects of the pandemic will continue to adversely impact our levels of new business, particularly in the SMB space and disproportionately affecting perpetual licenses. Our outlook for the remainder of the year, factors in everything that we are currently aware of with respect to ongoing trade discussions and customer sentiment across our geographically and industry-diverse customer base. It also reflects an increase in sale and third-party commission, as we head into the largest ACV quarterly of the year. With respect to annual operating cash flow, we are maintaining our outlook for 2020 in the range of $435 million to $475 million. This is reflective of our current view on full year ACV revenue, profitability estimates and tax payments. We have also factored into our outlook, the adverse impacts of customer payments that will be delayed into 2021, because of extended payment terms negotiated on new contracts and delayed payments on existing contracts. We’re maintaining our estimate of these payments related negative impacts by 2020 operating cash flow to be in the range of $15 million to $25 million. Our outlook on operating cash flow also takes into account, a recent unfavorable tax assessment, which we are estimating will have a negative impact of $10 million in 2020, the majority of which is expected to be recaptured in 2021’s cash flow. Looking ahead to Q4, we’re expecting operating margin in the range of 47.5% to 49.5%. And for the full year in line with our previous outlook, we’re expecting to finish the year with industry leading operating margins in the range of 41% to 42%. Further details around specific currency rates and other key quantitative and qualitative assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q4 and 2020 are contained in the prepared remarks document. Consistent with our standard practice, we will provide detailed 2021 guidance, once we finalize our 2021 annual planning process and close out 2020. We are very fortunate to finish Q3 with strong financial and operational results. These results are a testament to both resiliency of the ANSYS business model and to the tenacity and dedication of our employees, customers and partners. In closing, we are also very excited about the pending acquisition of Analytical Graphics. As you saw in the recent press release announcing the deal, we will pay $700 million for AGI with its shareholders receiving 67% of the purchase price in cash and 33% in ANSYS common stock. We expect to finalize closing later in Q4. With respect to 2021, we expect the deal to contribute an additional $75 million to $85 million of non-GAAP revenue. And then it will be modestly accretive to non-GAAP EPS. This acquisition is yet another milestone in our continued deployment of capital to grow and expand our business and our leadership in this exciting and growing market. Operator, we’re now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: We’ll now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tyler Radke of Citi. Tyler, please proceed.
Tyler Radke: All right. Thank you very much, and good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask you just a little bit more about the – your confidence level heading into Q4. It seems like from kind of the qualitative commentary are expecting somewhat of a continuation of the deal environment you saw in Q3. And if my math is right, it suggests that you’re expecting to grow ACV stronger than I think mid-teens, which is stronger than you’ve grown ACV and in a number of years. So maybe just talk about what’s behind the confidence in such a strong Q4 forecast or the deals that got pushed out at Q3 that you expected to close in Q4. Just give us a sense of what you’re seeing in the pipeline. Thank you.
Maria Shields: Yes. So, Tyler, thank you for the questions. With respect to – I’ll just comment on Q3. Q3 played out largely in line with what we had expected, no real surprises there. Q4, as we’ve been saying, quite frankly, all year long, the year was going to be very back-end loaded. And that is just a result of all of the multi-year leases that are scheduled for renewal in Q4. And we have a high level of confidence based on not only what we’ve been able to execute upon in the first nine months in a year, but more importantly, these are relationships with long standing customers of which we’ve grown our footprint and the importance and criticality of simulation to their R&D and product life cycle. So we’re highly confident and we know we’ve got a great team and we’ve demonstrated in the first nine months that we’re able to engage with customers and to close large deals. And so that’s what gives us the confidence that we’ve got a strong pipeline. We’ve got good visibility into the quarter and compared to where we were in August, we’ve obviously been in active conversations with a number of these customers. And so all of that is what gives us the confidence in the increased outlook that we put up this morning.
Tyler Radke: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Wong of Guggenheim Securities. Ken, please proceed.
Ken Wong: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe – Ajei or Maria, maybe to put a final point on what’s higher of asking. Just wondering, did you guys see anything in the underlying KPIs that gave you this higher confidence in terms of whether its pipeline conversion, sales cycles shortening and uptick in new business? This – from our end, with the macro still a little soft, we’d just love to get a sense for kind of what you guys see internally that gives you this elevated confidence.
Maria Shields: Yes. What I would say is, Ken, no different than what we’ve seen all year. As I said, if you’ve listened to the script, while we’ve seen an impact in SMB and some of the new business, when it comes to these renewal, now that we’ve shifted away from a perpetual model to a lease model, the reality is the customers need to make sure that we close those deals in Q4, so that they can continue to have access to the technology, that’s critical to their R&D process. So it’s the visibility, it’s the ongoing relationship and it’s the critical nature of what we provide to our customers that continue to give us confidence that we’ve got a strong pipeline and that Q4 is going to be – but, frankly, the largest quarter in the company’s history.
Ajei Gopal: And from an operational execution perspective, just to add on to what Maria said, if you look at Q2, for example, we closed the largest deal in the history of the company, while everyone was working from home. At a time, when I think people had a much more bearish view of the situation with the coronavirus, as perhaps we’re seeing in the market right now. And if you look at Q3, we just – as you heard in the comments, we announced a closing of a very large deal, the second largest in the history of the company, and once again, but people working from home. So that gives you some perspective for our ability to execute in this environment. And I’d give you some perspective about the nature of the relationships that we have with a customer. And as Maria was saying, when we have these large deals, it is not just an opportunity for us to renew the existing business. It’s an opportunity for us to sell more new ACV and new capabilities, and we’re able to do that. And we’ve demonstrated that through the year and we are – and that’s the reason for our confidence in the fourth quarter.
Ken Wong: Great. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jackson Ader of JPMorgan. Jackson, please proceed.
Jackson Ader: Great. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. Just following up, Ajei, on the large deals, so you just mentioned, I think both of them in the second and third quarter was five-year deal. Is maybe the lengthening of contracts becoming something that you’re seeing a key theme as you’re getting these deals across the finish line? The backlog and combined backlog and long-term backlog and said revenue is that far more than revenue growth in the quarter? So just curious, if you’re seeing lengthening contract terms from all areas of your business.
Maria Shields: Yes. So Jackson, what I’d say is, those five-year deals are still an anomaly. And what I say is, if you look at the particular customers that have decided to extend the five-year deals, some of them are already two or three cycles into these leases, these multi-year leases. And so they’ve got a lot more confidence. And they also tend to be in verticals, where the product lifestyle – life cycles are much longer. And they’ve been using simulation for much longer than some of the customers. So the combination of all those factors is what’s really driving them to have the confidence to extend the term, so that they can plan accordingly and we can work with them on successful deployment of particularly new technologies that they’re trying to roll out across their R&D teams.
Jackson Ader: Okay. That’s helpful. Just a quick follow-up, given the election session, everybody’s mind and maybe some talk about some infrastructure spending, how exposed do you guys feel that the ANSYS portfolio is to increase infrastructure spending here in the U.S.
Ajei Gopal: Well, look, I mean, I think the – what we’ve given you in terms of guidance is essentially based on the view that we have into our pipeline and the forecast that we’ve gotten from our team. So that’s very concrete, it’s not speculative based on potential directions that investment may or may not go. So we’ll be giving us a very specific concrete way of thinking about our business. Obviously, if there continues to be more investment in areas where people are using more technology, more equipment that obviously translates into the tailwind for ANSYS, that’s obviously the case. But we haven’t factored in any hypothetical incremental investment in infrastructure for our Q4 analysis.
Jackson Ader: Okay. Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Celino of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Jason, please proceed.
Jason Celino: Hi, thanks for taking my question. The acquisition of AGI space seems to be a new frontier for you guys. But maybe can you talk about, maybe the split of recurring revenue for that business and have they any perpetual revenue or services and maybe how fast that company was growing before the upcoming acquisition. I know there’s a lot of synergy, but maybe some background a little bit.
Maria Shields: Yes. So Jason, I’ll say is, it was a private company that perhaps U.S. GAAP was not exactly how they kept track of their books and records as we do as a public company. And we didn’t spend a lot of time going back and trying to recreate what their GAAP results would look like. They were growing, they were profitable and absolutely, we are very excited about the opportunity to extend our presence in aerospace and defense. Particularly, as you think about, over the course of the next decade, we are lot of that spend is going to be coming from. I mean, the amount of investment that the private sector is putting into space is incredible and satellites and all of these mission critical systems, where the synergy between the technology that AGI has and our technology as demonstrated from the early successes we saw in our partnership. We’re very excited about the long-term opportunity to marry that business with the ANSYS business and to expand our presence in that important and growing vertical.
Jason Celino: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Gal Munda of Berenberg Capital Markets. Gal, please proceed.
Gal Munda: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I thought one, it was just kind of a follow-up on the deals that you’re reviewing over the next quarter and the next few years. Can you just talk to us a little bit about the potential, when you negotiate these deals, how did they work hard in terms of the land and in terms of the uplift that you’re seeing, maybe you can talk us for kind of a typical deal, if that – if such things exist? And are they linear in terms of spend? Or are you seeing kind of a ramp progression as clients expect to use more of your portfolio over time when the kind of larger contract is signed? Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: Yes, I don’t think there’s a one-size-fits-all that you can really apply to these deals, especially when you’re dealing with larger customers, using multiple product lines. A lot of the opportunity within the account depends on the nature of the programs that customers have. In some cases, they have activities or programs where they’re using simulation, and you can really see the growth of the use of simulation, and that’s kind of factored into the way the deal is structured. And in some cases, in a multi-year deal. And in some cases, you’ll see the desire not just to increase the number of users, but maybe to bring on a new technology and start to work and add a new technology capability to that. So it really – there’s no one-size-fits-all. But what we try to do when we sit down with our customers and work through the details of a multi-year deal is to really understand the demand dynamics within the customer. We usually have a pretty good sense of where the usage is. What they’d like to try to accomplish, map that against our capabilities, and then that’s how we find the basis of a conversation in the agreement.
Gal Munda: Got you. So just to kind of follow-up on that. Do you think that when you sign $70 million or $100 million deal, is that – is it a linear kind of expense? Or does it have the ACV itself doesn’t just average out over the years because of the fact that they might be ramping up more over the years when you expect more users to come onboard, is that a fair assumption?
Ajei Gopal: I think, as I said, there’s nothing that we can give you that that’s standard for every single deal. It will vary on a deal-by-deal basis. And so the objective – our objective is to make sure that we can satisfy our customers’ needs by getting them as much technology as they can take advantage of. And in many cases, you’ll see customer usage varying on programs, and in some cases, wrapping up. And so that’s really reflected in this. I cannot tell you on a one-size-fits-all because it’s very bespoke on a case-by-case basis.
Gal Munda: Thank you, Ajei. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Jay, please proceed.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good morning. Ajei, starting with you a technology question, stemming from your conference back in June Simulation World and then more recently, the Semiconductor Conference. And then tying that into the AGI acquisition, so there were a number of reference is your events that got my attention, having to do with what we described as ANSYS domain-specific applications and industry solutions. And so the question is, should we expect more and more over time, more explicit dedicated domain- applications or industry solutions as commented on at your conferences? And then tying that into AGI, you use the interesting phrase that it’s purpose built. And I’m wondering if there might be some more earthbound applications rather than just space, for example, wouldn’t autonomous vehicles have the same use cases, let’s say, satellites in terms of interactions and controlling missions and the like. And then just from where we – going back to your hiring comments, what catalysts or conditions would you need to see to widen that aperture back open some more? I mean, right now, you’re running in terms of your openings, around 3% of headcount, you’ve typically been 5% or more of your headcount in open rec, so what do you need to see before you open that up some more?
Ajei Gopal: Okay. So let me start, Jay, with the first part of your question, let me start with that one. Look, you’re absolutely right to observe that. We have been able to bring integrated multi-physics capabilities to market to address the needs of our customers. We’ve talked about 5G, we’ve talked about electrification. These are all capabilities that require multiple physics working together, a true multi-physics capability with a workflow and integrated data flow and automation that goes with that. Rotating machinery, for example, there are many examples that we can point to. The infrastructure that we’ve built within our portfolio not only the world class solvers and physics capabilities that we have with the infrastructure that we’ve built with Minerva, with our platform capabilities around [indiscernible] and so forth, have all given us the ability to much more effectively and rapidly integrate these solutions or these technologies together to address the needs of customers. And so you’re starting to see some of these domain-specific solutions being made available because it’s so much easier to be able to integrate our technologies together to create this multi-physics capability. So absolutely, you should see more of that. The side effect of that is it becomes easier to integrate active acquired technologies into our portfolio as well. The second part of your question was, you made the observation that mission simulation and connecting that with component level and system-level simulation, you made the observation that there may be other use cases other than space and satellite. And the answer, of course, is there’s certainly other use cases that one could imagine, telecommunications, for example, 5G infrastructure, you mentioned autonomous vehicles, these are all potential future opportunities that we would have to export to evaluate whether those would be opportunities for us to engage with.
Maria Shields: And Jay, with respect to the hiring comments, what I’d say is as you know, we’ve reduced our planned spend early in the year when the pandemic began to impact the business. And with the recent extended lockdowns in EMEA, in certain parts of the United States, we just think there’s still enough volatility and uncertainty that it makes more sense for us to continue to be prudent in our hiring and in other things that are not critical to the long-term success of the business. And additionally, as we think about Q4, our plans are to go ahead and close AGI, which will add a couple of hundred new employees into the ANSYS family. So I would think much more certainty around the pace of recovery in the overall global economy would make us much more comfortable to perhaps return to a more rapid pace of investments, as you saw perhaps in 2018 or 2019. But right now, I think it’s a little bit too early for us to pull the trigger on more increased investments, particularly in the hiring front, given that, that’s 70% of our spend.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Borg of Stifel. Adam, please proceed.
Adam Borg: Hey guys, and thanks for taking the question. Just on the ANSYS Cloud, it seems like your recent partnership announcement with Microsoft was a nice expansion. I guess I’m thinking in terms of the new physics as well as the go-to-market offerings or the joint go-to-market efforts. I’m just curious, are there any technical limitations to bringing the rest of your simulation portfolio over to ANSYS Cloud? I know, Ajei, you mentioned you’ve continued to expand. Are there any limitation, bringing the rest of it over? And I guess as a follow-up, are our customers asking about ANSYS Cloud-like offering that may run on top of AWS or GCP, just given their unique needs? Thanks so much.
Ajei Gopal: Firstly, we have customers who are using ANSYS technology on multiple hyperscaler infrastructures. And that’s the reality of the situation today. The ANSYS Cloud offering per se, the one that we take to market is running on top of Azure. And there really isn’t any fundamental restriction on the capabilities that we could make available on ANSYS Cloud. We have our flagships on ANSYS Cloud, and we will continue to add capabilities to that – to the cloud offering as it makes sense. So it’s – you should look to us to continue to make investments in ANSYS Cloud, you should look to more capabilities in there. But we have to be cognizant of the fact that, as I’ve explained in my comments, we have to be cognizant of the fact that our customers, for the most part, are still running on-premises in their own data centers or in private clouds. And our objective is to make sure that our technology is there. It’s available and ready to go. And as and when the customers are ready, we’re able to support them with ANSYS Cloud.
Adam Borg: That’s great. And maybe just a quick follow-up for Maria. Just a bit of housekeeping. Could you just comment – and I’m sorry if I missed it, but could you comment on the inorganic contribution from both revenue and ACV, not just for this quarter but expectations for 4Q? Thanks so much.
Maria Shields: Yes. So for Q3 in the first nine months, it’s about 6%, and for the full year, Adam, it’s about 5%.
Adam Borg: Excellent, thank you. Thanks, again.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is going to come from Saket Kalia of Barclays. Saket, please proceed.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Hey, thanks for taking my questions here guys. Most of mine have been answered, but maybe for you, Maria, just off to the last question. Good to see that increase in ACV versus the prior guide you provided last quarter. Can you just remind us how much of that increase is coming from changes in FX recently? And maybe just also remind us what the new ACV guide reflects in terms of organic constant currency growth?
Maria Shields: Yes. So Saket, what I would say is currency did not play a factor in our increasing our outlook for the key metrics that we were able to increase. The rate are basically within the ranges that we used when we guided in August. It’s really the increased visibility and strength of the pipeline that were the underlying factor in our deciding to go ahead and increase our outlook now that we are actually in Q4 and have much greater insight into the likelihood and probability of those deals closing. And for the full year, inorganic contribution was 5%.
Saket Kalia: Got it, very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Maria Shields: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I’d now like to turn the conference back over for any closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, operator. As I think about the remainder of the year, I’m excited by our continued execution, our diverse customer base and our strong pipeline. Our customers continue to rely on simulation and our ability to close large deals remotely only adds to that excitement and confidence. In closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners for their continued support. And a special thank you to my ANSYS colleagues around the world, your work continues to inspire. You have my gratitude for delivering another strong quarter. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. Please enjoy the rest of the day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to ANSYS' Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, Chief Executive Officer; Maria Shields, SVP and Chief Financial Officer; and Annette Arribas, Senior Director, Global Investor Relations. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Arribas for some opening remarks. Please go ahead.
Annette Arribas: Good morning everyone. Our earnings release, the related prepared remarks document, and the link to our second quarter Form 10-Q have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website. They contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our second quarter financial results and business update, as well as our Q3 and updated fiscal year 2020 outlook, and the key underlying qualitative and quantitative assumptions. I would like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC all of which are also available via our website. We note in particular that uncertainty regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our performance could cause actual results to differ materially from our projections. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. During this call and in the prepared remarks, we'll be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures is included in this morning's earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajei Gopal for his opening remarks. Ajei? 
Ajei Gopal: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Thanks to strong execution, ANSYS delivered Q2 revenue operating margin and earnings that exceeded the high end of our guidance. Our Q2 results illustrate the close relationships we have built with our customers, which were important as the overwhelming majority of our business in Q2 was transacted remotely. That included two notable sales. First, we closed the largest total contract in our 50-year history at almost $100 million with an existing customer in the automotive and ground transportation space. This customer is standardizing on ANSYS solutions for multi-physics, additive manufacturing, electrification, and digital twin to develop great products faster and more affordably. Our second notable deal was our largest new business professional agreement which was driven by our flagship HFSS for electromagnetics and LS-DYNA for explicit analysis. This $12 million agreement with a major high-tech company had been forecasted for the second half of the year. But based on the customer's evolving needs and strong sales execution we were able to sign the contract in Q2. That contract was the primary contributor to our Q2 revenue coming in over the high end of our guidance. Turning to our performance by industries, Q2 played -- largely played out as we had expected. We saw little to no reduction in demand in the high-tech and semiconductor vertical which included the $12 million new business deal that I have already mentioned. Similarly, the defense segment remains relatively stable due to its focus on technology to support national security. For example, in Q2, we closed a seven-figure multiyear deal with a European defense contractor. Even while many manufacturing plants were idle due to COVID, the automotive industry is continuing its investment in R&D. In particular, OEMs and their supply chains continue to rely on simulations for emerging solutions and electrification and autonomy. Our optical solutions were adopted by a North American autonomous electric vehicle developer and by an Asian automotive OEM to advance their ADAS programs. Also in Asia Tier 1 automotive supplier DENSO signed a three-year multimillion-dollar deal to adopt ANSYS solutions for automotive parts development for electrification and autonomy. Our Q2 performance by geography was as we expected with North America leading the way. North America has our largest installed base of enterprise customers with a number of them due to renew their leases in 2020. We are seeing a high renewal rate for those leases and are expanding on them by attaching new product sales. However, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks document we saw a slowdown in the SMB space across all our major geographies as we had predicted in our last earnings call. Despite the uncertain economic times, companies are continuing their investments in R&D. As we have previously discussed R&D is typically the initiative least impacted by budget cuts and the first restored, primarily because it drives future growth and market success. Customers view simulations and the key component of R&D a force multiplier that helps them drive both top-line revenue growth and achieve significant cost savings. Furthermore, the pandemic has limited access to labs for some customers making simulations even more important than ever. Some other customers have struggled with remote access to corporate data centers and are taking advantage of ANSYS Cloud to give their engineers access to high-performance compute capacity. For example our customer Coca-Cola is reporting that ANSYS Cloud is dramatically reducing the time required for simulations making its engineers working from home even more productive than when they were in the office. Our inaugural Simulation World virtual conference clearly illustrated the importance of simulations to customers and prospects across industries. More than 55,000 registrants from around the world signed up to learn how companies such as Ferrari, HPE, Honeywell, Siemens, Ford, Seagate and Bosch are using ANSYS simulation to develop their next-generation products. They also heard from our partners including Microsoft, PTC, Autodesk and Rockwell Automation. Simulation World demonstrated the power of digital transformation and the key role that simulation plays in making our customers' digital transformation is successful. Our customers continued reliance on simulation. Along with our proven ability to close even the largest deals remotely gives us confidence as we forecast the second half of the year. We have increased our guidance to reflect currency changes, improved cash flow and our EPS overachievement in Q2. Maria will give you the details in a few minutes. Moving to our product successes. We recently released ANSYS 2020 R2. This innovative release helps distributed engineering teams accelerate innovation by harnessing new streamlined workflows and dynamic capabilities across our multiphysics product suites. Some of the many highlights of R2 include: a streamlined fluids workflow to simulate capacity fade and cell life in Fluent; integration of solver capabilities from LS-DYNA into our mechanical interface; the ability to solve over 100 million unknowns in a single simulation, while delivering a nearly 10x increased solution size in our electromagnetics flagship product HFSS; a new electrothermal option in our semiconductor solution RedHawk-SC, which uses our big data platform to solve coupling of various structures on over one billion instances concurrently; and platform upgrades that empower engineers to rapidly process and finalize their designs through cloud-based high-performance computing. As part of our ANSYS 2020 R2 launch, we also unveiled our next-generation upfront simulation solution ANSYS Discovery. With built-in seamless connection to ANSYS flagship products, Discovery now empowers all engineers to explore large -- larger design spaces and quickly answer critical design questions early, resulting in improved ensuring productivity and product quality. Our partner PTC has embedded Discovery into CAD solution Creo Simulation Live. On its recent earnings call, PTC announced the closing of its first 7-figure Creo Simulation Live deal with a large U.S. government agency as well as the closing of 10 follow-on expansion deals. As the product continues to build momentum PTC is planning new marketing programs to support sales. We have partnered with Microsoft, Dell, GE and Lendlease to form the Digital Twin Consortium. Physics-based digital twin technology enables companies to head off problems before they occur, prevent unplanned downtime, improve the customer experience and drive innovation and performance. This consortium will build an ecosystem of digital twin users, drive best practices and define requirements for new digital twin standards across industries. Due to our deep commitment to encouraging innovation at all levels Fast Company has once again named ANSYS as one of the best workplaces for innovators. Working with Accenture, Fast Company recognized ANSYS for giving employees the freedom to explore the ideas that benefit our customers and the communities we serve. Turning to our recent moves and M&A. We started Q2 with our acquisition of Lumerical which enables ANSYS customers to predict the behaviour of light within complex photonic devices structures and systems. By integrating Lumerical's photonics products with our semiconductor and optical suites, designers can accurately predict the impact of both nanoscale and macroscale optics for automotive displays, autonomous vehicles, augmented reality and even the development of cosmetics. Our acquisition of LSTC continues to play a key role in expanding our solution footprint with customers around the world. In Europe our channel partner DYNAmore inked an important deal with BMW to adopt ANSYS LS-DYNA for virtual crash testing replacing an incumbent competitor. And in Asia a major global automotive OEM continued its investment in LS-DYNA as the product of choice for crash safety analysis. This is exciting news coming just months after we closed the acquisition of LSTC. Finally I'm proud that ANSYS has been named one of the Bay Area's Best Places to Work by the San Francisco Business Times and the Silicon Valley Business Journal. This recognition is a testament to our diverse and inclusive culture which incorporates valuable perspectives and background to solve complex challenges for our customers. To summarize, Q2 was a strong quarter highlighted by great execution across the board thanks to our global team of dedicated employees and channel partners. Despite the economic uncertainties our customers know that ANSYS' simulation technologies help them solve their most vexing product challenges, whether they're working in a corporate research lab or using the cloud from their home offices. They know that ANSYS simulation delivers both top line revenue growth and significant cost savings. And they know that ANSYS simulation will position them for future growth and market success. Our ability to close business and to support our customers even if they work remotely gives us confidence to deliver against our objectives for the second half of the year. And with that I'd like to turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financials for Q2 as well as the details around our outlook and the assumptions for the remainder of 2020. Maria? 
Maria Shields: Thank you, Ajei. Hello everyone. Ajei shared a few highlights from our Q2 results. And now let me take a few minutes to add some additional perspective on our strong second quarter financial performance and provide both qualitative and quantitative color around our outlook and key assumptions for Q3 and the remainder of 2020. I also encourage you to please review all of the Q2 earnings documents that we have posted to our Investor Relations website. Before I begin, I would like to take a moment to again say thank you to the ANSYS team. In our efforts to remain focused on employee safety, most of our colleagues continue to work from home throughout the second quarter and we believe that this will likely continue to be the case throughout most of what remains of 2020. We have leveraged our previous investments in collaboration and infrastructure to remain connected and we continue to seamlessly support our customers and each other. Our HR team has also promoted initiatives around health and wellness so that we can support our employees' well-being through these historic times. Now let me move on to our financial performance. Our Q2 results reflect the resiliency from the ANSYS business model combined with our continued focus on executing against our plans. We finished the quarter with total revenue of $389.7 million or constant currency revenue growth of 6% and operating margin and EPS results that were both well above the high end of our Q2 guidance. Our revenue in Q2 was driven by strong sales execution. As Ajei mentioned earlier the closing of the largest new business professional license deal in the company's history was the primary contributor to our revenue being above the high end of our guidance range. I would also just like to highlight that these results are quite impressive when considering the very strong comparable of last year's second quarter in which we reported constant currency revenue growth of 23%. The combination of our strong second quarter and first half results and the strength of our sales pipeline give us confidence that we are on the right path as we continue to make meaningful progress towards achieving our longer-term strategic objectives and delivering on our 2020 financial commitment. Key financial metrics for the quarter continue with Q2, ACV of $344 million or constant currency growth of 6% with 83% of ACV coming from recurring sources. Strong lease sales which drove a 14% increase in lease license revenue combined with a continued high renewal rate on maintenance contracts contributed to building our deferred revenue and backlog to a Q2 total of $846.5 million, an 18% increase over last year's comparable balance and a new record Q2 high. This provides us good visibility into the second half of 2020. The strong top line results combined with our continued focus on fiscal discipline helped to drive a second quarter gross margin of 90% and an operating margin of 43% which finished well above the high end of our Q2 guidance. In line with the plans that we had communicated last quarter, we continued to manage our business at reduced levels of discretionary spending. The most notable being in the category of business travel and entertainment as safety concerns continued to limit our ability to travel throughout the second quarter. These positive variances were partially offset by higher bad debt expense. While we have been managing the business throughout most of the first half of 2020 at a reduced pace of hiring, we did increase our employee base by approximately 170 employees in Q2 which included the addition of 58 employees through the acquisition of Lumerical that we closed on April 1. The net result was second quarter EPS of $1.55 which also finished above the high end of our guidance and which benefited from the overperformance in revenue. With respect to taxes our effective tax rate in Q2 was 19.5%, which is also the rate that we expect for the remainder of 2020. We further strengthened our cash and balance sheet position in the second quarter with cash flow from operations that totaled $132 million for the quarter. Cash flow from operations was $279 million for the first half. We closed Q2 with a total of $745 million in cash and short-term investments. And through the combination of our current cash position, the additional $500 million that we have available under our undrawn revolver and our projections for 2020 operating cash flow, we remain confident that we have ample liquidity to continue to progress against our long-term strategy, while at the same time remaining cognizant of the uncertainties that exist in the current operating environment. As we had previously communicated, against the backdrop of ongoing volatility and uncertainty in the global marketplace, we elected to cease our share repurchase activity during the quarter, which lays up with 2.8 million shares available for repurchase under the current authorized program. We will continue to assess both our own financial performance as well as market conditions in determining when might be the most opportune time to consider reinstating future share repurchases. While no shares were repurchased during the quarter, substantially all of our cash flow from operations in the first half was deployed on the combination of share repurchases, capital expenditures and the acquisition of Lumerical. Now let me turn to the topic of guidance. Before I get into the specific numbers, let me just provide a few qualitative comments with respect to the ongoing impact of COVID-19 and how we are thinking about our business for the second half. During our last call, Ajei discussed how our team had created multiple scenarios to build out what we believe was the most appropriate framework based upon everything that we knew at the time. As we progressed through the second and into the current quarter, we have continued to execute against that framework and to evolve our plans factoring in both new data as it becomes available and the continuing uncertainty that exists in the global market. Consistent with our practice from last quarter, we will continue to provide outlook for Q3 and the remainder of 2020, but with ranges that are wider than those historically provided to account for the increased uncertainty. To summarize, coming off our very strong finish in Q2, we are initiating guidance for the third quarter and increasing our revenue earnings ACV and operating cash flow outlook for the full year. The increases to revenue and ACV are to reflect a weaker dollar currency environment. Now let me move on to the details of our outlook. For Q3, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $347 million to $377 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.10 to $1.34. For the full year, we are increasing our outlook to factor in both our strong second quarter financial results as well as changes in key currency rates that may have taken place since we last provided our outlook in early May. Starting with non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1.57 billion to $1.645 billion, or constant currency growth in the range of 2% to 7% and EPS in the range of $5.75 to $6.35. We are also increasing our full year 2020 ACV outlook to a range of $1.52 billion to $1.585 billion. This represents constant currency ACV growth of 4% to 8%. With respect to the remainder of the year, in Q3, we expect the business environment that is similar to or marginally better than Q2 as many customers have not resumed full operations and employees continue to work from how. We also continue to expect that the effects of the pandemic will continue to adversely impact our levels of new business, particularly in the SMB space and disproportionately affecting perpetual licenses. Our current outlook continues to anticipate a stronger recovery in the fourth quarter buoyed by the pipeline for multi-year leases that are currently forecasted to close in Q4. Our outlook for the remainder of 2020 factors in everything that we are currently aware of, with respect to ongoing trade discussions and customer sentiment across our geographically and industry-diverse customer base. It also reflects spending in the second half related to several business infrastructure and digital transformation projects as well as increased sales and third party commissions. With respect to annual operating cash flow, we are increasing our outlook for 2020 to a range of $435 million to $475 million. This is reflective of our current view on full year ACV, revenue, profitability estimates and tax payments. As we have previously communicated, we have also factored into our outlook, the adverse impact of customer payments that may be delayed into 2021 as a result of extended payment term negotiations on new contracts and delayed payments on existing contracts. Currently we are increasing our estimates of the impact of 2020 operating cash flow to be in the range of $15 million to $25 million. Looking ahead to Q3, we are expecting operating margins in the range of 34.5% to 38.5% and for the full year in line with our previous communications, we're expecting to finish the year with strong operating margins in the range of 40% to 42%. These targets are reflective of our adjusted spending plans for the second half of 2020. These plans continue to include a slower pace of hiring, reduced discretionary spending and decreased spending on noncritical facilities and infrastructure projects. In line with our previous commentary, it is our intention to continue to fund our internal digital transformation projects as these are critical elements in building the foundation to efficiently operate and scale our business over the long-term. Further details around specific currency rates and other key quantitative and qualitative assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q3 and 2020 are contained in the prepared remarks document. We are striving to be as transparent as we can and have tried to factor in the added uncertainty around the timing of closing larger enterprise deals. We also trust that you will appreciate that there is no certainty in our assumptions and that conditions will continue to evolve and change in either direction depending on how long the pandemic continues to negatively impact global economies, customer sentiments and purchasing decisions as it has since this global crisis first began to unfold late in the first quarter. We will continue to remain focused on the things that we can control, aiming to strike a balance between short and long-term strategic initiatives that we believe are critical to strengthening our leadership position and to capturing the long-term market opportunity that we see ahead of us. In closing, we are very fortunate to start the year with strong first half financial and operational results. We were able to deliver well ahead in our Q2 financial commitment, including the closing of the two milestone deals that Ajei spoke to earlier. These strong results are a testament to both the resiliency of the ANSYS business model and to the collective efforts and dedication of our employees, customers and partners. The combination of our long-standing customer relationships, best-in-class products, diverse customer base, high level of recurring ACV, stable renewal rates and the strength of our balance sheet and operating cash flow, all contributed to the stability of our business in these challenging times. We saw that strength and stability reflected in our results for the second quarter and first half and these foundational pillars are what give us confidence in our outlook for the remainder of the year and our longer term vision of making simulation pervasive. Operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hello, everyone. Hope you're all doing well. I wanted to dig in to the ACV forecast for the remainder of the year, because the 3Q and 4Q does imply an acceleration in growth. And I'm just wondering, it sounds like renewals and continuing the success of the renewal rates you've seen already that plays a big factor at the same time in thinking about the ability to sign milestone deals in the type of environment we've been in. That sounds maybe better than I would have thought three months ago. So I was wondering if you could maybe just provide a little more colour on the scenario analysis. And if you do end up at/or above the high end of expectations what are maybe some of the reasons for that as we think about the year playing out?
Maria Shields: Yes. So Joe let me start off by saying, if you look at the guide for the remainder of the year and second half and in line with some of the comments that Ajei and I made around how Q2 had played out, if you look at the overperformance in Q2 right, influenced by two milestone deals and in particular the one paid-up deal that contributed about $10 million to paid up that was originally scheduled for Q3 that came into Q2. So our outlook on the full year hasn't really changed. But given the dynamics and the fact that the pace of acceleration in Q3 is not happening at the rate that we had projected when we spoke to you back in early May, we just thought it was more prudent based on everything that we're seeing and the fact that customers are having extended work from home and the coronavirus situation continues to have a lot of volatility around it, it was just more prudent to go ahead and increase the ACV to take into account what's happened relative to currency, but not change our outlook on the full year. We've got a good strong pipe. We got good visibility into it. The fact that we can close those milestone deals in Q2 during the height of the pandemic continues to give us confidence that even though we've got this extended work-from-home situation that our team is effective in engaging with customers and being able to close these deals. So at this point, I don't think we're ready to start talking about upside. I think we're just ready to talk about the confidence that we have in the outlook that we've put out there today.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Andrew DeGasperi with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew DeGasperi: Good morning. I just wanted to ask a question on the hiring and the pace of it. I know you've added 170 employees in June. I was just wondering in terms of how is that going relative to your pre-pandemic plans? And how is that potentially impacting your midterm growth plans?
Maria Shields: So Andrew, relative to the 170, let me just highlight that was the higher end during all of Q2 not just in June. And that did include 58 of the employees that we brought on board in April through the Lumerical acquisition. We are on pace against our reduced hiring plan that we spoke about in May. And we're continuing to operate the business against that reduced plan just in light of the fact that the COVID situation is going on much longer than we had anticipated when we had these conversations back in May. But we are continuing to hire and we are continuing to invest because we believe that when this turns, we are going to be in an even stronger situation given the importance of simulation and the role that it plays in mission-critical R&D within our customers. So we don't want to stop investing albeit, we are investing at a slower pace and very much in line with the scenarios that we had created back in May when we have realigned all of our business plans for the remainder of the year.
Ajei Gopal: And just to add a little bit more colour on the recruiting, we are hiring people of course across the company. You saw as Maria said with Lumerical, we got a number of R&D, very skilled executive -- employees who joined the company. And we've also been recruiting in our ACE organization and our shared services team. So, we're really recruiting across all of the different functions in the areas -- the strategic areas that we have talked about in the past. And so we're continuing to execute against the longer-term plans that we've put in place and that we've discussed with you earlier.
Operator: Next question comes from Jackson Ader with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jackson Ader: First one is on the -- how we square the idea of the largest deal in the company's history coming from automotive and ground transportation, where that also seems to be what you guys have mentioned to be the weakest segment in terms of people asking for payment extensions. And so yes, just any colour you can give on how we rationalize the strength in this one giant deal with maybe the weakness around them?
Ajei Gopal: Well, I think its -- Jackson, it goes to the point that I've been making all along. As you consider our relationship with our customers, we have built over the decades very deep relationships with our customers and they rely on us for the areas that are most important to them specifically in the areas of R&D and the creation of new products. And even as we're seeing in certain parts of the economy and certainly automotive is a great example where there is some short -- where there is a demand challenge that you're seeing in -- and you're seeing slowdowns and you're seeing shutdowns in plants. What's really important to recognize and certainly automotive companies recognize as well is that, as we come out of the pandemic investment in R&D is what allows them to maintain their edge as they come out of this. And so, that's it. It's a commitment to R&D. It's a commitment to the long-term success of their business. And it's a recognition that simulation what we provide is absolutely essential. It's a force multiplier, as I said in my comments. It's a force multiplier to their R&D initiatives. So this is one thing. The other thing is, I think that, when you consider people working from home or rethinking the digital nature of their product processes and exactly what it means now to be able to take all of your employees and have them be effective from home, it becomes even more important to consider that digital transformation. And in our opinion, there isn't a pure representation of the digital behaviour of the product and simulation. That is the essence of the digital behaviour of a product. And again, our customers recognize this. And as you start to see this transition and the understanding that digital transformation or the understanding of how to take advantage of digital technologies is going to be essential for product development in the future, I think that plays into our sweet spot. So it's customer relationships, it's the importance of simulation. It's the nature of the businesses that our customers that are running. All of those are important.
Operator: And our next question will be from Tyler Radke with Citi. Please, go ahead.
Tyler Radke: Hey. Thank you and good morning, everyone. I wanted to talk a little bit about the SMB segment. I think you referenced some headwinds there, as it relates to payment terms and potentially churn. But could you just remind us how big the SMB segment is? And what kind of your expectations are there, in terms of timing of when you start to see improvements? Thank you.
Maria Shields: Yes. So, with respect to SMB, it's about a-third of our business, Tyler. And a lot of that business is covered by our channel partners. And if you look at the reduction in our plans since COVID began, about 75% of the reduction comes from the SMB space. And you're also seeing that in the decline in the perpetual business, which is largely attributable to that space as well. We are not factoring in into our outlook, for the remainder of the year, any significant recovery in that space. We think it's going to take longer, just given that they are not as well capitalized and don't have the same liquidity that our enterprise customers do. And so, what we're doing, we are trying to help our customers and our channel partners through these very challenging times, because as we discovered in 2008 and 2009, when you go through difficult times, you're able to create very strong relationships that then you can build off for the next decade. And so we want to continue that practice, because it's important that we maintain those relationships. And so, we're doing everything that we can relative to helping from a cash flow perspective, extending payment terms. And as you saw we went ahead and increased our outlook relative to the amount of 2020 cash flow that will be impacted where we will see payments shift into 2021 as we help our customers and our channel partners through these challenging times. 
Operator: And the next question will come from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please, go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good morning. With respect to the largest deal in the company's history and -- which by the way, based on the number you've shared, is one of the largest deals in all of technical software to date. Perhaps we could talk a little bit about the ingredients of that? In other words, could you speak about the deployment or deployment ramp that you anticipate? You've been hiring quite a bit in the area of technical support and consulting for the last number of years. Do you have the requisite capacity for the kind of ramp that's large deal and visions? And given its scope, would it be fair to assume that there had to have been some SPDM components to the transaction? And then, for Maria, looking past the current perturbations on cash flow from COVID, longer term, is there anything that you could foresee doing that is structurally or in terms of mix, to further improve the visibility of operating cash flow? Or is it just going to be indefinitely subject to the quarterly vagaries of 606?
Ajei Gopal: So, let me take the first question and then Maria will take the second question. So with respect to your comment about the capacity, as I said before, this was a customer who's a long-time customer of ours and we have a long-standing relationship with this customer, both at the executive level as well as the technical level. And so, we're very comfortable, both in our ability to be able to provide the products and to support our customer through this next generation of their usage of our technology. So this is -- we don't anticipate any challenges or any concerns in our ability to support our customers. As I said, the areas that they're standardizing on obviously, it's a multiphysics deal. I've mentioned, the additive use of that in manufacturing. I mentioned electrification. I mentioned digital twins. I did not mention SPDM, but, yes, SPDM was also part of that particular relationship. So, as I said, long standing customer, we're very confident about our ability to support that customer. Maria?
Maria Shields: Yes. So, Jay, relative to your question around cash flow longer-term, what I'd say is if you think about longer-term, ACV margin less taxes is probably the metric that will be more correlated than the 606 P&L, because of the volatility that you mentioned. But larger deals come with more favourable payments. So sometimes in connection with those larger deals, we will grant extensions as part of the negotiation. So I can't say all of the volatility will be removed. But certainly if you take that ACV margin less taxes, I think that is -- it will give you a more stable prediction around operating cash flow going forward.
Operator: And the next question will come from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. It’s nice to hear from everybody. If we think about -- and this is more of a broad kind of question. If we think about the linearity of improvement through the quarter anything to call out specific to maybe like the last month?
Maria Shields: Yes. So what I'll say, if you take a look at Q2 and obviously, we did Q2's linearity, it was extremely similar to Q2 of 2019. So the third month still disproportionately is where the largest deals and the largest volume of business tend to close. And so we didn't see any changes relative to linearity nor do we expect any significant changes in linearity as we look out for the remainder of the year.
Jason Celino: Okay. Great. Thank you. I’ll get back in queue.
Operator: And the next question will be from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Matt Hedberg: Hi, guys. Great. Thanks for taking the question. I know ANSYS Cloud is still pretty small relative to your overall business, but it was really good to hear how Coke adopted it to support remote work. As you guys talk to customers, do you get a sense that ANSYS Cloud adoption could perhaps accelerate even faster than previously expected in a post-COVID world?
Ajei Gopal: So Matt, as we said this was an example where -- and what Coke referred to was the fact that their engineers were more productive than they might have been in their data centres and that's reflective of the fact that the Cloud provides them with access to the latest hardware. They're not necessarily -- in general, it provides engineers with access to the latest hardware. They're not tied to whatever investments may have been made in the data centres of -- at the time that the data centres were set up or at the time that they were updated. So there's some real advantages to being able to take advantage -- to use the Cloud. And certainly as people and engineers are trying to get access to cloud technology from -- or access to simulation activity from wherever they may be working from home from remote locations, certainly we see the cloud as being important. You have to recognize of course that, our customers have made in many cases significant investments in data centres and they continue to take advantage of those data centres. And many of our customers have built in place a working model where you have engineers in remote locations accessing their data centres remotely to be able to take advantage of our technologies. So it's a mix. I mean, they're taking advantage of cloud technology. Sometimes they're using on-premises, sometimes they'll use a hybrid. We certainly do expect to see an acceleration in the use of cloud technology, and certainly the acceleration of use of ANSYS Cloud as a result of this pandemic. There is no question that that will be the case. However, it is off a small base, as we've said to you before, and our -- and we have a very long tail in terms of the investment that our customers have made in HPC. So you should factor all of that when you consider the dynamic in the marketplace.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ken Wong with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Ken Wong: Great. Sorry, if this has already been asked. My line kept dropping earlier. But just wanted to check in on North America, I was a little surprised to see it growing 33% and outpacing the other region. Can you talk about kind of the shape of the recovery in your various regions, and kind of where you think we are in terms of how the U.S. is tracking versus some of your other regions?
Ajei Gopal: Well, Ken if I talk about larger deals as an example, you'll see that the U.S. has a number of large customers. And certainly, if you start to look to the second half of the year, we do have some renewals from these larger customers and that obviously also causes us to look to the U.S. in terms of driving activity. And part -- as we look to the second half of the year, we also do have some larger transactions that we're expecting from Europe as well. So we're expecting some larger activity in the second half of the year from the EMEA team as well. So North America, generally speaking much larger number of large deals spread more over the Europe. There are some large deals more towards the second half of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Adam Borg with Stifel.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks so much for taking the questions. I just got two quick ones. Just on Discovery Live, you've talked in the past about that being a medium-term opportunity. But the new upgrades in Discovery seemed really interesting. So I was just curious if this can help accelerate the time line for adoption around Discovery? And then two, just to clarify the ACV and revenue guide rates for the full year was that just due to FX tailwinds? Or was there something else? Thanks so much.
Ajei Gopal: So, let me address the question about Discovery. As I said in the script earlier, and if you -- if you listened to our launch last week you probably would have seen that, we -- when we launched Discovery the current version of Discovery, it is an improvement over the previous version in that we have seamless connections into our flagship solvers. So not only have we made a number of improvements to the Discovery Live engine as well we've built these seamless connections and the UI has been -- and the interface has been completely revamped as well. So it's a very interesting -- we think it's a very exciting product and it brings together the notion of interactive modelling, it brings together real time simulation and it brings together the accuracy of the ANSYS flagship solvers into one end-user experience that, we think is radically easy to use. So we're very excited about this technology. The reason obviously, we've made these enhancements is because we're getting feedback from customers and we're evolving the technology. So we see this as being -- as certainly helping our ability to continue to sell and be successful in the marketplace. I also mentioned, as we're talking about Discovery, I also mentioned our partner PTC and the success that they're seeing with their OEM of Discovery into Creo Simulation Live. So we're seeing continued trials and adoption of Discovery. We're excited about the product line. It is as I said, and as I've been very careful to caution all of you it is off a very small base. It's a new product in a conservative market. But we're very excited about the product and the capabilities and similarly excited about our relationship with PTC.
Maria Shields: Yes. And Adam with respect to the second part of your question on the ACV and revenue increase, yes, it's basically currency-related. At this stage, we didn't feel that the movement of one large deal from Q3 to Q2 would warrant us increasing the full year outlook just given the pipe and what we see right now we feel comfortable with the guide that we gave last evening.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. Listen, most of my questions have been answered. Maybe just one for you Maria. Just a quick follow-up on the last one with respect to ACV guide. I think, we said it's about 4% to 8% on constant currency growth with the revised guide. Can you just remind us how much of that is inorganic?
Maria Shields: Yes. So Q3 about 5% to 6% and for the full year 5%, Saket. 
Saket Kalia: Great. That's helpful. Thanks very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ajei Gopal for any closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you. With our strong execution, coupled with a diverse customer base Q2 has once again demonstrated the strength and the resilience of the ANSYS business. I would like to really thank the global ANSYS team, including our employees, our channel partners and our other strategic partners, for their continued dedication and their passion in helping our customers develop the best products in the market that are making simulation pervasive. And thank you everyone for joining the call. Be safe and enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: And thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ANSYS First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today with us, we have Ajei Gopal, Chief Executive Officer; Maria Shields, SVP and Chief Financial Officer; and Lee Detwiler, VP of Finance. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Detwiler for some opening remarks. Please go ahead.
Lee Detwiler: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release, the related prepared remarks document and the link to our first quarter Form 10-Q have all been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website. They contain the key financial information and supporting data relative to our first quarter financial results and business update as well as our Q2 and updated fiscal year 2020 outlook and the key underlying quantitative and qualitative assumptions. I would like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. We note in particular that uncertainty regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our performance could cause actual results to differ materially from our projections. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. During this call and in the prepared remarks, we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures is included in this morning's earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, Lee. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I hope that you are healthy and safe during these uncertain times. I would like to start by thanking the entire ANSYS team. Their professionalism, commitment during this crisis has been exemplary and it made a tremendous difference for our customers. Let me first talk about how ANSYS responded to COVID-19 and describe our Q1 performance and how we are operating our business in these unusual times. Then I will take a step back and discuss the ANSYS business as a whole, specifically why ANSYS is important to customers and why the business is resilient. Finally, I will provide some color on key elements of the business going forward, including a description of some of the headwinds that we are seeing before I turn the call over to Maria. Of course, ANSYS' first responsibility is to the health and safety of our employees and their families and to the ANSYS community around the world. In mid-February, we closed our offices in China and enabled our employees to work from home. As the crisis spread, we closed other locations around the world. Today, with the improving situation in China and Korea, our offices in those countries are open with our employees maintaining appropriate social distances and health and safety protocols. Our offices elsewhere remain closed or open only to essential staff with the vast majority of employees worldwide continuing to work from home. Our employees have quickly adapted to the challenge, and we are fully engaged in driving our business forward in the work-from-home model. In the last several years, we have invested in our infrastructure and business applications, including our networking and remote access capabilities as well as collaboration technology. These investments have turned out to be invaluable and are helping us run our business today. We are continuing to pay all our salaried and hourly workers, and we are not planning any job action. In fact, we are onboarding new employees remotely and provisioning them to work from home. We have a number of open job requisitions and are seeing a strong flow of candidates who are looking for the stability that a company like ANSYS can provide. We believe that our ongoing investments in our growing team put ANSYS in a strong position to capture additional opportunity once this crisis is abated. As you may recall from when we guided in February, we were expecting the first quarter and the first half of the year to be challenging because of tough year-over-year compare, the effect of China sanctions and a back-end loaded full year. Of course, worldwide economic conditions worsened through March. Nonetheless, I am very proud that the solid execution by the ANSYS team, our revenue, earnings and operating margin for Q1 came in just about at the midpoint of our guidance. In Q1, we saw strength in a number of industries, including automotive, high-tech and energy. In these verticals, our solutions that support the key initiatives of autonomy, electrification and 5G continue to resonate with our customers. For example, in Asia, we inked a new 3-year contract with an existing consumer electronics customer to expand its usage of our flagship multi-physics solutions as well as to expand into digital twins. In North America, we closed several large deals in the high-tech and semiconductor sectors, including at a global hardware provider that agreed to standardize on ANSYS, displacing several competitors. We also closed a 7-figure deal with NuScale Power to bring its small modular nuclear reactor designs to reality through the power of simulation. We were also able to forge new relationships with organizations that have not previously used ANSYS. For example, we signed a 7-figure contract with a new customer, Software Motor Company or SMC. By using ANSYS multiphysics solutions supported by ANSYS Cloud, SMC is developing an automated workflow to rapidly design and analyze motors to be used across industries. The enhanced workflow can compress the weeks of simulation and months of protype testing typically required for these virtually silent motors. In Q1, we delivered Ansys 2020 Release 1 and despite working from home, we will deliver our release to the customers in the summer as originally scheduled. These are major releases and include new capabilities across our multiphysics product portfolio. All products continue to receive recognition and accolades from our customers and partners. For example, industry leader, TSMC recently certified ANSYS RedHawk-SC next-generation system-on-chip power noise sign off-platform for TSMC's FinFET process nodes. This helps customers verify the power requirements and the reliability of chips we use in artificial intelligence, machine learning, 5G and high-performance computing applications. Similarly, Samsung Foundry has certified the ANSYS RaptorH electromagnetic simulation solution for design using its new 3-dimensional integrated circuit packaging technology. RaptorH marries the best-in-class engines from ANSYS RaptorX, which we gained in last year's Helic acquisition and ANSYS flagship HFSS into a single chip packet system design environment. By validating electromagnetic effects in Samsung's 3D assembly, RaptorH empowers designers to eliminate critical points of failure and accelerate the rate of new technology adoption. We are continuing to look at opportunities to expand our portfolio through M&A. We recently closed our acquisition of Lumerical, which will enable ANSYS customers to predict the behavior of light within complex photonic devices, structures and systems. This is critical as 5G applications and autonomous vehicles are producing massive amounts of data, forcing organizations to handle even more information faster than ever. Lumerical's products enable designers to develop new, high-throughput optical networks by modeling the most challenging problems in photonics, including interacting optical, electrical and thermal effects. We were able to virtually onboard the Lumerical team, and I'm excited to welcome them into our ONE Ansys family. I'd now like to discuss the ANSYS business and explain it to the zodiacs. The ANSYS value proposition is compelling; both in good times and in tough economic times because simulation helps our customers drive both top line revenue growth and achieve significant cost savings. Using ANSYS simulation, customers can rapidly innovate, easily validate design ideas and improve cycle time. This means that they can launch more of the right products, and do so at a faster pace, which translates to top line growth. In addition, simulation can help customers get more impact from tight R&D budgets by giving engineers the tools to evaluate multiple design options cost effectively and in parallel and by reducing or even eliminating the need for costly physical testing. That is particularly relevant during this global crisis when some customers cannot get access to their labs physically test products. The compelling value and the mission-critical nature of simulation is why customers continue to rely on ANSYS even during periods of uncertainty. It is important to note that the bulk of customers' investments in simulation comes from their research and development or R&D budgets. R&D is the lifeblood of our customers. It's the key differentiator. Our experience is that in tough economic times, R&D is typically the least impacted by budget cuts and the first restored, primarily because it drives future growth and market success. We believe that this is a commonly accepted perspective, and it is corroborated by studies in the Harvard Business Review and by the consulting firm, MacKenzie. This ongoing investment in R&D and in simulation in tough economic times is best illustrated in the automotive industry, where softening demand and worker safety concerns caused by the COVID-19 crisis have forced manufacturers to shut down factories and cut budgets. However, Volkswagen, General Motors, Honda and other automakers have publicly reported continued investments in R&D, especially in next-generation technologies, such as autonomy and electrification. If you recall from earlier discussions, these next-generation technologies are exactly where ANSYS has been making strategic investments through both organic development and acquisitions. At ANSYS, we continue to see investments in simulation by automotive OEMs and their suppliers across geographies. Let me give you two examples from Q2. In Asia, DENSO, the Tier 1 automotive supplier, recently signed a 3-year multimillion-dollar deal to adopt ANSYS solutions for automotive parts development for electrification and autonomy as well as for our platform technologies. In Europe, our channel partner, DYNAmore, recently inked an important deal with a major automotive OEM for the adoption of LS-DYNA for virtual crash testing, replacing a competitive product. This is exciting news, indeed, coming just a few months after we closed the acquisition of LSTC. As I also discussed at last year's Investor Day, ANSYS is a resilient model due in part to the number and diversity of customers we serve. We have thousands of customers across multiple industries, including high-tech, semiconductor, aerospace, defense, automotive, industrial and energy. And we are well balanced across the geographies with about 40% of our business coming from the Americas and the rest split roughly evenly between Europe and Asia. That diversity means that we can harness growth from a wide variety of sources. And it also means that we are resilient to the business or economic dynamics of any individual customer, industry or country. Furthermore, our sales channels are diversified with about 75% coming from our direct force, with the remainder coming from channel partners. We are very flexible in our licensing and consumption models, and customers can purchase a perpetual license, a lease license, or a pay-as-you-go elastic license and can consume our technology on-premises or in the cloud. We believe this diversity and flexibility allows us to reach and support a broad range of customers around the world. I'd now like to give some color on the challenges our users are facing and how we're accommodating them and provide additional comments on the demand environment, including a perspective by industry and by geography. It is important to note that our analysis of demand has already been factored into our Q2 and full year guidance. Let me also caution that with the unprecedented market volatility we are all experiencing, demand could change in either direction as the global situation continues to evolve. We expect the most significant business disruption to occur in the second quarter when our teams and those of our customers work remotely. We are currently assuming a modest recovery in the business environment during the third quarter as states and countries slowly reopen, and business and consumer sentiment begins to improve. We also assume business activity and customer sentiments will continue to improve through the fourth quarter. Comparing this period of disruption with the pre-COVID environment, we expect different kinds of customers will be impacted in different ways. First, it is likely to be more challenging to close deals with brand new customers, primarily because of the difficulty in building new relationships and driving demand with new prospects remotely. Fortunately, for ANSYS, over the course of our 50-year history, we have built a large and loyal customer base. And so while new customers are important, the majority of our business comes from existing customers. Second, we expect larger accounts to perform more strongly than small- and medium-sized businesses. This is to our advantage as the majority of our business comes from these larger accounts. Larger customers have stronger liquidity and capital position, and we believe that a majority of them will be able to maintain their R&D cycles. In contrast, smaller customers tend to be more sensitive to liquidity constraints and are more likely to delay purchases. So, however, that we believe government programs, especially in Europe, will mitigate some of this risk. Furthermore, during this period of disruption, we expect renewal rates to remain strong, although new business will come under incremental pressure. We also expect customers to prefer leases over perpetual because of the smaller initial financial commitment of the lease. And we will see additional scrutiny given to large multiyear contracts, which could result in delays in signing or perhaps smaller commitments than we had previously expected. This could introduce incremental timing uncertainty into our top line. Our prepared remarks contain a more comprehensive discussion of the attributes affecting our pipeline conversion and their related impact. With that backdrop, I'll shift to an industry view. We are seeing little to no reduction in demand in the high-tech and semiconductor vertical, which accounted for about 1/3 of our business in 2019. Many of these customers have deep pockets and are developing products against a multiyear road map, and they are not willing to let a few quarters of uncertainties slowing down. Other companies in large markets such as 5G are in a global race for leadership positions within their industry and are unwilling to delay their R&D efforts and thus see their future to a competitor. Let me now move to aerospace and defense. We anticipate investments will continue for defense and military aerospace, driven by long-term government programs, and we expect to see little to no reduction in demand for ANSYS technology in this vertical. Commercial aerospace and contracts will be impacted in the short term, driven by both pre-COVID challenges faced by some companies and by the dramatic reduction in passenger air travel as a result of this pandemic. However, in the medium to long term, I believe this will be somewhat mitigated by the continued need of long-term R&D initiatives that address environmental issues and government regulations. In the automotive industry, although there has been widespread idling of manufacturing plans, R&D are still receiving funding. And that is particularly true for emerging solutions like autonomy and electrification where ANSYS plays a key role. However, we are expecting to see headwinds on more traditional R&D activities in the sector. Given the need for competitive differentiation, we expect to see ongoing investments in new product introductions for industrial equipment. Although we anticipate a reduction in R&D spending on existing products in this vertical, the low price of oil is causing headwinds in the energy sector. Fortunately, this vertical accounts for a relatively small portion of our business. Let me turn now to a geographical view. Relative to our expected performance of the geographies at the time of our last earnings call, we believe North America will fare the best. North America has a largest installed base of big enterprise customers, and a number of these customers are due to renew their leases of ANSYS products in 2020. We expect a high renewal rate for those leases, and we also expect to attach new product sales to the renewals. Our North America customer base includes a good percentage of high-tech and semiconductor companies, and we expect their R&D and simulation initiatives to continue to receive funding. Asia Pacific entered the COVID-19 crisis a few weeks before the rest of the world. We did see an initial reduction in demand activity there, but we're now seeing a return of demand. For example, we saw China end Q1 stronger than we had expected, and it continues to have momentum in Q2. The high-tech and semiconductor industry remains strong throughout the region. However, we do see some headwinds in the more traditional automotive investments and the heavy industrials. We're expecting some disruptions in business in EMEA, in part because of headwinds related to industrial and traditional automotive activities and in part because we saw some customers struggle with the transition to a work-from-home model. Still, we see relief coming in the form of government programs designed to help companies; especially smaller ones deal with the near-term financial stress. With all these uncertainties, we are reducing our full year revenue and ACV guidance by mid-single digits, with the greatest impact coming in Q2. Maria will go through guidance in more detail. Before I finish, I would like to mention that we are preparing a simulation world, our exciting new online conference that brings together simulation thought leaders and users from around the world. Simulation World will feature a who's who event as customers, including Volkswagen Motorsport, Baker Hughes, Ericsson and Porsche Motorsport. Simulation World already has more than 10,000 registrants, demonstrating the value of simulation in the marketplace. I'm very excited that this forum gives us a new and unique opportunity to generate demand for our multiphysics portfolio. Despite the uncertainties in the market, we believe that our strategy of pervasive simulation and the value that we deliver to our customers is more important than ever. Our strategy accelerates customers' key research and development initiatives, which are not typically impacted by economic slowdowns, and we support critical emerging areas like electrification, autonomy, 5G and the industrial Internet of Things. And our value proposition is compelling to customers; both in good times and in tough economic times because we can help our customers drive both top line revenue growth and achieve significant cost savings. I am confident in our ability to continue to drive long-term growth. And with our continued investment in the business, I believe we are well positioned to emerge from this crisis stronger than ever. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financials for Q1 and provide more detail around our outlook and assumptions for the remainder of 2020. Maria?
Maria Shields: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin with a perspective on our first quarter financial performance. Then I'll also provide qualitative and quantitative color and context around our outlook assumptions for Q2 and the remainder of 2020. In connection with our updated outlook, I will encourage you to please review all of the earnings documents that we have posted to our Investor Relations website. Before I get started, I wanted to take a moment to say thank you to my ANSYS colleagues, who have all successfully navigated the work-from-home transition to enable us to continue to operate our business, support our customers and to be able to meet all of our financial reporting deadlines, including all of the efforts that have gone into supporting today's earnings call. Your teamwork, flexibility, dedication and innovation have been personally inspiring. And for that, I just want to say thank you. Although we faced a more challenging customer demand environment in the latter part of March as compared to our expectations at the time that we provided our February guidance, our financial results reflect solid execution, which yielded revenue, operating margin and EPS, all towards the midpoint of the guidance ranges that we previously provided for the quarter. Our start to the year is very encouraging when considering the tough Q1 2019 comparable, in which we reported double-digit revenue growth and the negative impact that COVID-19 inflicted on global economies in the first quarter. Our key financial metrics begin with Q1 ACV of $301 million, with 82% coming from recurring sources and total revenue of $309 million. I will add that the key currency exchange rates were within the ranges that we provided with our first quarter guidance. We closed the quarter with a total balance of deferred revenue and backlog of $835 million, representing a 24% increase over last year's first quarter balance. During the quarter, we continued to manage our business with fiscal discipline, which yielded a solid first quarter gross margin of 88% and an operating margin of 29%, in line with our Q1 guidance. Margins were positively impacted by a slower pace of hiring than we had planned as well as reduced travel and corporate event spending. These positive variances were partially offset by higher bad debt expense. The net result was first quarter EPS of $0.83, which was slightly above the midpoint of our guidance range. With respect to taxes, our effective tax rate in Q1 was 19.5%. And going forward, we have adopted a normalized effective tax rate approach for non-GAAP reporting and expect our effective tax rate to remain at 19.5% for the full year. Our cash flow from operations totaled $147 million, and we ended the quarter with a total of $718 million in cash and short-term investments. In line with our capital allocation priorities, we repurchased 690,000 shares during the quarter at an average price of $233.48. We have 2.8 million shares available for repurchase under the current authorized program. Against the backdrop of ongoing volatility and uncertainty in the global markets, we will continue to assess both our own financial performance as well as market conditions as they continue to evolve in determining when might be the most opportune time to reinstate any future share repurchases. Through the combination of our current cash position, the additional $500 million that we have available under our undrawn revolver and our projections for 2020 operating cash flow, we believe that we have ample liquidity to continue to progress against our long-term strategy, while at the same time, remaining cognizant of the current environment. Now, let me turn to the topic of guidance. As this crisis has evolved, our team has created multiple scenarios to build out what we believe is the most appropriate framework for giving investors a forward-looking view of the business based upon everything that we currently know. That being said, because of the very significant market and economic uncertainty associated with the COVID-19 outbreak, our ranges for outlook are wider than those that we have historically provided. Let me also add that the entirety of our guidance reduction relates to the expected effects of the global pandemic. Factoring in our Q1 results, we are initiating guidance for Q2 and updating our revenue, EPS, ACV and operating cash flow outlook for the full year. This update reflects our current views for the remainder of the year as well as the minor contribution from the Lumerical acquisition that we closed on April 1. For the second quarter, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $335 million to $375 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.01 to $1.33. This outlook assumes that we will experience the most significant business disruption in the second quarter. Based upon discussions with our customers and channel partners, we anticipate delays in the timing of closing certain transactions and, in particular, larger enterprise deals may be especially challenging. We have also assumed that some customers will delay certain purchases until later in the year. For the full year, we are updating both the revenue and EPS outlook to non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1.555 billion to $1.630 billion or constant currency growth of 2% to 7%, and EPS in the range of $5.61 to $6.23. We are also updating our full year ACV outlook to a range of $1.5 billion to $1.575 billion. This represents constant currency ACV growth in the range of 3% to 9%. With respect to the remainder of the year, we expect a modest recovery in the business environment in Q3 as employees return to work and businesses begin to resume operations. Our current assumptions anticipate a stronger recovery in the fourth quarter, buoyed by a combination of sales transactions that may have been deferred from earlier quarters, and the sales outlook for multiyear leases that are currently forecasted to close in Q4. With respect to annual operating cash flows, we are updating our outlook for 2020 to a range of $425 million to $470 million. This is reflective of our updated full year ACV, revenue and profitability estimates. We have also factored into our outlook an incremental $10 million to $20 million of customer payments that would have otherwise been made in 2020 that may be delayed into 2021 as a result of extended payment term requests on new contracts and delayed payments on existing contracts. For modeling purposes, we're expecting second quarter operating margins of 33.5% to 39%. And for the full year, we expect operating margins in the range of 40% to 42%. These charges are reflective of our adjusted spending plans for Q2 and the remainder of the year. They include a slower pace of hiring and reduced discretionary spending, as well as decreased spending on certain noncritical facilities and infrastructure projects. On the other hand, we will continue to invest in certain digital transformation projects such as our global CRM and HRIS initiatives, as these projects are critical elements in building the foundation to efficiently operate and scale our business over the long term. Further details around specific currency rates and other quantitative and qualitative assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q2 and 2020 are contained in the prepared remarks document. In our effort to provide greater insight and transparency to investors, we have added additional commentary to our prepared remarks and Form 10-Q, specifically related to the impacts of COVID-19. As a caveat, I will remind everyone that this information is based upon everything that we know as of today. And given the uncertain and unprecedented environment that we are operating under, our assumptions are subject to change. Our current expectations, as reflected in our updated financial outlook, is that there will be a delay in business with an adverse impact on our Q2 and full year results. Beyond the points that Ajei mentioned earlier, regarding the various elements that have contributed to the resiliency of our business model over the long term, from a financial perspective, I'd also like to highlight our high level of recurring ACV, historically stable renewal rates for both leases and maintenance and the strength of our balance sheet and operating cash flow. We are trying to be as transparent as we can and appreciate that you are all seeking information, details and perspectives on our future outlook. We have tried to take into account the uncertainty, particularly around the timing of larger enterprise deals. We also trust that you will appreciate that there is no certainty in our assumptions and that things will continue to evolve and change in either direction depending on how will this situation continues to negatively impact global economies, customer sentiment and purchasing decisions as it has since this global pandemic first began in Q1. We will continue to remain focused on the things that we can control, trying to strike a balance between short and long-term strategic initiatives that we believe are critical to our long-term success. In closing, we are very fortunate to start the year with solid first quarter financial and operational results. Being able to deliver on our Q1 financial commitments, despite the extreme volatility is a testament to both the resiliency of the ANSYS business model and to the collective efforts and dedication of the broader ANSYS ecosystem that includes our employees, customers and partners. As we look ahead, we remain committed to invest in our business and to continue to execute against our long-term strategic priorities. Our focus and commitment to the long term, combined with our best-in-class product portfolio, long-standing customer relationships and resilient business model give us confidence that we will emerge from this crisis better positioned to capitalize on our long-term growth aspirations. Operator, we will now open the phone lines to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Ajei, for you, let me ask a longer term question about where you and the engineering software industry are going as though COVID did not exist? Meaning where you and your peers seem to be going or ought to go over the next half decade or more. So the question is, there seems to be an incipient arms race going on among engineering software companies in terms of their underlying architectures and data platforms as their future architectures. You have Minerva, PTC recently alluded to Atlas, AUTOBEST Forge. And so, of course, is 3Dx. So the question is, how are you thinking about the long-term impact or importance to you in terms of maintaining or gaining share from this new architecture that you have? And are there any implications in terms of your moving from a highly discrete deliverable schedule, as you just alluded to in your remarks, to more of a continuous flow of deliverables over time? And then secondly, the question has to do with COVID. And at the risk of extrapolation, are there any attributes of the business that you think might go on indefinitely or that you would have to think about doing more on an ongoing basis? For example, investing more in inside sales, potentially even an e-store or some kind or in some way, all three or doing things differently with your many partners like Microsoft, Rockwell, et cetera?
Ajei Gopal: So Jay, that's a long question. Let me try to address that -- address the second part first, and then I'll get to the first part. With respect to what you do in a COVID world, as you may have -- as I mentioned in my comments, we have a very large event Simulation World that we're running online. And that is, I think, one of the largest, if not the largest simulation event online. And we have a number of speakers signed up for that. We have, I think, over 10,000 people who have registered and the month is about -- and the event is about a month away. So there's a lot of interest in the technology and the capabilities. And obviously, we're driving demand from online events to -- excuse me, from in-person events to online events. With respect to our partnership relationships, we continue to drive our relationships with our partners and with our customers and the importance of what we do together remains unchanged. With respect to the first part of your question, the long-term view of our industry, I think it's important to note that the part of the industry where ANSYS lives which is simulation, we believe, is the most important aspect that customers are dealing with. They need simulation in order to be able to validate the design of the products to be able to design the products. Some of the other companies that you mentioned are in other parts of the end-to-end ecosystem. We're in the simulation space. And we believe that this is an extremely valuable part of the end-to-end ecosystem is something that customers do need. Now to your point about platforms, look, I think that there is some in the industry who believe that you need to have a single monolithic platform, which is a single source of truth and ideal single vendor monolithic environment. We don't believe that's the case. Our strategy is completely open. We believe instead in an authoritative source of truth, which is an ecosystem of open, federated and purpose-built domain-specific solutions, and we participate in that. And I think that's a much more realistic way of addressing the digital transformation needs of scale. It's not about picking one platform and locking a vendor or locking a customer into a particular platform, it's vendors like ourselves playing in an open environment, recognizing that we need to be in a position to support our customers as they understand how to create these complex products of the future.
Maria Shields: And Jay, just one thing that I'll add to that is, as you spoke about, as we think about our own business and how our models will transition or our ways of interacting with customers, that is the primary reason that for the past several years, we have been aggressively investing in our own digital transformation so that we can enable automation and build a platform that will allow us to efficiently scale our business from $2 billion to $5 billion and beyond. So that is the primary driver of why we've been pushing so much of our own digital transformation.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Wong with Guggenheim.
Ken Wong: Great. So I just wanted to, I guess, touch on a couple of comments you guys made. So in the prepared remarks, you guys highlighted not seeing any material impact on your business from COVID-19. And then also, Maria, when you talked about guidance that it was based entirely on just how it relates to expected effects of the pandemic. So it seems to suggest that you guys currently aren't exactly seeing any erosion to your business. I guess I want to maybe dig into that a little bit, make sure I'm understanding that correctly in terms of how you're forecasting. And then to the extent that there is any concern -- well, in terms of the lower guidance, I just wanted to understand kind of what's coming from maybe just push out those deals and maybe what is coming from contraction of potential contracts that you guys are looking to renew or sign?
Maria Shields: So Ken, just to clarify, I think you needed to take a look at prepared remarks again. What we said is we didn't see a material impact only in Q1. So if you look at our Q1 results, they came -- all of the key metrics came in at basically the midpoint or a little bit better than what we had forecasted when we gave guidance at the end of February. Now that being said, when we gave that guidance, we were basically assuming that COVID-19 was somewhat limited to China and perhaps South Korea. But just like everyone in the world, as March progressed, things got progressively worse as this really became a global pandemic. So as a result of that, a lot of stuff has changed in the past 6 weeks. And so that is why we've modified our full year outlook, which now does factor in what we believe is an elongated impact from COVID-19, the most dramatic being Q2.
Ken Wong: Okay, got it. And then, in terms of kind of where that impact is coming from, any sense of if that -- again, is this more of a customer pushing out stuff? Or is the reduction in ACV more due to customers, I guess, kind of bringing in deal sizes, not attaching as many new products? Just trying to understand kind of where the softness is coming from in terms of the outlook.
Maria Shields: So I'd say it's a combination of -- yes, deals being pushed out as our customers are dealing with their own responses, but I'd say probably the majority of where we're seeing it, particularly in Q2 is at the SMB level; and so in two aspects.
Ajei Gopal: Small and medium business.
Maria Shields: Small and medium business. Two aspects. One, some of those customers that traditionally were paid up customers are shifting towards taking a look at annual leases just because their access to capital is a little bit more constrained in this environment. And then just in certain cases, they're just delaying. So as we've modeled, as we've worked with our field teams, we believe the largest impact we're going to feel across the business is Q2. And if you recall, when we built our outlook for 2020, even before COVID, we were assuming a very back-end loaded year just because the timing of when those multiyear leases were scheduled to renew, largely in Q4 around customers' year-end purchasing cycles.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: Good to hear from everyone. Maria, can you maybe go into more details about this because you mentioned multiple scenarios in your guidance. Can you just frame the low end and the high-end?
Maria Shields: So yes, if you look at for the full year, basically, we've reduced to revenue. Now we're at the low end 2% and at the high end 7% in constant currency, we ran a variety of scenarios. And if we also used what happened to our business in 2009 as another illustration of a global economic shock. And based on everything, all the scenarios that we came to, we believe that the current guidance that we provided is a good proxy for where we will end the year. And I will caveat that by saying that's based on everything that we know today. Should things transition either way, improve quicker than we've estimated or unfortunately detract, we will continue to -- as the rest of our software peers assess our business every single day and every single week, work our way through it. And then as we exit Q2, we will give you a fresh update on all of the data that we've collected during the second quarter.
Jason Celino: Okay. And if I could ask one quick follow-up; the perpetual license decline of 20% in the quarter. Maybe can you talk about linearity of that, maybe how January and February were compared to the latter end of the quarter?
Maria Shields: So -- yes. So what I'd say is the -- if you look at the linearity of any quarter, the third month is always the largest volume for leases and paid up. So relative to the decline is paid up, it shouldn't come as any surprise because if you think about a large impact on the business in Q1 was the COVID situation in China, and China today still is largely a paid up market. So when we see pressure on the business in China, you'll also see it reflected in the results in the paid up line.
Operator: And our next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. And also thanks by the way for the detailed guidance during this uncertain time, certainly not everybody is doing that, so I wanted to acknowledge. Maybe first for you, Maria. And I think you touched on this in a prior question, but just to ask it expressly. Clearly, we've seen more of a shift to lease contracts in this environment versus perpetual for a range of reasons. But I'm wondering what you've seen on contract terms and how are you thinking about that in the guide this year? So specifically, are your lease customers still largely opting for multiyear contracts? Or have some maybe opted to shorten that given the current environment?
Maria Shields: So Saket, what I'd say is, if you think about our customer base, you should really kind of bifurcate it. At the enterprise level, we are still seeing our large customers thinking long-term because R&D is really a long-term investment. And so an example that Ajei spoke to in his remarks is DENSO, a very long-standing customer that just entered into a 3-year multiyear lease. Where we're really seeing the biggest dynamic right now and what we built into our outlook for 2020 is that at the small-medium business level, that those customers are probably -- and we're seeing some of this going to choose an annual lease versus a paid up just given the current economic environment and their access to capital. But I will also just comment that today, the majority of our leases are still annual leases. That transition to multiyear leases has really been the journey at the enterprise and strategic level because that customer tends to think longer term than perhaps smaller businesses do.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That's very helpful. Ajei, maybe a quick follow-up for you. Understand that you've already given the guide for Q2 and the full year. But a question that's being asked of a lot of companies here is just obviously, the end of March was a very dramatic time, let's say. Some companies have seen a little bit of a bounce back in the month of April. Can you talk qualitatively, of course, to sort of how activity levels have been here in the month of April at all?
Ajei Gopal: I think it's important to recognize that when you think about the actual linearity within the quarter of our business, most of it is back-end loaded. So the earlier part of the quarter, there's a lot of customer activity in terms of meetings and things of that nature. But in terms of actual closed contracts, that starts to come in towards the third month of the quarter. And what we're seeing in April, of course, is as customers were transitioning to a work-from-home model, there was obviously some disruption, I would say, March, as people were thinking through the transition process and trying to make sure that they could get there. But today, we are seeing a number of our customers working from home. Our teams are effectively working from home, we can engage. A lot of the challenges are around being able to do things like demos and so on in our ACE organization, which is our technical customer-facing organization is able to deliver those demos and those capabilities. So we feel very confident in our ability to continue to support our customers as they work from home and the activity levels that we're seeing are consistent with that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew DeGasperi from Berenberg.
Andrew DeGasperi: I guess on the first, I wanted to look at a long-term picture. When it comes to the physical prototyping and how that's potentially transitioning under the current conditions, have you already seen engagement from some of these customers or any type of discussions with them that might indicate to you that this sort of transition might accelerate?
Ajei Gopal: So, I think there are two -- there are a couple of things that I think are worth sharing. Number one is that some customers are not able to access physical labs or were not able to access physical labs. And as a result of that, physical experimentation is suffering. And obviously, simulation does not require you to access a physical lab. You can do all your work on the computer and in a work-from-home scenario. So that has clearly swings away from physical testing towards more simulation activity, and that's obviously a tailwind for us, and that's helpful. The other thing is -- and I think this has been very well established, part of the value proposition, what part of the value proposition of simulation is really being able to address cost, and in particular, you can reduce the number of physical prototypes, and you can test in parallel instead of serializing a sequence of events, you can test a number of things in parallel on the computer. And the fact that you can reduce cost is an important driver. And again, in these tough economic times, people are looking to reduce costs. And that, again, is a good guide to tailwind for simulation. So I'm pretty excited about those dynamics. Another point I'd actually like to make, which is kind of interesting is we've been able to deliver that unique pass situation as the pandemic as we've been able to deliver a number of simulation-based insights to out there. People have been using our technology to come up with ideas or assessments of things like social distancing, the creation of PPE, the creation of medical -- rapid creation of medical devices and a lot of that is being done because of the speed and the rating case at which of this work is being done, it was unexpected. A lot of that work is being done through simulation as well. And that also demonstrates the effectiveness of simulation if you start to think about the agility that we can bring to bear.
Andrew DeGasperi: And if I may, on a follow-up. I mean, can you maybe help us think through your M&A strategy at this stage? I mean, I know you're not changing your long-term plan at all, but has the current crisis sort of changed your thinking around that in terms of deal making?
Ajei Gopal: Well, I think it's really very premature to talk about M&A, exactly what the long-term implication on M&A is going to be. Obviously, we continue to have a pipeline of customers of potential companies that we're continuing to evaluate. And we -- and b, we're evaluating those customers, I mean, if those companies, if you look at what we did with the acquisition of Lumerical, we just closed Lumerical a couple of -- a few weeks ago. During the lockdown period, we were able to onboard all their employees remotely. But we continue to engage with potential acquisition targets. We'll see what happens as the situation plays out.
Operator: And this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Ajei Gopal for any closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you very much. So I'd like to close by saying that while there is uncertainty in the market, I know that ANSYS has the right team, the best products in the market and strong customer commitments. With our investments in infrastructure and collaboration technologies, the special accommodations for our customers and with our continued fiscal discipline, I believe that ANSYS is well positioned to help our customers during this critical time and well into the future. When this crisis is abated, I believe that we will emerge in an even better leadership position to make simulation pervasive across the product life cycle. I'd like to again acknowledge our more than 4,000 employees around the world who have managed to grow our customer base and support our existing customers during these challenging times. Thank you all so very much. We are ONE Ansys. And finally, I'd like to encourage all of you to join us online at Simulation World, June 10th and 11th. You can find more information and register on the ANSYS website or by going to simulationworld.com. And thank you for joining the call. Be safe and enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a great day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the ANSYS Q4 and Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Annette Arribas. Please go ahead.
Annette Arribas: Good morning everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks documents have been posted on the home page of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all the key financial information and supporting data relative to our fourth quarter and our full year 2019 financial results and business update as well as our initial Q1 and fiscal year 2020 outlook and the key underlying assumptions. I would like to remind everyone that today’s presentation contains forward-looking information. In addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company’s reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information. During this call and in the prepared remarks, we’ll be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures is included in this morning’s earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO Ajei Gopal for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, Annette, and good morning, everyone. Q4 was yet another exceptional quarter for ANSYS capping a stellar year. In the fourth quarter we delivered record revenue, earnings per share and operating cash flow. Let me focus on annual contract value, or ACV, which we believe to be the best indicator of the underlying health of our business. Q4 ACV at well over half a billion dollars in the quarter for the first time in our history, represented growth of 13% in constant currency, which was particularly gratifying considering the strong baseline set in Q4 of 2018. For the full year 2019 ACV grew a robust 12% in constant currency. As we look to 2020, we're guiding to over 12% growth in ACV in constant currency at the midpoint of our range. This gives us further confidence that we will achieve our goal of $2 billion in ACV by 2022, while maintaining our industry leading margins in the 42% to 44% range. Maria will provide more details in just a few minutes. Now as we provide insight into some of the growth drivers in the fourth quarter and for all of 2019. During Q4, 10 long standing customers made 8 figure commitments. And nearly all of the deals over a million dollars include offerings from at least three of our product lines. From a geographic perspective, we saw strength in all our major territories last year, while North America led with 26% revenue growth for the year. I'm delighted that revenue in Europe grew 29% in Q4, and 14% in 2019, both in constant currency. For the full year, Asia Pac revenue grew 15% in constant currency, despite a modest 2% revenue growth in Q4, which was attributable to variations in deal timings. In Japan, we grew revenue 20% in Q4. From an industry standpoint, high tech continues to be our largest sector, fueled by electronics and our semiconductor solution and supported by our multi physics portfolio. And, as you will hear shortly, we're continuing to add new capabilities to our product offerings so our customers can keep driving innovation in this key industry. Moving to automotive. Other vendors have signaled weakness in the sector, perhaps because of their focus on legacy programs or their inability to pivot to emerging customer requirements. For ANSYS, however, automotive is an area of strength, in part, because we have successfully broadened our offerings to address key growth drivers, namely solutions for autonomous and electric vehicles. We have seen repeated evidence of that success in electric vehicles; first with Volkswagen, which we have previously discussed, and now with Porsche. In Q4, we announced that Porsche Motorsport is using ANSYS to create an advanced electric powertrain for its electric race car. After proving itself on the track, Porsche expects to use the cars electric powertrain to usher in a new era of commercial emobility vehicles. Moving to other industries. Although energy is going through a transition, we are seeing increased demand in that sector, including an extended collaboration with leading energy technology company, Baker Hughes. This long-time customer signed a new agreement in Q4 to use ANSYS simulation to drive down design and development costs, including additive manufacturing, while sparking innovation. We continue to see success in aerospace and defense, driven by increased customer investment in North America. In fact, the aerospace and defense industry is responsible for four of our top deals in Q4. The complex part challenges facing aerospace and defense organizations require a true multi physics approach, including solutions for electromagnetic, fluids and next generation materials. For example, a leading North American gas turbine manufacturer signed an eight figure deal in Q4 to shorten its design cycles using faster, more reliable and accurate combustion simulations. By deploying our Mosaic meshing and enhanced workflows this industry leader reduced preparation time from hours to minutes, while getting more consistent and robust results twice as fast. By using ANSYS solutions, we expect this global leader to save millions of dollars a year and reduce labor and related costs. Another large aerospace company is also benefiting from our comprehensive multi physics portfolio. This company faced a complex set of operating conditions that made identifying potential failure mechanisms a challenge. It is using our best in class electrical, thermal and mechanical products as well as our electronics reliability simulation solution from last year's acquisition of DFR to improve designs and to mitigate possible failures. This resulted in an eight figure deal in Q4, and it demonstrates our ability to efficiently integrate new technologies into our selling motion. As you can see, our customers are benefiting from the formidable combination of ANSYS solutions across physics. This is a powerful endorsement of the strength of the full portfolio and it is one that we believe other vendors cannot match. We continue to extend our product leadership across the entire portfolio with our recently launched ANSYS 2020 R1. R1 accelerates company's digital transformation by enhancing the interfaces, functionality, workflows and scalability of our products. R1 includes multiple products and technology advances, but in the interest of time, I'll focus on areas of particular interest to the high tech industry. To make 5G a reality, the industry must develop new array and beam steering technologies that overcome millimeter wave impediments, such as signal propagation at 28GHz. To overcome those challenges, we continue to make major investments in ANSYS HFSS our flagship product for designing and simulating high frequency electronic products. R1 includes groundbreaking new phased array antenna technology that enables 5G designers to model complete antenna arrays, a task that was previously computationally prohibitive. Developing modern antennas is only one challenge in realizing 5G systems. Chip designers must develop new architecture to collocate the chip and the antenna, which introduces topology constraints and electromagnetic crosstalk challenges that did not previously exist. We recently announced a new product ANSYS Raptor Edge [ph] to solve the challenges. With an unparalleled accuracy its unmatched capacity and speed and smooth design flow integration for advanced nanometer integrated circuit design. We believe Raptor Edge is the most feature rich electromagnetic tool on the market for system on chip flows. Raptor Edge marries the best in class engines from ANSYS RaptorX, which we gained in last year's Helic acquisition and ANSYS HFSS into a single chip packet system design environment. Helic was acquired in Q1 2019 and this product shows speed at which the ANSYS R&D teams can incorporate new technologies into our portfolio. Our platform strategy is based on an extensible, vendor neutral architecture that works both on premises and in the cloud. And since Minerva is based on this architecture, and empowers companies to solve the seemingly intractable problem of dealing with the enormous amount of data created by multiphysics simulations of complex systems such as 5G components and equipment. In R1, Minerva's scalable traceability, configuration management and versioning system ensures reliability and connectivity of simulation data to drive collaboration and insights across the product lifecycle and across departmental silos. That traceability is critical to companies like Eaton Corporation, that rely on Minerva to streamline the user experience when designing and manufacturing part using additive manufacturing and other processes. These innovations are empowering our customers to solve some of the most challenging product problems. Our ongoing commitment to improving our best in class solutions is further widening the technology gap between us and our competitors. That gap is certainly evident with ANSYS Discovery Live, where we have significantly broadened structural use cases and expanded generative design capabilities while adding a GPU based steady state computational fluid dynamic solver. This breakthrough enabled design engineers to predict air flow and heat removal at rates 100 times faster than the previous GPU solver within Discovery Live. One customer told us that they reduced component design time from three months to less than two weeks. Q4 marks the first large renewals for the Discovery business. And we are happy to see our early adopters expand the commitment to Discovery. On its most recent earnings call, our strategic partner PTC announced that it was also seeing a ramp up of adoption in average deal size with its Creo Simulation Live product, which incorporates Discovery Live. As I mentioned previously, we expect the near term financial impact of Discovery Live to be modest, but we see a strong long term opportunity. Over the course of Q4 we also expanded our relationships with industry leaders, Autodesk Microsoft, and Rockwell Automation. With Autodesk we built our previously announced automotive workflow between our lighting simulation solutions ANSYS [indiscernible] and Autodesk Revit. Our new connection between ANSYS Mechanical and Autodesk Fusion will drive revolutionary design and engineering agility for our customers, helping them expedite products to market. Our partnership with Microsoft also expanded, growing beyond our initial collaboration where we empowered customers to access high performance computing on demand via ANSYS Cloud, which runs on Microsoft Azure. In Q4, we grew our collaboration to make it easier for customers to adopt and deploy Digital Twins. Through our expanded partnership, manufacturers that model and connect assets using Azure Digital Twins can optimize ANSYS production and operations using ANSYS Twin Builder. That enables users to slash product maintenance costs and speed, high quality products to market. Similarly with Rockwell Automation, we're enabling customers to benefit by creating a digital twin of their full manufacturing process to create and test virtual what if scenarios. In doing so industrial companies can adapt to market demands with more agility and minimize risk. We're also continuing to expand the market of simulation by reaching future users. Over 3,000 universities use our technology for research and teaching, including students at Carnegie Mellon University who are building and testing their own simulations in the newly opened ANSYS Hall. More than 150,000 people have enrolled in Cornell University's massive online course and simulations based on ANSYS. And I'm pleased to announce that we have seen over 1 million downloads of our student products. I'd like to take a moment now to recognize my colleagues at ANSYS. As you know, the corona virus is a rapidly evolving situation. Our number one priority remains, of course, the safety and the well-being of our employees and their families around the world. And I am humbled and grateful for the commitment that our colleagues in China and elsewhere are showing as they continue to drive business execution in difficult circumstances. Switching to our commitment to environmental, social and governance initiatives for just a moment. I'm proud that Newsweek recently named us to its 2020 List of America's most responsible companies. And I'm delighted that 2020 Women on Board recognize ANSYS is the winning W Company for 2019 with the least 20% Women on our Board of Directors. To summarize, building on double digit ACV growth in 2018, 2019 was a record breaking year for ANSYS. These results combined with our 2020 forecast of double digit ACV growth and our continued investment in our market leading products give us further confidence that we will achieve our goal of $2 billion in ACV by 2022. So, you can understand why I'm excited for 2020 and beyond. As I've told you before, the future for ANSYS is brighter than ever. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Maria. Maria?
Maria Shields: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Let me start off by saying that financially 2019 was our strongest year ever. And we are very encouraged about 2020 given the momentum in our business. For the full year of 2019, we delivered either above the midpoint or well above the high end of the range on our initial financial guidance. And we raised full year guidance three times throughout the course of the year. Even more exciting, is that we closed the year with a very strong fourth quarter, which included record Q4 results across all of our key financial metrics. This is quite a testament to both our resilient business model and our team's ability to execute, particularly when you consider the very strong comparables for both Q4, and the full year 2018. Now I'd like to take a few minutes to provide some additional color on our financial performance. And then I will close with an update on our outlook and key assumptions for Q1 and 2020. And consistent with our standard practice, my comments will be in terms of non-GAAP unless I state otherwise. For the fourth quarter, we delivered constant currency revenue growth of 18% and ACV growth of 13% coupled with operating margin and EPS results that were well above the high end of our Q4 guidance ranges. These record results were driven by strong market demand for our industry leading multiphysics portfolio and by continued positive customer and business momentum. Now let's turn to some of the key financial metrics that I'd like to highlight for the quarter and the year. Beginning with total revenue, we delivered $492.5 million in Q4. And for the full year, we recognize a record $1.5 billion in total revenue, growing 19% in constant currency. Q4 ACV totaled $541 million with 78% of ACV in the quarter coming from recording sources. Notably, this is our first quarter ever reporting over half a billion dollars in ACV. For 2019, our ACV totaled $1.46 billion representing constant currency growth 12% with recurring sources making up 77% of the total. We remind investors that we believe that our annual ACV is a key metric for gauging our operating performance over time. In the quarter, an increase in software lease license sales, combined with strong maintenance renewals bolstered our deferred revenue and backlog total to $871 million, a 32% increase over last year's comparable balance. Moving on to profitability. In Q4, we continued to build on our solid performance throughout every quarter of 2019 with strong top line results that helped to drive a fourth quarter gross margin of 92% and an operating margin of 48%. For 2019, we finished the year with a gross margin of 91% and an operating margin of 45%. These results are evident that first and foremost, we are committed to managing our business with discipline. And secondly, that we are successful in integrating tuck-in acquisition into our business model, while still delivering best in class margins. These strong margins help to drive record fourth quarter and full year EPS of $2.24 and $6.58. Both well above our guidance ranges. With respect to taxes, our corporate tax rate in Q4 was 17%, as compared to the 20% to 21% range that we had expected. The Q4 rate was favorably impacted by a $6.7 million benefit related to a December tax law change in a foreign jurisdiction. Please keep in mind that this non-recurring benefit will impact year over year comparisons in 2020. Our cash flow from operations totaled $139 million for the fourth quarter, and $500 million for 2019. And we closed the year with a total of $872 million in cash and short term investments. Let me add that the acquisitions of LSTC and Dynardo had a relatively insignificant impact on the results for the quarter, contributing $9 million of revenue and $7 million of ACV. Now, let me turn to the topic of guidance. Before I get into the specific numbers, I would like to briefly comment on China, which accounted for just above 4% of our overall revenue in 2019. First, although the trade negotiations between the US and China have somewhat improved with the completion of the phase one deal. Our full year guidance assumes that the US sanctions on the China restricted entities announced in 2019 will not be lifted. We estimate that the sanctions resulted in approximately $20 million of both ACV and revenue, primarily booked in the first half of 2019 that we have assumed will not be repeated in 2020. Second, the recent outbreak of the corona virus is bringing new challenges to China and to other countries in the region. The outbreak could potentially delay some deals originally planned in the first half of 2020, to the second half of the year. This has an insignificant impact on our annual outlook, and is factored into our Q1 guidance. Before moving to our outlook, for 2020 as I have consistently communicated over the past several years, our focus will be on progress against our annual targets, as opposed to short term quarterly results. You should expect as we do variability in quarterly financial results, because ASC 606 revenue recognition rules can affect both revenue and related growth numbers based on the number, timing, size and duration of multi-year leases. As I described in detail in our last call, in any given quarter or year, there can be a disconnect between the revenue and ACV metrics. In some quarters and years, one metric can be ahead of the other. But eventually and often in the subsequent comparable quarter or year the other metrics must be ahead because the two metrics sum to the same number in the long term. In 2019 constant currency revenue growth of 19% disproportionately outpaced ACV growth of 12% driven by large multi-year lease deals. In 2020 however, we expect constant currency ACV growth of 11% to 14% to outpace annual revenue growth of 8% to 12%. Note also that in both 2018 and in 2019, the second half of the year was stronger than the first. And Q4 was by far our largest quarter. We expect that this trend will continue in 2020. Going one level down, there are three reasons for why the second half will be stronger than the first. First to seasonality, the second half of the year, most notably the fourth quarter continues to get seasonally stronger, with a number of large multi-year lease deals in the pipeline. This is aligned with the timing of many of our customers annual budgeting and spending cycles. Second is coming in specific deals. Q1 in 2019 saw a small number of large multi-year lease contracts that contributed significant revenue in that quarter. Naturally, these contracts will not renew this year and thus will not contribute significant revenue in this quarter. Even though we expect the total revenue contribution of our multi-year leases in 2020 to increase as compared to 2019. This timing of Q1 2019 deals coupled with the seasonality of large deals means that the first quarter’s revenue for multi-year contracts will be lower than Q1 of 2019. Third, the combined effect of the China sanctions and coronavirus, which I described earlier, delays first half revenue and further strengthens projected revenue growth in the second half of 2020. Let's move on to the details of our outlook. We're initiating our guidance for Q1 and expect non- GAAP revenue in the range of $300 to $320 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.75 to $0.88. For 2020, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1,640 million to $1,700 million or constant currency growth in the range of 8% to 12%. And EPS in the range of $6.19 to $6.71. Our ACV outlook for 2020 is in range of $1,605 million to $1,650 million. This represents constant currency ACV growth in the range of 11% to 14%. With respect to 2020 annual operating cash flow. Our initial outlook is the range of $500 million to $530 million, which considers a full year of interest expense on our timelines. Looking ahead to Q1, we are expecting operating margins of 27.5% to 30% which are reflected of the lower revenue contribution in Q1, combined with a lower proportion of variable cost. And for the full year 2020 we expect margins in the range of 42% to 43%. This aligns with the target range of 42% to 44% that we communicated back in September 2019 at our Investor Day event. To close out on the topic of our outlook for 2020. Let me just say that we have a strong pipeline, diversified business model and a high level of recurring revenues all of which contribute to our confidence that 2020 will play out similar to the past two years. For the details around specific currency rates, and other key assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q1 and 2020, are contained in the prepared remarks document. In summary, we delivered another quarter and year of record financial performance with strength across our key financial metrics. Our continued track record of delivering on our financial commitment gives us confidence that we will deliver another year of record financial performance in 2020. In addition, we will continue to invest in our business while we execute against our strategic priorities, in support of delivering on our longer term 2022 ambitions. Operator we will now open the phone lines to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ken Wong with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Ken Wong: Great. Thanks for taking my question, guys. Maybe the first question for you Ajei. You guys have historically been pretty conservative in terms of how you guys think about your business. And when we look at that ACV guide of 11% to 14% growth. Help us understand maybe kind of what type of conservatism has been baked in? Where you might see some opportunities for improvement as we work our way through the year? And then Maria any way to help us with what the organic ACV growth of the business is for fiscal year '20? Thanks a lot.
Ajei Gopal: So I'll let Maria jump in as well. But a couple of assumptions that we have built in perhaps that might help for the 2020 ACV assumption. Firstly, as you know, as I said in the comments, Q4 was an amazingly strong quarter in terms of ACV. So I'm excited about the performance. I'm excited about the pipeline. I think we have a very strong pipeline. Built into assumptions, there are a couple of headwinds, which perhaps might be relevant. One is, we've assumed that currency is approximately a point. So that's approximately $15 million of a headwind, and that might be relevant to the conversation. And the other is course is we are assuming from the China sanctions that there's a headwind from a growth perspective and Maria mentioned that on the call as well and that's approximately $20 million. And so taken together, that's approximately 2.3% or about $35 million headwind coming into ACV for the year. And of course, that mitigates what we have in terms of an amazingly strong pipeline.
Maria Shields: Yeah. And Ken with respect to inorganic contribution, we're expecting currently about 3% to 4% both to ACV and revenue will be the inorganic component.
Ken Wong: Great, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jackson Ader with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jackson Ader: Great. Thanks for taking my question this morning. And just a quick follow up, Maria. The inorganic contribution, what about for 2019 to both ACV and revenue?
Maria Shields: It was roughly about 3%, 4% as well for the full year.
Jackson Ader: Okay. That's helpful. And then the cash flow outlook. Looks like again, you guys are looking for kind of low single digit cash flow. And if we look at that, as a percent of - I know revenue can bounce around, but even as a percent of ACV, it's kind of coming down again. Can you just comment on maybe free cash flow conversion relative to what you would expect in kind of normalized years outside of all this 606 noise?
Maria Shields: So, so let me talk about a couple of the primary factors that we've built into our current outlook for operating cash flow. So first and foremost, as you heard me say on the call, the slightly reduced margin in 2020 as compared to 2019. I also mentioned this is the first year that we have interest payments on the long term debt that we entered into in connection with the LSTC acquisition, that's about $13 million impact. The stronger U.S. dollar, the expectation that will have increased tax payments in 2020, related to our strong profitability last year. And one other nuance that you may or may not be aware of that relates to another accounting change. There is a new accounting standard that we adopted and that others will adopt that impacts the treatment of certain items that move from historically were treated as investing items that now move into operating. And so those will also have a negative impact relative to the cash flows in 2020. So the combination of all of those elements is what leads us to the $500 million to $530 million that we currently are projecting.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good morning. Ajei in your prepared remarks you refer to the new features and capabilities and the 2020 release, including the incorporation of some acquired functionality. The question then for that is, could you talk about how you have evolved or may yet have to evolve your internal development processes of R&D management and the like? I've asked this question of other companies like Adobe, for example, that have large complex portfolios that have also been acquisitive. Curious to understand how you particularly from multiphysics and the non-software business have perhaps made some changes relating to R&D. And then secondly, also for you talk about, if you could the interplay as you see it between services, including in particular technical consulting on the one hand, enter solver and non-solver businesses. What is the connection there in terms of services as you see it as either a leading indicator or coincidental indicator to support and enable the software business? Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: So, if I understand the question about R&D, and I'll try to answer it as best as I can. And hopefully this gets to the gist of your question. We as any sophisticated company with a broad portfolio of technologies, we rely on a combination of both organic development, where we have a roadmap that we execute against. And on certain occasions we rely on acquisitions. And the acquisitions could be because there's a technology that we've decided we need, which might be better served by going out and buying a company which has already developed that as opposed to developing ourselves. We have an amazingly engaged and capable R&D organization. And we continue to drive innovation after innovation. And I gave you an example of some of the innovations in HFSS. And if you look at the R1 release, you'll see a chapter and verse of all kinds of new features and capabilities that continue to enhance the products across a number of different dimensions. But at the same time, we believe that acquisitions are an important aspect, that there are a number of start-up companies that have interesting ideas. There are other companies that perhaps maybe a little bit more established that have developed great technology like LSTC had. And we're able to bring them in and rapidly incorporate them into our R&D processes and our development processes. We have an internal mechanism to be able to share information. We have a technical conference, for example, where our R&D leaders from around the world and technical leaders can come get together and share information. There's a lot of collaboration. And you're seeing that in the results. I gave the example of RaptorX. You're seeing the results in some of our optics technology will be announced and ANSYS [indiscernible], which brought together some of the work that we had on a solid modeling on the space claim slide together with the [indiscernible] capabilities and so on. You can see that in our autonomous offerings where we have brought together core technology that we've developed over the years, as well as acquisitions that came in, as well as technology that came in from acquisitions. You see that in our platform strategy, which includes capabilities that we've developed, as well as other things that we've acquired. So, it's a complex equation, but I think that our team is incredibly sophisticated, and we're able to deal with that complexity very well. So, I think that's the first piece of your question. The second piece is with respect to services. Look, we have a - we're not a services company, a professional services company that is not a business model. We're a software business. And for us while we do services are fundamentally in support of driving software sales. And now we do have a small services organization that supports some of our larger opportunities. And especially when it's in a broad new emerging area, we can certainly see an incremental set of requests for the services capabilities that we provide. But that's not our business and we work with service partners around the world who can add to the ecosystem. So, so many of our large channel partners and others can add to the ecosystem to provide service delivery to our customers. This is obviously not an area where we are focusing on trying to significantly increase our share of the business as I said, our business model is that of the software company.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Vruwink with Baird. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: Hi, good morning. The dynamic around eight figure deals continues to be very impressive. Do you think your performance within a specific industry vertical or with the existing eight figure customers is at a point where ancestors may be benefiting from a referral sale dynamic?
Ajei Gopal: If what you're saying in the question is do you believe that customers are seeing that ANSYS has technology that can help other people in the marketplace and therefore could help themselves. In other words, the customer says, look, I can see what ANSYS is doing elsewhere, and therefore they're in a position to help me. I think customers like to work with winners. I think we're a winner in the marketplace and customers like to work with us. We certainly see customers who appreciate the fact that we've invested ahead of the curve, for example in areas like autonomy and electrification, IoT where we have great capability and we can demonstrate customer success in the conversation that we're having with customers. I hope - does that answer your question?
Joe Vruwink: Yes, yes, it does. And then going back to the strong pipeline for FY 2020. Can you maybe just discuss how business conditions outside of China outside of the affected areas have changed year-to-date, maybe relative to your expectation for the ACV pipeline and close rates at the start of the year?
Maria Shields: Yeah. So Joe, what I'll say is on a global front. Outside of China, we don't see any huge changes from the macro environment that existed when we exited Q4. And I think for us, what gives us confidence relative to our outlook for 2020 is that to the topic that you just spoke to Ajei about, every single one of those eight figure deals that were closed in Q4 were in the pipeline when we came out with guidance in November. So we successfully were able to close every single one of those. And we know that we've got a strong pipeline of deals that are scheduled to close in Q4 of next year just because of the renewal cycle. They're lighter in Q1 just because of the ones that we closed this year that will not repeat. But we are very confident that based on everything that we know today, we've got a strong pipeline. We've got customers that are investing heavily in their own digital transformation to keep pace with market expectations. And so while it may appear on the surface, the Q1's light when you look at the full year and the fact that we're putting up double digit ACV and revenue growth at the midpoint for the full year we're very excited about the opportunity that we see ahead.
Joe Vruwink: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Steve Koenig: Hi, thanks for taking my question and I'll have one follow-up as well. On the Q4 specifically, it looks like constant currency you’re just about the midpoint of your guide. I'm wondering, could you comment - that's for ACV, can you comment on what factors could have gotten you to the high end of guide or conversely, what factors could have led you more towards the low end? You came right down the middle and the fairway it looks like.
Maria Shields: Yeah. So Steve, what I'll say is there were two primary factors that contributed to where we ended up on ACV. And both of those, unfortunately, were outside of our control. The first being currency. And the second, if you recall, we closed the LSTC acquisition right before we gave guidance in November, and about 100% of that business came through their channel. We were not able to engage with the channel during the diligence. And so as a result, what we discovered once we closed that deal, that the forecasting methodology that their channel used were not necessarily aligned with what a public company would do. And so as a result that ended up the contributions from the acquisitions were a little bit less than we anticipated. So if you take the combination of the forecasting negative, which we have now fixed and has been resolved as we head into 2020 and the impact of currency, the two of those essentially would have brought us closer to the midpoint.
Steve Koenig: Got it. That's helpful, Maria. And then for my follow-up, you explained in some pretty good detail why second half should be somewhat stronger than the first half. I'm wondering specifically relative to the coronavirus assumptions and in the statement that the full year shouldn't be impacted. I'm wondering what inputs are you considering there in terms of the second half bounce back in making that forecast? Are you looking at the news or that come from your channel in China or what's giving you confidence in that assumption specifically around the outbreak?
Ajei Gopal: So let me take a - crack it and then I'll have Maria jump in as well. We are in obviously, as you can imagine, we're in very close contact with our team in China. And we're working closely with them, as well as we're in contract with our channel partners in China. We're a software business and as you can imagine, a lot of the activity that needs to be done in order to communicate with customers and work with customers can actually be done over the network. It can be done over telephone calls and so forth. And we are seeing that our team in China, and I alluded to this in my comments. Our team in China is able to, despite the fact that some of our offices are closed, our team and China's able to go in to be able to work from home and to reach our customers who are also working from home and are able to get access to their systems and so forth. And so based upon that, and what we're seeing in terms of our ability to move our business forward, we've taken a - somewhat conservative, we're moving, we believe that they will be obviously some impact in the sense that they will be some business that will be delayed from the first half to the second half. But we believe that the underlying dynamics of the market continue to be strong, the demand for our products continues to be high. We're continuing to be able to make progress against opportunities. And so we've modeled this as essentially a delay of activity that might have otherwise been scheduled for the first half delaying into the second half. Maria?
Maria Shields: Yes. And I'll just say, Steve, relative to the that commentary, we have factored in into our Q1 outlook, some prudent caution relative to the corona virus and the impact that it will have on our Q1 business in China, specifically.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew DeGasperi with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew DeGasperi: Thanks for taking my question. First on your partnership with Rockwell. I was just wondering when do you think you expect to see some progress there, should it be consistent with the digital twin opportunity you highlighted you invest today or would it potentially materialize sooner than that?
Ajei Gopal: So, our partnership with Rockwell is very much about the opportunity to help with the manufacturing process. And it's the use of Digital Twins in the manufacturing process to be able to optimize that. So yes, it is related to the deployment of digital twin technology. But at the same time, this is not an [indiscernible] long term, multiyear activity. We are working actively with customers today and working together with customers, I think we can demonstrate the better the fit of the use of digital twins and being able to optimize their manufacturing processes. And I'm not sure if we could talk about specific customers today by name. But there's one particular large CPG customer, for example that we are actively engaged with that, that I'm very excited about.
Andrew DeGasperi: Great. And just the last one. In terms of the, the energy sector, you mentioned was a local cycle last year, and but it picked up in a second half. Can you mention what's changed?
Ajei Gopal: Yes, I think when you look at energy, what's happening is that the industry is transitioning some of its investments from where they've historically been. So, looking at things like digital transformation, they're looking at predictive analytics, material intelligence, additive manufacturing, robotics, autonomous systems. So, it's not only what they've traditionally looked at, but they're starting to broaden. And of course, these are areas where we can now be historically having a lot of investments and then we can continue to broaden our conversations with these service providers in the energy sector to include all the new capabilities where they're seeking to broaden their own solutions. And so that continues to drive opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Valera from Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Ajei appreciate your comments on Discovery Live. Just wondering, you mentioned you didn't expect it to be sort of material near term. But if you could give us any sense of when you think that might be able to be a material contributor? And then what other opportunities might you have beyond the PTC arrangement now either to sort of broaden that agreement as they've broadened out their product line or potentially to partner with other players in the CAD [ph] industry?
Ajei Gopal: As far as our relationship with PTC is concerned. Look, I'm excited about the relationship PTC. I think that they're a great partner. And obviously, they have recently gone through the acquisition of Onshape, which is to the great technology that brought on board. And we continue to have conversations with them about how our relationship can evolve and grow. So that's an ongoing dialogue we continue to have with our partners at PTC. As far as the, the first question in terms of the Discovery business in the aggregate. I mean, I think that the technology is incredible. And we're going after a market opportunity that continues to evolve and develop. And that's one of the reasons why we've been incredibly cautious about how we imagine the financial impact of the business is going to be. And I think we've been very consistent in saying that this is going to be a relatively modest piece for business for a long time. And that's in part driven by the fact that the audience that we're going after is relatively conservative audience. And adoption of these kinds of technologies unlike a consumer technology, adoption takes time. We continue to drive the new innovation and the innovations that - I described some innovations in the call, I don't want to go through them again. But we continue to drive new innovations and new capabilities. And that continues to broaden and strengthen our capability in the market. So I'm excited about where we are. I believe we've made great progress. We've seen a progress with customers who have come through the enterprise renewal process. So it wasn't like they were just buying it to evaluate it. They're buying it and they're re-buying it. So that's a really positive sign. And we continue to see that as a tailwind for the business as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Pfau with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Matt Pfau: Hey, guys. I just wanted to ask on the LSTC acquisition, how is the integration of that business progressing? You mentioned that historically they've done majority of their sales through the channel. Are you working on transitioning that sales notion more to your internal sales force? And then they have some exposure in automotive and you mentioned that the autonomous and electric was good for ANSYS. How about LSTC and your automotive exposure? Thanks.
Ajei Gopal: So firstly, the area that - let me start with the last piece. The area where LSTC has a lot of strength and automotive is in crash testing. Crash testing what I meant the more legacy areas I was talking about potentially a transition from electric to the internal combustion engine. And if you start to think about that transition, customers are spending more money on electric drive trains and thinking about that change versus internal combustion engines. However, when you consider now the fact that you have say a battery inside a car. And as I've described in previous calls the transition to an electric drive train and to a battery operated car fundamentally changes the nature of the design. The chassis changes, weight assumptions changes. There's a fundamental redesign taking place across the car in the aggregate. But that means that you have to rethink what it means for collisions and response to collisions. And then of course, the battery, you have to worry about battery explosions and battery fires and things of that nature. So you have to really rethink and spend a lot of effort understanding how collisions, because collisions of might happen, you have to make sure that the collisions are not going to be catastrophic. And that means there continues to be significant demand, even in the new world of electric cars for the kind of work that we're doing. And I'm very excited about our position there in the marketplace. So that's with respect to the actual end market in automotive for LSTC. As far as the integration of the technology and the product is going. The integration is going really well. We are - the technology is very consistent with what we expected. We were a longtime reseller, as well of the technology. So we certainly understood it before we did the acquisition is consistent with what we expected. And it's a great team and they're great people. As far as the channel partners are concerned, we're working with those channel partners. They're integrating into all the ANSYS ecosystem. And we're working with the channel partners. We're honoring those relationships. And supporting those channel partners, because they have some really valuable customer relationships and incredible skills and capabilities that we want to maintain within the ANSYS ecosystem. So we want those channel partners to grow and pride within the ANSYS ecosystem. And the good news is that we have a vibrant channel relationship already and those channel partners can grow inside. And we're very supportive of them continuing to be able to grow their businesses being part of the broader ANSYS family.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I understand the lower revenue dynamics driving lower margins in Q1, but expense growth looks to be the highest in Q1. Can you maybe talk about acquisition integration costs, investments or core cost timing?
Maria Shields: So what I'll say Jason is, please keep in mind that Q1 is the first quarter of all five of the acquisitions coming into play that we did last year. So the combination of the acquisitions along with our own organic hiring, and a number of digital transformation activities that we've got going in our own business, just resolved in Q1 having a lot less variable cost than if you look across the entire year. So we're excited that we will continue to run our business with diligence that will continue to deliver best in class margins. But we really encourage you to look at the margins over the course of the full year, as opposed to just a 90-day period.
Jason Celino: Great, thanks. And then relative actually following back to the coronavirus and that pushing some ACV in revenue into the second half. I understand that it might delay some work. But can you maybe talk about second half resources that would be devoted to that.
Ajei Gopal: You said resources that will be devoted to that, what specifically what specifically you're referring to?
Jason Celino: Well, if you think about what it takes to close a deal, if you've got more that was supposed to close and keeping first half that is closed in second half, would there be any second half work that would be delayed as a result?
Ajei Gopal: I understand what you're saying. No, we don't we don't see any significant impact. I mean, when you consider the aggregate about business, it's so large. We're talking about a relatively de minimis amount relative to the overall value of a business. So it's a tiny - it's noise in the big scheme of things from a back end deal closing perspective. The people who actually close the deals on as far as the books are concerned. As far as the actual work with the customers as I said, a lot of that work is taking place right now where we are able to work with the customer, virtually. We're able to do continue with telephone calls. We're able to continue working over the internet. We can do webinars. We can do webcast. Customers have access to demo systems as they need to. All of that activity continues to take place. As I said, our colleagues in China and once again, I want to acknowledge our colleagues in China who've been working under difficult circumstances for a while. Our colleagues in China are able to continue to drive the business forward and they are actively working to do that. And so we feel like a lot of the spadework that we need is continuing to happen. We will continue to seek we will continue to close business in Q1. But we've model for the sake of - for the sake of being prudent we've modelled the slippage of some business into the second half. And that's course already in the guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Borg with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Adam Borg: Great, and thanks for taking the question. Just a quick one in the prepared remarks, it was interesting to see some increasing momentum in the healthcare vertical in North America. Maybe you could just talk a little bit more about what's driving the strength and what efforts you're devoting against that in 2020? Thanks.
Ajei Gopal: Yeah. So let me just try to take that for a second. Look, we see simulation is becoming increasingly important for a sector of the healthcare market. And while it's a relatively small vertical for us today, I think we're making significant progress there, especially in Q4 in physics that's based on the healthcare sector, specifically that we're focused on, which is things like device manufacturing, medical devices and so on. We've been working with the regulator of the FDA; we've been working with the EU. And we believe that the healthcare industry is heading more towards things like [indiscernible] trials and outcomes like personalized medicine. And then physics based simulation will play an even more active role. And we've frankly been very active in this in the field for a long, long time maybe for the last decade. And we've been engaging globally with policymakers with academics with consortia to try to make sure that we can explain to the industry and bring the industry and the regulations along to the use of [indiscernible] trials. And I think we've made significant progress. Now in Q4 specifically, as I said, we had several larger deals with medical device market leaders specifically focusing on the use of simulation and leading to products that could be deployed more rapidly, and products that could get regulatory approval more rapidly. So that translates into a very specific value proposition to the customers which is they can get new product to market faster and at lower costs and with greater probability through the regulation process. And so that's a low hanging fruit for us. But we see all kinds of opportunities in that, so we're working towards it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tyler Radke with Citi. Please go ahead.
Tyler Radke: Hey, thank you just two quick ones for you, Maria. So, I just want to clarify the question on ACV performance in Q4. I thought you said that if you had the currency, play out as you'd originally expected, and then some of the pipeline forecasting issues with the acquisition, you would have kind of come in in the midpoint of guidance, I guess, what prevented you from - sorry, go ahead.
Maria Shields: Near the midpoint.
Tyler Radke: Yes, I guess what would have prevented you from going towards the high end? Were there any types of deals that slipped or what's kind of the factors there? And then just a quick follow up as I think about the divergence between operating cash flow margin and operating income margin overtime would you expect those to kind of triangulate kind of in the same neighborhood? I think they're north of a 10 point delta today, but just how to think about those in the long run? Thank you.
Maria Shields: So, Tyler, what I'd say is like any year end there are customers that will apply pressure to get better discounts or better terms and conditions. And so, if you decide to take those skills, then you can always end up at the high end of guidance. And if you decide to think about our business as a long term play and not give in to the pressures of giving away software and services that are highly valuable for discounts that make a number in Q4 look better. We just choose to run our business for the long term. And so there's always ways to make the numbers look better. But are they the right ways for the business in the long term? So, as we said, we're very excited about our performance in Q4. We closed the deals that were in our forecasts that mattered. We had a record quarter. And we're excited about what we see ahead for 2020.
Operator: Next question comes from Mark Schappel with Benchmark. Please go ahead.
Mark Schappel: Hi, thank you for taking my question. Just one question Ajei. Could you just clarify your prepared remarks around the improvements you saw in the energy sector? Are you seeing broad based improvements in industry or did your comments just pertain to the big your bakery is?
Ajei Gopal: As I said, I think I mentioned this in one of the earlier questions as well. We are seeing customers in the energy sector. And again, we have a definition of the energy sector. We have customers in the energy sector who are all looking to broaden what they were previously interested in. It wasn't just the conversations that we've been historically having, the broader conversations about things like predictive intelligence and materials and robotics that I mentioned before. Another area that that continues to be of interest is emissions reduction, things like carbon capture. And so we saw some new opportunities that emerged from things like carbon capture with public applicability for renewable energy and energy storage, battery management, battery systems, and things of that nature. So, all of those are outside of the traditional business that you might have, perhaps associated with the energy sector. And those represent incremental opportunities for us as we think about our business going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Swanson with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Matthew Swanson: Yes, thanks for taking my question. This is Matt Swanson on for Matt Hedberg. You performed really well in the automotive sector in 2019 y going after some of those new dollars around electrification and automation. So, far in 2020, it seems like PMI data might be improving, varies like Germany. Brexit seems like there's less than certainty from the UK. Can you talk a little bit about the return maybe of some of those old dollars and what that can mean to the space?
Ajei Gopal: Well, as I said, I think that some of the some of the directions that we've talked about in the automotive industry, for 100 years, the automotive industry has been based on assumption that it's an internal combustion engine. And it's driven by a human being. And both of those assumptions are being challenged at the same time. So, we expect a significant amount of the R&D spend is going towards is going towards these next generation technologies. It is going towards electrification it is going towards electric systems. It is also going towards electric drive trains. It's also going towards autonomy. And while we may not necessarily see full autonomy in the short term. As we go on this journey to autonomy, we have improved safety systems, we have autonomy and limited circumstances and so forth. So that level of investment is an ongoing stream of investment that we see happening for multiple years. And we're excited about that. That being said, when you when you look at the full portfolio, I think that we have some tremendous strength in the automotive industry outside of these new areas that we've talked about. We talked briefly about crash. That's an area that we continue to be strong, that's obviously through the acquisition. And we continue to be strong in other areas with the portfolio that we've driven. Some other interesting areas like optics have also come into our portfolio through acquisitions. So we have a very strong footprint in the automotive industry today. We have good capabilities, both for the emerging areas where there's a lot of R&D spend as well as the more traditional areas. And we're very excited about our position.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ajei Gopal, for any closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: Great, thank you. 2019 was another outstanding year for ANSYS. And we exceeded expectations on many of our key financial metrics. We continue to improve execution across the geographies on our go-to market strategies. We have broadened our product capabilities, and we announced several new partnerships and collaborations. These are important accomplishments and they continue to move the business in the right direction, and they give us confidence in our ability to achieve our long-term targets. We are looking forward to another exciting year in 2020. And in closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners for their support. And of course, this shouts out to my ANSYS colleagues. Thank you all for your efforts and thank you for another exceptional quarter and an exceptional year. Thank you all for joining the call. Please enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the ANSYS Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Annette Arribas, Senior Director, Global Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Annette Arribas: Good morning everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks document have been posted on the home page of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all the key financial information and supporting data relative to our third quarter financial results and business update as well as our Q4 and full year 2019 outlook and the key underlying assumptions. I would like to remind everyone that today’s presentation contains forward-looking information. In addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company’s reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information. During this call and in the prepared remarks, we’ll be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. Please take any reference to revenue to mean revenue under ASC 606. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures under ASC 606 is included in this morning’s earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO Ajei Gopal for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, Annette, and good morning, everyone. Q3 was another exceptional quarter for ANSYS. We surpassed the high-end of our guidance in both revenue and earnings per share. Our annual contract value or ACV, came in at a robust 14% growth in constant currency. Based on our continued outstanding financial performance and the ongoing strength of our pipeline, I'm excited to announce that we are again increasing our 2019 revenue, EPS and ACV guidance. Maria will provide the details in a few minutes. Q3 was about execution across all aspects of our business and all our normal routes to market. This strong across the board performance highlights the robustness and the resilience of the ANSYS business. Considering sales activity from a geographical perspective, the Americas have contributed strong consistent performance throughout the year. As we had expected, Europe had a slower first half of the year, but Q3 was strong and we expect Q4 to also be robust based on some larger deals in the pipeline. Asia has also performed well this year, but full year growth in China is expected to be muted as a result of the ongoing trade restrictions. Our guidance, of course, takes this consideration into account. Our channel, which continues to represent about a quarter of our sales activity, grew consistently with our direct business. From an industry perspective, the semiconductor and high-tech, automotive and aerospace and defense verticals continue to lead the way. As has been the case for many quarters, our larger deals are driven by the strength of our multiphysics portfolio. In fact, over 80% of our largest deals in Q3 included four or more products across our physics suite. Our enterprise and strategic accounts performed well and included three customers with orders in the eighth figure range. Let me share a few of our Q3 successes. A leading innovator in high tech materials and processes signed a $12 million multiyear agreement to develop next-generation OEM component. With increased access to simulation, more engineers of the company can use ANSYS to provide tailored solutions for its customers. Through a new multi-million dollar deal, ANSYS multi-physics solutions are enabling and electronics leader to be the first to market. This company has demonstrated that ANSYS can materially reduce the number of physical prototypes saving $5 million in one of its business groups alone. Another large technology company signed an eight-figure agreement to drive innovation in new markets while growing its footprint in existing business segments. The company is using ANSYS from silicon through the entire platform to innovate, reduce time to market, and mitigate the risk of next-generation mobile phone and data center chips. Only ANSYS could fulfill its demand for fast, high-fidelity, multi-physics modeling resulting in a nice win over our competition. On our recent call, I've highlighted specific product or solution areas in the ANSYS portfolio. For example, in Q1, I discussed our leadership in electronics with products such as ANSYS HFSS and ANSYS RedHawk. On our last call, we discussed our multi-physics autonomy solution, which includes core products like ANSYS HFSS, coupled with leading technologies that we've obtained through recent acquisitions including medini and OPTIS. With so many recent advances in ANSYS Mechanical, as well as the acquisition of LSCC, on this call I'd like to focus on our mechanical and structures products. ANSYS was founded as a mechanical and structural simulation company, and nearly 50 years later that product line continues to accelerate. Customers use our mechanical simulate to validate the design, structural integrity, and the performance of their product across a broad spectrum of applications, from jet turbine blades to offshore oil pumping platforms and everything in between. That's due in part to our ongoing focus on accuracy. We are also consistently driving new functionality and ease of use into ANSYS Mechanical including innovations that we added in Q3 for streamlined and simplified workflows, as well as the prediction of electronic hardware failure gained from our acquisition of DFR Solutions. Those enhancements and many more are resonating with new and existing customers. Our recent acquisition of LSTC is further broadening our footprint in the structure space. LSTC is the world's premier provider of explicit dynamics and other advanced finite element analysis technology. LSTC’s flagship product, LS-DYNA is used to simulate high speed, short duration events, for example, a cell phone drop or an automotive crash. In fact, the automotive industry has widely adopted LS-DYNA to accurately predict a vehicle's behavior and the effects on occupants during a collision. Over the years, LSTC has evolved its solutions from a leading explicit dynamic solver to a broad multi-physics suite that can solve a range of use cases, from automotive impacts, to airbags, to aerospace and defense applications, and beyond. The LSTC technology and customer use cases are complementary to and dovetails nicely with the broader ANSYS Mechanical products which solve for longer-term phenomena like structural loads and vibrations. While ANSYS has partnered with LSTC for nearly 25 years, we had focused on a limited set of LS-DYNA used cases and not on the primary used cases such as automotive crash testing. Now that LSTC is part of ANSYS, our comprehensive go-to market capabilities will enable us to better serve the automotive, aerospace and defense and other markets with the full breadth and depth of the LS-DYNA suite. And by combining our product portfolios, we will be able to solve even more challenging customer problems than either company could individually. Industry legend, John Hallquist founded LSTC and he will remain part of the ANSYS team. Both LSTC and ANSYS share a similar culture. Based on a profound respect for technology and an unwavering commitments to customer success. And I'm excited that the combination will allow ANSYS customers to deliver more sophisticated products faster and more efficiently than ever before. We also called on our acquisition of Dynardo, a leading provider of multidisciplinary analysis and optimization technology. An existing ANSYS partner, Dynardo developed a state-of-the-art solutions for optimization, uncertainty quantification, robustness, sensitivity analysis and data mining. And while this acquisition isn't financially material, adding Dynardo’s products into the ANSYS portfolio will give customers access to the full suite of process integration and robust design tools. Empowering users to identify optimal product designs faster and more economically. I'm delighted to welcome the LSTC and Dynardo employees into our ANSYS family. We also continue to make strong progress with integrating technology from our earlier acquisitions into our portfolio, as we saw in our newly released ANSYS 2019 R3. On the materials side, we introduced ANSYS Granta materials data for simulation, which increases the number of off-the-shelf materials available directly in our flagship products. With DfR solutions, we have upgraded the preprocessor and core solving engine using ANSYS technology. Our sales teams have embraced these upgrades, helping us to expand existing accounts, open sales opportunities at new customers and accelerate pending deals. On the partnership side, we recently announced an alliance with Microsoft to help mutual customers improve operations through Digital Twins. This collaboration will empower customers to more accurately predict an assets future performance and reduce unscheduled downtime expenses using Azure Digital Twins and ANSYS Twin Builder. We also announced an exclusive partnership with Motor Design Limited to distribute its Motor-CAD software. Motor-CAD enables design engineers to evaluate motor topologies and concepts across the full operating range. And to produce designs that are optimized for performance, efficiency and size. By combining their electric motor design software tool with our multiphysics analysis capabilities, we are extending simulation into the design phase of the electric machine product lifecycle. Our previously announced partnerships continue to build momentum. In its most recent earnings call, PTC reported 126 transactions, a 66% increase in the number of deals from the previous quarter for Creo Simulation Live, its CAD solution powered by ANSYS Discovery Live. PTC expects the adoption to further accelerate in its next fiscal year. Turning now to our environmental, social and governance initiatives, STEM Education remains a key element of our ESG focus I was excited last week to attend the opening of ANSYS Hall, a new engineering building complete with state-of-the-art space on the campus of the Carnegie Mellon University here in Pittsburgh. As part of our partnership with CMU, we are providing students with access to the ANSYS portfolio, enabling them to prepare for life outside of academia by solving real world engineering challenges. We have also expanded our Women in Technology effort through a grant to the Lila Poonawalla Foundation which provides scholarships and training for aspiring female engineers in India. These initiatives are incredibly exciting to all of us at ANSYS as we help to train the next generation of engineers and scientists. In summary, I'm extremely proud of our accomplishments in the third quarter, and frankly, for all of 2019. We recorded another quarter of double-digit top line growth and best-in-class margins. We are in a growing market with a winning strategy of pervasive simulation and a world-class product portfolio bolstered by a strong pipeline and an established track record of execution. That gives us tremendous confidence as we close our 2019 and prepare for 2020. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Maria. Maria?
Maria Shields: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Now, let me take a few minutes to add some additional perspective on our very strong third quarter financial performance, and provide color around our outlook and key assumptions for Q4. Consistent with our standard practice, my comments will be in terms of non-GAAP, unless I state otherwise. Before we dig into the details, I'd like to point out that we have increased our 2019 guidance, not only to include the impact of our recently closed LSTC and Dynardo acquisitions, but also to take into account the strength of the stand-alone ANSYS business and our improved outlook on the organic pipeline of opportunities. Our record Q3 results reflect continued customer and business momentum combined with solid execution across the enterprise. We finished the quarter with constant currency revenue growth of 19% and operating margin and EPS results that were also above the high end of our Q3 guidance ranges. The revenue performance in Q3 was driven by strong sales execution including a larger dollar value of multi-year lease transaction than we initially forecasted coming into the quarter. This is reflected in the strong lease revenue growth that we reported for Q3 and a continuation of the growth trend that we have seen throughout this year. The combination of our success in delivering on our 2019 financial commitment and the strength of our sales pipeline gives us confidence that we are on a path to continue to execute against our strategic priorities and to deliver another year of record financial performance in 2019. Key financial metrics for the quarter begin with total revenue of $345 million. Q3 ACV totaled $291 million or constant currency growth of 14% with 73% of ACV in the quarter coming from recurring sources. The increase in software lease license sales, combined with strong maintenance renewals, contributed to building our deferred revenue and backlog to a Q3 total of $650 million, a 19% increase over last year’s comparable balance. Moving on to profitability, in Q3, we continue to build on our great first half financial performance with strong top line result that helps to drive a third quarter gross margin of 90%, and an operating margin of 43%. We also reported record third quarter EPS of $1.42, which increased 8%, despite an $0.08 tax benefit in the prior-year quarter related to entity restructuring activities. With respect to taxes, our effective tax rate in Q3 was 21%, and, for Q4, we expect our rate to be in the range of 20% to 21%. Our cash flow from operations grew 9% and totaled $120 million for the third quarter and $360 million for the first nine months. And we closed Q3 with the total $733 million in cash and short-term investments. Now, let me turn to the topic of guidance. We are pleased to yet again increase guidance for the full year, while also initiating our Q4 outlook. First, focusing on the existing business, we have increased our full year outlook to reflect the very strong performance in Q3, combined with positive business momentum and our ability to continue to execute and deliver on our commitments as we look ahead to close out 2019. Second, we've incorporated contributions to our full year guidance from the recent acquisition of LSTC and Dynardo, deals that have both closed in the past week. This includes an incremental $10 million in revenue for 2019, as well as the impacts from both the use of the capital and the issuance of new debt and equity to fund the acquisition. In connection with the acquisition of LSTC, we recently added $500 million in term debt at an initial interest rate of approximately 3% and we also issued 1.4 million shares. Before I get into specific numbers, let me just provide a brief comment with respect to the impact of the ongoing trade discussions between the U.S. and China. Consistent with what we had previously communicated, our outlook for the remainder of 2019 takes into consideration our reduced expectations from China. We are also assuming that the current export restriction and the entity lift will remain in effect throughout the remainder of this year. Moreover, we remind investors that China accounted for less than 5% of our total revenue in 2018 and accounts for approximately 4% of our revenue in the first nine months of 2019. Now, let me move to the details of our outlook. For Q4, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $454 million to $479 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.87 to $2.05. For the full year, we're increasing both revenue and EPS outlook to non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1.490 billion to $1.515 billion or constant currency growth in the range of 16% to 18% and EPS in the range of $6.20 and $6.38. We are also increasing our ACV outlook for 2019 to a range of $1.460 billion to $1.480 billion. This represents constant currency ACV growth of 12% to 13%. With respect to annual operating cash flow we are also increasing the midpoint of our outlook by $7.5 million for 2019 to a range of $485 million to $510 million. Looking ahead the Q4, we're expecting operating margins of 45% to 46.5%. And for the full year, we're increasing our forecast for annual operating margin to a range of 44.5% to 45%. Further details around specific currency rates and the other key assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q4 as 2019 are contained in the prepared remarks document. Just to close this out on the topic of guidance, our outlook for the remainder of 2019 factors in everything that we are currently aware of with respect to ongoing trade discussion, geopolitical situation, and customer sentiment across our geographically and industry diverse customer base. It also reflects continued investments related to several business infrastructure and digital transformation project, increased sales commission and personnel-related costs as well as the financial impact of the two most recent acquisitions. As we look ahead into 2020, I'd like to remind you that our recent Investor Day, I've shared our longer-term financial metrics in the form of an ACV target for 2022. Given the increased variability in revenue under ASC 606 due to the accounting treatment of multi-year leases, we provide ACV as a supplemental financial matter to help evaluate the performance of the business. Coming over the long-term, ACV and revenue lead to the exact same number. However, it is important to know that there will be years where ACB growth lags revenue growth, as we will see in 2019; and other years were ACV growth will lead revenue growth. Consistent with this dynamic, we will continue to encourage you to gauge the operating strength of ANSYS by focusing on our annual ACV performance in addition to our other key financial metrics. In line with our practice from the past few years, we will provide more detailed guidance on 2020 once we finalized our annual planning process and close out 2019. And in summary, we delivered another quarter of excellent financial performance with strength across our key financial metrics: ACV, top line growth, operating margin, EPS, operating cash flow, and deferred revenue and backlog. The strong third quarter and year-to-date results give us confidence that we are on a path to deliver on our increased 2019 financial commitment as well as our longer term 2022 financial target. And, operator, we will now open the phone line to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Talanian: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Maria, could you give us a sense for the inorganic contribution to ACV in 3Q? How you're thinking about for 4Q and how much of the ACV guide increase was organic versus inorganic?
Maria Shields: Yes. So, with respect to Q3, the ACV was you had about 3% to 4% of the quarterly growth was from the acquisitions. You saw we broke out relative to the two new acquisitions were for the remainder of 2019 we broke out separately in the prepared remarks. So, with respect to their contributions, it's about $10 million from those two for the remainder of the year.
Kenneth Talanian: And you're looking at it from a perspective of both revenue in ACV for the $10 million or…
Maria Shields: Yes, yes.
Kenneth Talanian: Okay. I mean just as a quick follow up on that. It looks like LSTC was more in the range of $60 million in terms of ACV. I would have thought the ACV portion in 4Q would be a bit higher than what we're recognizing on revenue?
Maria Shields: It's only two months. It’s only two months.
Kenneth Talanian: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Wong with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Ken Wong: Hi. Good morning, guys. This question is for Ajei. So, we all get asked about the sustainability of the (inaudible) momentum that you guys have been having. Any reason to think that the surge in activity these past 18 months would impact next year’s pipeline and beyond?
Ajei Gopal: Thanks for the question. And so, as you – as I said at the Investor Day, which we had in September, we have started to focus on these larger accounts or these so-called enterprise accounts. And we've increased the of the number of those accounts from just a handful, a little over a dozen a couple of years ago to around 85 today. And as I mentioned during Investor Day, and I think I walked through a case study of a particular customer, which shows how by focusing on that customer as we would with an enterprise – as we do with enterprise accounts, by focusing on the customer, we were able to deliver significantly incremental value to that customer, a customer based upon the capability and the full suite of our portfolio. And that translates into incremental growth opportunity. So, for that particular customer that I walk through, we had a modest growth for a number of years. And then as we started to focus with them on an enterprise account, we grew ACV by about 10% in the first couple of years as an enterprise account. And then, subsequently, we've grown ACV at about 17% CAGR over the couple of years afterwards. And there's still a significant opportunity ahead because of – in the case for that particular customer, there are opportunities of that in a number of other areas. And we're seeing the story being repeated across our enterprise account base. By focusing on the accounts, we can deliver incremental value to our customers, and, of course, that translates to incremental growth. So, that's the dynamic that you're really seeing taking place in our business as we look forward.
Ken Wong: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Saket Kalia: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question here. Maybe for you, Maria, this might be a tough – this may be tough to break out because so much of what ANSYS does is multi-physics. But a couple of the big deals this year feel like they've been geared towards sort of a semi space or have been very electrical tool, heavy. So, I guess, I'm wondering if you could just talk about the general growth in the business maybe segmenting between the electrical portfolio versus all the other physics if that makes sense.
Maria Shields: Yes, Saket, but what I'll say is we don't report on any individual physics family because that's not really the lens through which we view the opportunity. You mentioned in your in your comment about multi-physics and that’s really the strength of the breadth and depth of our portfolio and how we think about our go-to-market opportunity. One data point I'll point you to is the comments that Ajei had in his prepared remarks is that if you think about the large deals in Q3, 80% of those deals included products from four or more major, physics families. So we really are going to market in enabling our customers to solve incredibly complex problems because the problems are really multi-physics and no longer single-physics-oriented.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good morning. Ajei, let me start with you and ask how do you see any or all of your newer businesses being leading indicators of or leading-edge drivers to new business meaning specifically Minerva for SPDM, Granta for materials, and even LS in the mechanical area. Do you see any or all of those, perhaps, becoming the good leading indicators of new business? And then secondly, just a follow up on a comment you made regarding the channel business. It's quite interesting that proportionately it's staying the same in spite of your obvious focus on large deal business. So, what have you done or what do you intend to do to sustain that momentum in an SMB to continue to grow that business particularly from a multi-business perspective and not just a single solver perspective in the SMB market?
Ajei Gopal: So, Jay thank you for the questions. So, if I just focus on the second one for a moment and talk about the channel, you're absolutely right. The channel has grown consistently with the direct business. And as you would imagine, the channel partners, the channel partners tend to – given our go-to-market, some of them tend to be more transactional in nature. It’s smaller deals in nature. Some of them, of course, have very strategic relationships with their customers. It really depends on the channel partners. And as Rick may have mentioned again and during our Investor Day when we were talking about our go-to-market strategy, we continue to invest in the channel partners and we have continued to increase the number of channel partners as well as for the channel partners are seeing significant opportunity. So, they themselves are increasing the number of people within the individual partners of selling our technology. So, there’s more feet on the street in the aggregate from the channel partners selling our technology which typically ends up at a – at sort of these lower transaction levels up. Furthermore, as you know, our go to market is differentiated. And so – so, we have – we have a – an opportunity to yet address the enterprise accounts. But with our momentum motion and our inside sales activity, we can address more of this volume business more of the transactional business. And so, we have – our go-to-market and one of the hallmarks of the state of the business is the fact that we have this pretty sophisticated and well-developed go-to-market that allows us to address needs of the largest customers as well as the more transactional business that we've discussed. And they're both very important to us, and we continue to make sure that we're successful across both of those motions which you saw this year and I made clear in my commentary. With respect to your first question regarding the products, certainly some of the newer products that we have in the marketplace and perhaps some of the acquisitions, you're absolutely correct. Our strategy as I've described is to make simulation pervasive which means we want to make simulation capabilities. We want to inject them into multiple ecosystems into multiple use cases. If you look at some of the work we've done with our platform and in particular with Minerva that allows us to take the ANSYS simulation capabilities and to inject it into other phases of the product lifecycle, and to be – and to drive the broader use simulation and certainly our acquisition of Dynardo fits right into that. So, that gives us access to more customers, helps us solve more problems. And some of the acquisitions that we've done, you mentioned Granta, I think material is a very important aspect of the end-to-end product equation. In many ways, material is a lifecycle unto itself. It's very closely related. It's almost a platform unto itself so it's very closely related to a Minerva activity. But materials gives customers a real understanding of where the true costs are and what the design implications are, and that exposes us at the different levels in an organization in a customer as well as the different sets of customers. You mentioned LSTC, and I was pretty broad in my comments. I think in my script I went through this in some detail. But the fact is that the LSTC technology because of the nature of the technology and because of our go-to-market, we have not been focusing on the core LSTC use cases that like for example automotive crash testing. And now that LSTCand LS-Dyna is part of the ANSYS portfolio, we have an opportunity to position the breadth and the depth of LSTC across industries – of LS-DYNA across multiple industries and by putting our technologies together we think we can solve – we can help our customers really solve the most amazing problem and do so very efficiently. So we're excited about those acquisitions. They all fit with our strategy of pervasive stimulation. They fit with our go-to market and our go-to market supports the acquisitions and then their relationships that these customers have with their own channel partners with their own customers further supports our go-to market. So it's a mutually reinforcing outcome that we are excited about.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Matthew Hedberg: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. There's there's been a lot of consternation over the macro environment but clearly I think the breadth of your portfolio and global diversity was able to offset any of that weakness. In your prepared remarks you talked about China. It seems like that's factored into your guidance. But I wanted to dig in a little bit more in the UK, obviously there’s a lot of questions on Brexit. But then Germany we’ve had some really strong results. So maybe a little bit more on European results relative to sort of that and what's factored into your outlook.
Ajei Gopal: Yes, so as I said in the – and I’ll let Maria also jump in, but as I said again in my script, the second half of the year – I mean Europe had a pretty decent Q3 from a sales activity perspective and the second half of the year in Q4 we're expecting to see – we have some more larger deals in the pipeline. The revenue, when you look at it from a revenue perspective, because of the volatility of ASC 606, you'll see some variations in revenue which may not necessarily align exactly with sales activity. But to give you some perspective as I said, we expect the second half of the year to be stronger in Europe, and with some large deal activity. As I said the Americas have been pretty strong throughout. Asia has been pretty strong. Maria, do you want to add in?
Maria Shields: Yes and I think if you just look at the UK, it’s a comparable. So, it is indicative of what you're going to see relative to some of the variability that ASC 606 introduces depending on the timing of when deal take. So, I would not read into the UK. And as Ajei said, our plan all along as we've been communicated since we first guided on 2019 back in earlier in the year is that the pipeline and the deal opportunities were really back end loaded, and a lot of the those are just aligned with the year-end planning and budgeting cycle of our large customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jackson Ader with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jackson Ader: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. The first thing as a follow-up to an earlier question on LS-DYNA, and Ajei, you mentioned – so you weren't necessarily partnering with them or in the use cases of their traditional craftsman solvers. So, can you just help us maybe understand, if you were to go into an automotive or an area of customer or potential customer and say and look to sell kind of a broad-based deal, what would the conversation actually look like once you came to crash and impact? What was the work-around there previously?
Ajei Gopal: So, thanks for the question. To make sure that you understand the context, our focus, as I said, from a go-to-market perspective was not really on the automotive – on the automotive customers or the automotive crash testing. A lot of that activity was effectively taken by DYNA through some of their other channel partners. And we had (inaudible) throughout the channel partners. It wasn't really a focus of ANSYS. So that wasn't our primary business. And so, in those areas, as you could imagine, because we were – we would partner where we would work with the customer. They would take advantage of the technology – of LSTC’s technology, DYNA, perhaps, working with another channel partner and that's how we would kind of our customer. The automotive crash test use case wasn't really something that we were majoring in, but that wasn't our focus and that wasn't where the ANSYS LSTC business was. And that obviously is an area of tremendous strength for them. And they come with not only amazing technology, but they also come with great relationships and customer relationships in that space.
Operator: Our next question comes from with Richard Valera from Needham & Co. Please go ahead.
Richard Valera: Thank you. Thank you. Good morning. Ajei, based on your prepared remarks, it sounds like you're continuing to see really good demand from the auto industry, but I think a couple of your design software peers have called out at least selective weakness with some of their auto customers. Can you just give us an update on your review of your auto customers and your opportunity in the auto space and your sense of how that's going to look over the next one to two years?
Ajei Gopal: Thanks again for the question. We can – I can address it from the perspective of what we see in the marketplace. And perhaps, I can set the context, as I talked about some of the conversations that we are having, that I personally have had, and certainly our sales people are having with our customers in the automotive space. When you consider the aggregate of what the automotive customers are dealing with, with electrification – and, by the way, electrification is not uniquely something that's being driven by the automotive companies in and of themselves. There's also government regulations and other activities that are driving their desire to meet certain deadlines, and dates, and so forth. But if you consider electrification, you consider the opportunity with autonomy. As just two examples, there is a profound change taking place, and there is a significant level of investment that we are seeing and interest that we're seeing in making sure that they can address these upcoming needs or these upcoming demands for the portfolio. In many cases, a – an activity, a focus on electrification might – isn't just about the battery. It's a much – it's about a broader outcome. Because building an electric car requires different points of optimization than building an internal combustion engine car. The transmit – everything is different or many things are different. And so, there – and that opens up incremental opportunities for us. So, from our perspective, the fact that we've identified electrification autonomy, and we have compelling solutions in those areas in addition to the rest of our multi-physics solution, we believe, positions us very well. Those are growth areas. People are spending R&D dollars in those areas to be competitive in the future. And we have technologies and solutions that addresses those customers. And so, when I talk to automotive customers, the conversation often starts with electrification or autonomy. We may eventually get into other conversations of traditional – that we've traditionally had with them about structural integrity or air flow and combustion in other areas. But, certainly, we start with those areas. And those can – we see those as continued areas of interest for the automotive companies.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Koenig with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Steve Koenig: Thank you. Appreciate the middle initial too. Congratulations, ANSYS, great quarter. I'm going to focus my question here on Maria. So, maybe just some housekeeping first, Maria. Any changes in Q3 duration of contract length and billings terms? And any trends that you might be seeing there? I have a few companies that are seeing more annual billings and less multiyear. And then just, also, can you remind me what approach you're taking to the larger deals, particularly here in Q4? Are they probability weighted? And more generally, what are the puts and takes that you factored into the Q4 guide? Thank you very much.
Maria Shields: Yeah. So, with respect to duration, Steve, what I would say is we're not seeing any extension duration. Just to give you a couple data points, at the end of Q3, if you look at deferred revenue, the current is about 5.2 months, which is about the same as it was last year at this time. The long-term deferred is about two months. And to some of those larger deals that Ajei spoke to in his prepared remarks, those, on average, are two to three-year deals. So, the larger enterprise deals and the strategic accounts, we're still seeing that they are choosing multiyear as opposed to annual. Annual, we are still seeing though in the momentum and the more traditional SMB space. And when you think…
Steve Koenig: Got it.
Maria Shields: About what we are bringing to Q4, obviously, we've got a pipeline. Rick and his team are very seasoned. And so, some of them, they balance some of the risk around holidays and around how many people need to be involved in the approval process and so, we try our best given that the larger these deals get, if one slips to Q1 for whatever reason, it can have a significant impact under ASC 606. So, we try our best to factor in everything that we know about macro as well as individual deals that really could have any impact on the quarter and try to use the best judgment we can when we're formulating our guidance.
Steve Koenig: Great. Thanks, Maria. Congrats again.
Maria Shields: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Oliver with Baird. Please go ahead.
Rob Oliver: Great. Thanks, guys. Good morning. Appreciate it. My question is for Ajei. Ajei, just around Discovery Live, I appreciated your comments relative to the PTC partnership and I know Discovery Live is an important part of your goal to be more pervasive within large accounts. I just wanted to get a sense for the progress of Discovery Live and any early signs on penetration within some of the larger deals. Thanks.
Ajei Gopal: Thanks for the question, Rob. So, again, I hate to go back to the Investor Day but we had a pretty robust discussion about Discovery Live at Investor Day that was about a month ago, a month and a half ago. So, the dynamic remain – remains the same with we’re tremendously excited about the technology. Our customers are excited about the technology. We've got – we've got initial penetration into the enterprise accounts and something like I think 20% of our enterprise accounts in terms of that initial penetration and we continue to develop against an extremely aggressive roadmap. And where – the technology is moving in the right direction. We're excited about adoption. It's just very early in the cycle of the product. It's a brand new product. It's creating a category in a marketplace that historically relatively conservative in terms of adoption of new technology. So, as we've said repeatedly, it will take time for this product to develop. But all indications so far are positive and we are excited about where we are in the marketplace with this essentially breakthrough technology.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew DeGasperi with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew DeGasperi: Thanks for taking my question. I guess I wanted to switch gears into HPC. I think at the Investor Day you mentioned 100 customers on Azure. And I’m just wondering if you're thinking about opening that up to other hyperscalers?
Ajei Gopal: Thanks, again, for the question. Yeah. So we have – our technology is able to work across the different providers and we're not tied to any individual cloud provider. That being said the answer is cloud itself is running on Azure, but we have the capability to run on any type of provider.
Andrew DeGasperi: Got it and then maybe just a quick comment on PTC acquisition of (inaudible) Does that mean anything in terms of your relationship with them on Creo?
Ajei Gopal: Well, I mean, I think that firstly, I think it’s tremendous technology and capabilities from what we understand. Obviously, we're not in that space and we're not in that market so I can't really – I don't really have – we don't have a formulator opinion per se on the technology. But from everything that we've seen it's amazing technology. It's a great – it's a great product. And it's certainly as PTC absorbs as I think they just closed the acquisition a few days ago. As they absorb this we'll continue to have discussions and conversations with PTC about our relationship and how our relationship broadens to take into account whatever changes they may have made to the portfolio. But that being said, PTC has an aggressive roadmap with respect to Creo Simulation Live. They continue to see traction in the marketplace that we've talked about. And then I talked about that Jim Heppelmann has talked about in his calls. And they have a robust roadmap that includes that includes the next generation of CSL. So, for example, I think in next year or March of 2020, they're going to expand to include CFD use cases from where they currently are. And that obviously expands the applicability of Creo Simulation Live. So we're very excited about the relationship with PTC. We think that they're executing as they need to. And obviously, we'll continue to discuss with them as they start to absorb the terrific Onshape acquisition.
Operator: The next question comes from Tyler Radke with Citi. Please go ahead.
Tyler Radke: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping that you could just expand a little bit upon your commentary and expecting strength here in Q4 in Europe. I think a lot of companies have called out kind of the opposite with some of the macro challenges, but is there a specific end market or vertical you're seeing the strength? I know you had a pretty large deal with a large automotive company over there last quarter. You’re kind of expecting the strength to continue from that market, or is it more across the board?
Ajei Gopal: So, yes, we obviously – my comments are based upon our understanding of our pipeline. So it's not – it's not a general comment about macro conditions. It's very specifically about our pipeline. So perhaps our pipelines are different from other vendors’ pipelines and that might account for the differences that you're pointing out. That's point number one. With respect to your second question about is any particular area, again my expectation is that we will see next quarter along the lines of where we've seen in the past in terms of the split across industry verticals. So we're not seeing a particular vertical change dramatically. And it's highly unlikely that these changes are going to happen in a month over month as we look at the end of Q3 to the early part of Q4. As you can imagine, many of these customers who are in our pipeline for Q4 have been in our pipeline for some period of time. These are not new deals that come into the pipeline in Q4 and close in Q4, especially these larger deals. And so, we have pretty good visibility and a finger on the pulse of some of those deals. We're not expecting any profound change in the industry verticals as we look forward to Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Schappel with Benchmark. Please go ahead.
Mark Schappel: Hi. Good morning. Congratulations on the nice job in the quarter. Ajei, question on Dynardo. I was wondering if you could just provide a couple of real world examples of how you expect customers to use the solution.
Ajei Gopal: Hey, Mark. Thanks so much for the question. So, as I said Dynardo is a process integration and an optimization tool. And their flagship product is something called optiSLang, which is essentially a design optimization solution. And so, the idea is as a designer you can provide – you can try to solve for a multi-objective optimization problem. So you can establish a set of boundary conditions and use cases and you can use Dynardo to drive the simulation to get to an optimal point where you're trying to get to with sensitivity, reliability, design capabilities, and so forth. So you can drive that optimization and you can you can use line to be able to change these simulation flows so you can automate the design space exploration. So effectively, what it's allowing you to do is very rapidly chain together different elements, different simulation elements, solve for a point of optimization that you're trying to get to in an automated way and that allows you to reduce development time and of course it can accelerate product design. So that's the nature of the technology and – engineers will use it to try to rapidly get to a conclusion that they're trying to drive but it drives an enormous amount of simulation, it triggers off an enormous amount of simulation in order to get to that design point.
Mark Schappel: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Borg with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Adam Borg: Great. And thanks for taking the questions. I just have two quick ones. First, just it's great to see continued momentum with you called out three eight-figure deals. Any way to quantify the type of (inaudible) you're seeing in total contract value of these deals versus these deals previously? And then secondly just on the motor-CAD OEM relationship, really interesting, what led you to look to OEM CAD software around electric motor design and are there other areas to OEM, other types of CAD software as well? Thanks so much.
Maria Shields: Yeah. So with respect to your first question, yeah, relative to the largest accounts I would say double-digit growth, absolutely, especially as we expand our footprint across more users and more applications. And with respect to the OEMs, we've been OEM-ing and partnering not just with CAD players, but with many other technology companies throughout our history. As you heard, LSTC as an example, has been partner of ours for 25 years. And we've got others and the Motor-CAD design opportunity was just one that – where we've got a used case scenario with common customers and it made sense for them to be able to leverage their technology and our global go-to market.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. And just to amplify what Maria said, I mean with Motor-CAD, that technology helps us in the electrification space. And we talked about electrification as being one of the important growth drivers. And they've developed upfront design capabilities that are in the area of electric machines. And that integrated with our technology will really allow these electric machine designers to rapidly – yeah, to be able to build the – to build electric motors and machines more quickly. So, to give you an example, they can do things like fast thermal analysis from their front-end. So, it's a more -- it's a pretty sophisticated technology. It couples electromagnetic thermal mechanical modeling capabilities. It's really designed for the rapid design and deployment of electric machines across these different operating conditions. And what we can do is dovetail our technology really nicely in -- with what they have. So, our customers can benefit from a more streamlined electric machine workflow.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, operator. So our strategy which is to make simulation pervasive is working as evidenced by another quarter of double-digit revenue and ACV growth combined with best-in-class margins and continued strength across the business. That, coupled with the exciting opportunity to unite the incredible technology, talent, and customer relationships of LSTC and Dynardo with our global distribution platform and resilient business model, gives us confidence for the future. Our continued focus on execution, our investment in the business, and a healthy sales pipeline provide a solid foundation for us to deliver another year of record financial performance. And they set the stage for us to execute against our recently announced 2022 financial targets. I want to thank my ANSYS colleagues from around the world for once again delivering these outstanding results. And with that, I'd like to thank you for listening and please enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ANSYS' Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, Chief Executive Officer; Maria Shields, SVP and Chief Financial Officer; and Annette Arribas, Senior Director, Global Investor Relations. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Arribas, for some opening remarks.
Annette Arribas: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks document have been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all the key financial information and supporting data relative to our second quarter financial results and business update, as well as our Q2 2019 outlook, and the key underlying assumptions. I would like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance, as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. During this call and in the prepared remarks, we'll be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. Please take any reference to revenue to mean revenue under ASC 606. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures under ASC 606 is included in this morning's earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. In closing, I would like to remind everyone that our 2019 Investor Day will be held on Thursday, September 12th in Pittsburgh, with a reception and technology showcase event the evening before. Further details around location, logistics, agenda and registration can be found on our IR website. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, Annette, and good morning everyone. Q2 was another record- setting quarter for ANSYS. We surpassed the high end of our guidance in revenue as well as earnings per share, setting new Q2 records in each category. Our ACV growth was excellent coming in at mid-teens for the quarter in constant-currency. Based on our outstanding financial performance, and the strength of our pipeline, I'm excited to announce that we are raising our 2019 revenue, EPS and ACV guidance for the second time this year. Maria will provide the details shortly. Our success over the past several quarters is due to a number of factors including our strategy of making simulation pervasive across the product life cycle, that strategy is driving more simulation and therefore larger deals. We are operating across two vectors to increase the size of our deals. First, by enabling deeper penetration of a single physics through new use cases and users; and second, cross-selling our broad multi physics portfolio to help customers address modern product challenges. Let me give you an example of the first vector. In Q2, we closed a $49 million deal, the third largest in our history, with a South Korean high-tech leader, this, the largest single physics deal in our history demonstrates that we can significantly increase the size of our transactions with the power of our gold standard solutions. Moving to the second vector, as products become more complex, companies are increasingly addressing product challenges that involve multiple physics. That creates significant opportunities across our market-leading multi-physics portfolio. In Q2, we closed a large multi-physics deal with a U.S. Department of Defense prime contractor. In addition to our flagship physics solutions, our materials intelligence solution from this year's Granta Design acquisition coupled with the additive manufacturing applications built on a foundation from the 3DSIM acquisition were key considerations in the deal to help them modernize their workforce and accelerate the development of complex systems. This is just one of many examples that demonstrates our technology leadership and the broad moat that separates us from our competitors. On the partnership side, I was excited to discuss our alliance with SAP and the value that we are jointly bringing to customers during a presentation at SAP's Sapphire Now Conference. During the conference, we heard how SAP's Predictive Engineering Insights Enabled by ANSYS has helped the customer to streamline its order timeline from months to days. SAP representatives also joined me during June's Paris Air Show where we showcased the benefits of digital twin technology with leaders from the aerospace and defense industry. Our partnership with PTC where ANSYS Discovery Live has been embedded into PTC's new Creo Simulation Live is also gaining momentum. During its most recent earnings call, PTC reported that it had closed 76 transactions with an average deal size above the previous quarter's level. Our two companies collaborated at the defense contractor I mentioned earlier resulting in PTC landing the largest ever Creo Simulation Live deal and the ANSYS team closing a substantial Discovery Live order.  That contractor is noteworthy because it intends to deploy both Creo Simulation Live and ANSYS Discovery Live to potentially thousands of users across multiple business units. That demonstrates the opportunity for Discovery Live at some of the largest enterprises where it complements traditional simulation and CAD offerings and drives even more value for users. Staying with Discovery Live for a moment, I'm excited that this new product continues to garner accolades from the market as well as the media. The most recent recognition was from Fast Company, which in its September issue named ANSYS as one of the 50 best workplaces for innovators for our development of this groundbreaking product. In past earnings calls, I've highlighted specific products or solution areas in the ANSYS portfolio. For example, during our Q1 call, I spoke about how our gold standard solutions like ANSYS HFSS and ANSYS RedHawk are driving success in their respective markets. In Q2, I'd like to highlight the ANSYS Solutions that are making autonomous vehicles a reality. With an estimated $7 trillion impact on the global economy by 2050, the financial implications of autonomous vehicles are considerable and will dramatically impact OEM's and the entire supply chain. Given the sophistication, complexity and safety critical nature of these products, it is clear that they cannot be developed without the extensive use of simulation. As a result, we are seeing increased interest from automotive OEMs, A&D companies and their entire supply chains to make these next-generation vehicles a reality. And while there may be speculation around the timing of when truly autonomous vehicles will take to our roads and airways, the simulation work around autonomy is paying dividends in the form of ongoing improvements in vehicle safety, features and efficiency. ANSYS' best-in-class multi-physics products coupled with leading technologies that we've obtained through our recent acquisitions including Medini and OPTIS are enabling automakers and aircraft manufacturers to virtually test their products to ensure safety and reliability for these future transportation systems. In Q2, we announced a landmark deal with automotive leader BMW to create what we believe to be the industry's first holistic simulation tool chain for developing autonomous vehicle technologies. The tool chain will optimize valuable test data by providing a development framework around rigorous safety planning, efficient test space exploration and data analytics in a virtual driving environment. Using this solution, the Company expects to launch its highly automated BMW iNEXT in 2021. As part of this agreement, ANSYS will also assume exclusive rights to the BMW developed portion of this tool chain for commercialization to the wider market. Autonomy will affect multiple industries, including automotive and aerospace and defense. In Q2, we also announced an agreement with Airbus Defence and Space, which will use ANSYS SCADE Solutions to enable safety critical controls with sophisticated artificial intelligence with the goal of fully autonomous flight by 2030. Airbus plans to use our solutions to link traditional model based software development with new AI based workflows. Their goal is to drive the development and certification of drone flight control software to accelerate time to market and cut associated expenses. We further expanded our product leadership in the simulation of autonomous systems with the Q2 release of ANSYS 2019 R2. In R2, we've expanded the capabilities of our VRXPERIENCE Driving Simulator to prepare advanced scenarios and run simulations with complete and accurate multi-body vehicle dynamics. This innovation is already being used by automotive leader Renault to reduce physical testing, shorten time to market and ensure safety for its autonomous vehicle initiative. R2 also dramatically enhances capabilities crucial to the design and analysis of RADAR used in autonomous vehicles. Our new innovation around Accelerated Doppler processing provides more than a 100x speed up for the time it takes to simulate radar systems. This new breakthrough capability delivers gold standard accuracy and enhances collaboration between radar sensor designers and the OEMs that incorporate the sensors on vehicles. Autonomous vehicles have the potential to fundamentally reshape the way we think about safety, mobility, land use and our environment. With our powerful multi-physics solutions and partnerships, I am excited that ANSYS is well positioned strategically and can play a role in making the dream of autonomous vehicles a reality. This represents a significant long-term market opportunity for ANSYS. Switching gears, I'd like to welcome Lynn Ledwith as our Vice President of Marketing. Lynn has more than 30 years of experience and brings an outstanding track record across digital and field marketing as well as corporate branding. She has held marketing leadership positions at Worldwide Clinical Trials, Qlik Technologies, SunGard, Siemens and HP amongst others. Lynn brings a fresh approach to how we market that will open new avenues to build demand and to branding. In summary, I'm proud of what we've accomplished in Q2. Our excellent financial performance coupled with the increased functionality of our gold-standard solutions and our ability to help customers take advantage of megatrends like autonomy, electrification, 5G, IoT and others, give us confidence in our ability to achieve our goals for the remainder of 2019 and beyond. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Maria. Maria?
Maria Shields: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Ajei shared a few highlights from our Q2 results and now let me take a few minutes to add some additional perspective on our very strong second quarter financial performance and provide color around our outlook and key assumptions for Q3 and the remainder of 2019. Consistent with our standard practice, my comments will be in terms of non-GAAP unless I state otherwise. Our record Q2 results reflect continued strong customer and business momentum, combined with solid execution across the business. We finished the quarter with constant-currency revenue growth of 23% and operating margin and EPS results that were both well above the high end of our Q2 guidance. The revenue performance in Q2 was driven by strong sales execution, including a larger dollar value of multiyear lease transactions and the closing of a few deals that were originally forecasted to close in the second half of the year. The combination of our strong second quarter and first half results, which have been driven by success, most notably in high-tech, automotive and A&D and the strength of our pipeline, gives us confidence that we are on a path to continue to make progress against our strategic priorities and to deliver another year of record financial performance in 2019. Key financial metrics for the quarter begin with Q2 ACV of $326 million or constant-currency growth of 14%, and total revenue of $370.5 million. Key currency exchange rates were within the ranges that we provided with our Q2 guidance. The increase in software lease license sales combined with strong maintenance renewals contributed to building our deferred revenue and backlog to a Q2 total of $717 million, a 22% increase over last year's comparable balance and a new record Q2 high. The exceptionally strong topline results helped to drive a second quarter gross margin of 91% and an operating margin of 46%. We also experienced a slightly slower pace of hiring than we had planned for the quarter. That being said, we did increase our employee base by approximately 100 employees in Q2. It's our intention to continue to execute on our hiring plans throughout the second half of the year. We reported record second quarter EPS of $1.61 benefiting from the revenue overperformance and representing growth of 19% over Q2 of 2018. With respect to taxes, our effective tax rate in Q2 was 19%, which was slightly below the range that we had guided coming into the quarter. Going forward, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 20% to 21% for Q3 and 20% to 20.5% for the full year. Our cash flow from operations totaled $89 million for the quarter and $240 million for the first half and we closed Q2 with a total of $632 million in cash and short-term investments. We repurchased 80,000 shares during the quarter, which leaves us with 3.5 million shares available for repurchase under the current authorized program. Now, let me turn to the topic of guidance. Coming off our exceptionally strong finish in Q2, we are initiating guidance for the third quarter and increasing our revenue earnings and ACV outlook for 2019. Before I get into the specific numbers, let me just provide a few comments with respect to the impact of the ongoing trade discussions between the U.S. and China. I'd like to remind everyone that in 2018, our China business accounted for less than 5% of our total annual revenue. And point out that our increased outlook for 2019 does take into consideration our reduced expectations from China. Now, let me move to the details of our outlook. For Q3, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $320 million to $340 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.15 to $1.28. For the full year, we are increasing our outlook to non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1.460 million to $1.500 million or constant currency growth in the range of 14% to 17% or 15% at the midpoint and EPS in the range of $5.98 to $6.28. We are also increasing our ACV outlook for 2019 to a range of $1.440 million to $1.475 million. This represents constant currency ACV growth of 10% to 13%. Our outlook for the remainder of 2019 factors in everything that we are currently aware of with respect to ongoing trade discussions, political situations and customer sentiment across our geographically and industry diverse customer base. It also reflects additional spending in the second half related to several business infrastructure and digital transformation projects, increased sales commissions and hiring costs that were delayed from the first half's hiring shortfall. With respect to annual operating cash flow, currently, we are maintaining our outlook for 2019 in the range of $470 million to $510 million. I would like to remind everyone that our outlook for operating cash flow in 2019 includes higher tax payments that relate to the acceleration of lease license revenue and the related profitability under ASC 606, including additional tax payments relating to the strong Q4 finish in 2018, and the first year impact of the acquisitions that we closed earlier this year. Looking ahead to Q3, we're expecting operating margins of 39% to 40% and for the full year we're expecting a slight uptick in operating margins in the range of 43.5% to 44.5%. Further details around specific currency rates and other key assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q3 and 2019, are contained in the prepared remarks document. The key takeaway from our Q2 and first half results is that our strategy to make simulation pervasive is working as evidenced by double-digit growth on both the top and bottom lines and strength across the business. Part of our confidence behind raising our guidance for the remainder of the year is based upon the continued momentum that we see from our diverse customer base. We believe that the megatrends that Ajei mentioned along with industry-wide recognition that simulation can drive a competitive advantage for our customers are bolstering demand for our products and services. We remain confident that our continued focus on execution and investing in the business, combined with the ongoing growth in our recurring business, our strong customer relationships and healthy sales pipeline, provide a solid foundation to continue to deliver on our 2019 goals, as well as our longer-term 2020 financial targets. Operator, we will now open the phone lines to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Ken Wong with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Ken Wong: And another great quarter. On the topic of China, could you tell us whether or not you guys saw any immediate impact in Q2. And then as we look ahead, you mentioned in - you guys have factored in some conservatism in guide. Any chance you guys can help quantify what that headwind is. And as far as kind of recent headlines, obviously there's a lot of currency headlines right now, was that also already considered in the outlook?
Maria Shields: Yes. So, Ken, I'll take that. Yes, we did see a little bit of positive impact from the China situation in Q2, which helped to drive some of the overperformance in revenue. That being said, it wasn't material to the quarter. We have factored in a reduction in our expectations from the China business in the second half. I would say somewhere in the $5 million to $10 million range. And yes, the - what transpired relative to currency is all factored into the outlook that we gave last evening in our earnings announcement.
Ken Wong: And then maybe - for Ajei. You mentioned the large single physics deal, the $49 million multi-year deal. When you think about kind of similar type transactions in the past, is there an opportunity to turn this into a multi-physics type of a transaction and typically what kind of uplift, something like that deliver in terms of future results?
Ajei Gopal: Yes, there is - there is always an opportunity for us to convert single-physics deals into multi-physics deals. Obviously some of it depends on the use cases some speaking in generalities, but it depends on the use cases of the customers are half of a specific application, but I said in general, as I said in the call, we're trying to expand deal sizes, not only by focusing on single-physics, as is the case with this one, but we're also trying to drive the multi-physics cross-sell across the organization. And those two work together. So even as we deepen single-physics, we're continuing to look at broadening the multi-physics and even in the organization, which has a multi-physics sales there is opportunities to deep individual holding. So they're both kind of working parallel with each other but absolutely, it's the basis of our ability to drive larger deals.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Good morning. Ajei. Two questions for you. You noted the strength in high-tech, which is quite evident. And we're also seeing momentum the aero and auto. But you do seem to be see not quite the same growth in industrial equipment for the last couple of quarters or more, perhaps you could talk about that end market and what you're thinking is for the intermediate term, in terms of the industrial market showing some improved momentum that's a shorter-term question. Long-term question, at the Design Automation Conference two months ago in Las Vegas, ANSYS Management, including the new CTO, gave a very interesting presentation on ANSYS' long-term technology vision and there were references for example to things like new computational methods in new business areas, collaboration in cloud, services-based architecture including interestingly at least for me SPDM services. So the question is with regard to that technology vision, how is that today in forming your internal investments in R&D and perhaps even in sales and marketing to effectuate that longer-term vision.
Ajei Gopal: So let me start with the second question first. As you know, we at ANSYS fight ourselves on the nature of our technology, the accuracy of our solutions and the effectiveness that we have in bringing new ideas and new technologies and new techniques to market, and we continue to make investments. And obviously, Jay, what you're referring to, and what you saw, is a glimpse into some of the work that we're doing within our organization to continue to drive innovation, you mentioned the cloud, obviously, we continue to make investments in the cloud, we continue to drive product - product capabilities in the cloud. We have most recently an announcement, I think a couple of quarters ago, for ANSYS' Cloud, which is obviously driving - which is driving Cloud usage as well as of course HPC usage within the traditional data center. We've talked about investments that we're making in computational techniques that result in faster speed up of our algorithms, we continue to make investments, in fact I referred to one of those investments we were able to get 100x speed up in some of our capabilities in my script. So I think that there is a significant amount of investment that we're making in a different set of vectors you mentioned, componentized architectures and that obviously reflects the next generation as we invest in our platform activity. We have an industry-leading platform in the form of ANSYS Workbench and we continue to make investments in that technology as well. So there is a number of different investments we're making in machine learning, artificial intelligence, big data analytics, all of which we think support our business and make us most successful. So that's obviously the case, and you're seeing some of that and I'm glad you were able to look at that presentation. As far as the industry verticals are concerned, what I'm excited about of course is the growth that we're seeing in the high-tech markets, aerospace and defense and automotive and all of these areas are drive - there is a significant level of industry focus on those areas and frankly those constitute tailwinds that are driving the growth of our business and we're excited about the activity that's taking place, and the activity that's taking place really permeates the entire supply chain an. And in many cases as you know, when we think about the end markets we refer to customers where they belong even though from an electronics company might be supplying other companies elsewhere in the supply chain as well. So I hope that I answered your questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Pfau with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Matt Pfau: I just wanted to get some additional detail on how you're driving deeper penetration with single physics products within your customer base, and I guess I'm trying to understand, are you gaining additional business units, are you getting new types of engineers to use ANSYS or are they competitive displacements some additional detail there would be helpful. Thanks.
Ajei Gopal: So usually what happens is, firstly, obviously two vectors, one, is there more users using the technology and there is more usage of that technology and that might be in more use cases that may be in more complex products that require greater amounts of simulation. Our sales team is engaged with the customers, we try to understand the nature of the technologies, the nature of the problems they are trying to solve. And we are obviously effective in positioning simulation as the way of being able to address some of that challenges. And so as they take on more and more different products, in some cases across different departments, across different parts of the organization, the success that we are enjoying in one part of the organization starts to become infectious across that organization. And so I think that that's one important dimension. The other thing to realize is as products become more complex, the amount of simulation required to validate or to effectively launch those products increases and that requires more - more simulation to be run. So that's greater use of HPC, high performance computing and that translates obviously into ultimately more business for ANSYS, and so it's more users, it's more use cases, it's more HPC, all of which drive to use within a single physics. And then of course as I've said before, problems tend to be multi-physics in nature for - especially for larger companies that are looking at season and broader products and in that case, we're able to then leverage single-physics into a multi-physics sale.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jackson Ader: This is Jackson Ader on for Sterling this morning. If you could just touch maybe going back to industries. If we take autonomous driving out of the automotive sector, how does the, maybe traditional simulation in the automotive space, particularly in the U.S. look, in the first half of 2019 and then for the second half?
Ajei Gopal: So when we think about the automotive industry, the two broad trends. I would say are perhaps addressing and changing the way that the automotive industry thinks the first is electrification and the use of electric power to drive these cars. And the second is - the second is autonomy and the use of - and the creation of safer and smarter cars leading ultimately to autonomous cars. And both of those are massive - there is massive levels of investment in both of those areas. And if you have a conversation with an automotive company, those two areas tend to be huge areas where they're spending - they're spending money, they're retooling, they are trying to make sure that they can stay ahead as the industry goes through this transition. So those remain big, but at the same time car companies are building cars, so they're still worried about the fundamentals that they've worried about for many years, which include how do you deal with - how do you deal with structural analysis and integrity, but to give you one example; the problems of structures and vibration analysis and noise is an area that we've been in for a number of years, we've helped customers solve that problem. Well, when you move to an electric car that problem becomes even more pronounced and so what might have been okay with an internal combustion engine, which was drowning out the noise in a car is no longer okay, when you're dealing with an electric car which might be much quieter. So the problems that they're dealing with and they're trying to solve in some cases are even more complex because of this new technology. And so, absolutely, we see an ongoing demand for simulation to be used, not only where it's historically been used, but also for these incremental new use cases like electrification and autonomy. The other thing that I would draw your attention to is materials, I mean companies are starting to look at the use of different materials and understanding the role of materials and the nature of the interaction between the materials they use and the outcome that they get, that's also important. And of course that's where some of the acquisitions and technology that we got through Granta come into play a role. So when I think about the automotive industry, every single one of our technologies and techniques whether it was original ANSYS Mechanical which was the heritage and the foundation of the Company to the most recent acquired technologies that we have, are all relevant for the automotive industry and are solving problems that are absolutely pertinent and center for them being successful as they go forward in the industry.
Jackson Ader: One quick follow-up for you, Maria. Just on the cash flow. I think we want to make sure we're clear. So the - are these large lease deals that you signed in the first half or particularly in the second half, are they leading to larger tax payments than you previously contemplated and that's why the operating cash flow guidance has remained unchanged?
Maria Shields: No. So just to be clear, that deal was actually in our forecast, it wasn't an outlier. But that being said, as we began to articulate in Q1 that under 606, no doubt the tax payments have increased. So as a result, the combination of the increase in tax payments under 606 as well as about a 2% headwind for the full year and the dilutive impact on cash flows from the acquisitions that we did earlier in the year, all lead to us deciding that it's probably prudent not to take up the cash flow guidance until we get a sense of the timing around closing of those larger deals in the second half to see whether or not they will impact 2019 cash flows or move into Q1 of 2020.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ken Talanian: I was wondering if you could give us a sense for how are you thinking about organic ACV growth for the remainder of the year.
Maria Shields: Yes, I would say the impact - the inorganic impact of the acquisitions that we did this year are about 3%. So the remainder is all organic.
Ken Talanian: And then Ajei, it sounds like R2 offers a more integrated workflow than available before. Could you discuss were you're more broadly in terms of technical integration for both your existing products and recent acquisitions?
Ajei Gopal: Well, as you know, we've had a strategy for a number of years that we've been executing against to integrate our products together through the ANSYS Workbench and that continues to be - that continues to be the strategy, it was a very innovative solution that make - that made simulation dramatically easier, and it gave us a framework and a mechanism by which new technologies could be integrated together. And frankly, our strategy continues to be to drive that level of platform integration both through Workbench and as I said earlier, we continue to invest in our ongoing platform work to componentize the platform to make it easier for people to drive that level of integration, because we believe an open strategy here is in the best interest of ANSYS and our customers. So we define APIs, we allow third-parties to integrate in, we certainly integrate our technologies together when we define workflows and we continue to do that and that's part of the strategy that we've had for a number of years, of course, we continue to increase our level of investments in that. When you think about some of these next-generation challenges that we're addressing with our customers, I mentioned electrification, I mentioned autonomy, 5G, et cetera. These are also intrinsically multi-physics solutions, which require an integrated workflow and we're able to position and provide those to our customers as well, based on the integration work we've done across our products.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Steve Koenig: Perfect, thank you very much. Hi ANSYS, congratulations on a great quarter.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you.
Steve Koenig: I got one for Maria, and a follow-up for Ajei, if you don't mind as well. So for Maria, we've been hearing from some other companies about maybe selected weakness in certain countries, maybe towards the end of the quarter and in some - some sort of kind of non-linearity from some people in certain - certain countries. Did you see any pockets of weakness or was everything pretty much good across most every country and how did your linearity look like?
Maria Shields: Yes, so I would say the linearity was about the same as we've experienced throughout 2018 and Q1 of 2019. I can't speak to any specific country that we saw weakness at the end, obviously the tariff situation in China, but we've got enough resiliency in the model from our geographic and our vertical distribution that - that we were able to execute against our forecasts, and closed successfully. And as you saw, each of the major geographies delivered double-digit constant-currency revenue growth, so we feel good about our execution in Q2, and obviously as we've taken up our guide on all of our key metrics for earnings, ACV and revenues for the full year, we still see a lot of momentum and we've got a healthy pipeline. So now we just need to focus on execution for the remainder of the year.
Steve Koenig: And for you, Ajei. Could you give us some color on the Discovery Live activity that you're seeing and like what's the value proposition for Discovery Live and maybe distinguish that from the value prop or the situations in which you're selling as part of the PTC CAD workflow.
Ajei Gopal: The value proposition for Discovery Live is really unchanged from what it's been and what I've described in the past, namely Discovery Live offers an individual a very quick way - a real time way of getting a directionally accurate solution in - or an analysis of a particular problem that the real-time nature of Discovery Live is what makes it so valuable and the fact that make it's so intuitive to use and so easy to use, is what makes Discovery Live accurate. Now, we found - we found that there are use cases certainly, where customers or users are completely new to simulation, we'll see the benefit of use of Discovery Live and there are - we have cases where that's the case. And we also have other cases where Discovery Live is being used by much - by people who are much more adept, who have used simulation in the past, in fact are able to use the ANSYS flagship tools as part of their day-to-day work, but by using Discovery Live to give them a directional idea of where they need to apply deeper levels of simulation. And obviously as I said, the value proposition for Discovery Live is it gives them that immediate - it gives them that immediate feedback without having to do the deeper analysis. And then they can use that immediate feedback to figure out whether they should start looking to do deeper analysis. So we see both of those kinds of use cases. Certainly, when you think about enterprise customers, you see exactly that because there are people in within larger enterprise organizations who are users of ANSYS and you see people in there who are taking advantages of relive who are not currently users of the ANSYS suite but take advantage of Discovery Live to give them insight simulation-based side. Now as far as the co-existence with PTC and - is concerned, as an example in CAD or in general with CAD. There is a cadre of users who are using CAD from their vendor. And what we are in a position to do in that model with PTC of course is to make Discovery Live capabilities visible to the CAD user natively. So someone was those laying out of CAD design will be able to use the PTC Creo simulate live solution to be able to quickly iterate and that gives them obviously an integrated workflow within the PTC solution and so that's an advantage. But there are also users, as I pointed out in the case of the defense DoD contractor that I referred to in my script. There are also users who are not currently CAD users. And we have a situation where, in that case where the customer made a decision to purchase both Discovery Live, as well as PTC Creo simulate Live. They are trying to strategically drive upfront simulation across the supply chain, both internally and externally, and what they want to try to do is to get every single engineer to be able to run their own simulation, whether they're a simulation expert or not, so that they can get to more rapid and informed decisions early. And as I said in that situation, we expect to see potentially hundreds or thousands of engineers across multiple business users - taking advantage of simulation, some case there'll be CAD users using the PTC solution, in some cases, they won't be CAD users they will be taking advantage of the Discovery Live solution. And of course, if a customer is using another CAD solution, we have natural interconnections between Discovery Live and the other CAD Solutions, where you have the ability to take advantage of both technologies in parallel.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tyler Radke with Citi. Please go ahead.
Tyler Radke: So I am free to ask question here. You touched on China and obviously you sounds like you didn't see much macro weakness broadly in Q2. I guess my question is, you seen any changes here in the first month or five weeks since you've closed Q2 and how are you just thinking about the ability to close large deals in the second half of the year relative to the first half, just given a potentially weaker macro backdrop? Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: I mean, I think the Maria’s comment actually said - said it very clearly. We have looked closely at our pipeline and given where we are. The guidance that we're giving takes into account everything that we understand about our pipeline and what we understand about the macro and the situation and the trade discussions between the U.S. and China, as well as the broader macro. So we are in a position, our guidance is based on what we know now and what our analysis is based upon the circumstances that we see in the market today.
Tyler Radke: And then you talked a lot about kind of some of the autonomous and electrification trends, in the autos and high-tech end market in addition, you talked about 5G. I guess just how far do you think we are through that opportunity, is this the multiyear opportunity to come or how are you thinking about just - where we are through the various stages of that? Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: All of the ones that I mentioned, autonomy, electrification, 5G, IoT all of these I think are very early in their development. We think were broadly very early in their development. We certainly see customers who will make significant levels of investments in this over multiple years as products get better and better, and as technology starts to improve. Certainly in the case of Autonomous, as I mentioned, and I alluded to, I think in my script. I don't think you can get experts to agree on when the Level 5 full autonomy is going to be ready in the marketplace. Some people will say sooner or some people will say later, but the fact remains that on the path towards Level 5 full autonomy there are all kinds of innovations which are being created that will make vehicles better and safer and even partial autonomy starts to significantly improve the safety capabilities on the road. And simulation plays a significant role. So this is a multiyear journey that the industry is on, where simulation is going to play a huge role in autonomy. And I would make the observation of course that it’s not just in automotive, it's aerospace, it's other industrial equipment. I think I talked in an earlier conference call about undersea equipment as well, so an autonomous submersible. So there are all kinds of areas where autonomy is applicable and there continues to be enormous amounts of work ahead of us as an industry. Similarly for electrification, I could go through it in similar detail and equally for 5G, equally for IoT, all of these are major, major mega trends that we believe to be multi-trends trends that are frankly driving the growth of our core business. And so, I think we're in a very enviable position as a company to have a core business that's in a very strong and actively growing part of the market and with products that are leading edge products to be able to address customers' problems in these multiyear mega challenges that they're facing.
Operator: And our next question comes from Gal Munda with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Gal Munda: So the first one is just for you guys in terms of the ability to forecast those large deals that are coming in. Now you've had the fourth deal above $30 million coming in less than a year and a half. What have you learned from those deals and what is - when you look at your pipeline and the potential for those deals to close, kind of, towards the end of the year but even going forward. Are you able to say more is it more confident in kind of having the ability to predict when those deals might close considering the fact that we've only really started a year and a bit ago?
Ajei Gopal: I think that - anytime you're looking at pipeline and trying to predict exactly what happens in the pipeline, especially for some of these larger deals. It varies on an individual customer by customer basis. We're not assuming, we obviously the ANSYS business if you think about the overall volume, we do have a certain number of large deals and larger customers. But of course we have a large amount of the business that's much smaller more transactional in nature. And obviously that's easier to predict because we know we have a law of large numbers of volumes working as when we're dealing with be the more transactional piece of the business. For the larger deals of course we understand exactly what the customer problem is. We know what the value proposition is. In many cases we've been working with the customer for a while, we understand the challenges that they're dealing with. And we understand the compelling event that's driving them to spend the money with us. They're trying to make a particular product launch. They're trying to get some particular technology out to market. They are trying to compete in a different way in the market. All of these are major drivers and they're spending money with us to help achieve these business objectives. And so, when we link these business objectives with our understanding of the value that we can provide, and we put it together, given the nature of the relationships we have with some of these customers. We can predict and we factor that in, into our prediction of the pipeline. So it's a more - it’s a thoughtful analysis of where we are and that results in the guidance obviously that - we give to you guys.
Gal Munda: And then just as a follow-up, got a question on Discovery Live it seems like from both commentary around you and what PTC has said recently it's getting more traction definitely. We understand that there is nothing material in the numbers, especially for this year. But could it become more material driver of growth in let's say, a year or so. Do you have expectations for that, did you think that Discovery Live will take another few years in order to really ramp up in terms of the volume to move to the needle?
Ajei Gopal: Yes, we will obviously be able to give you a longer discussion during Investor Day when we’ll talk a little bit more about Discovery Live and the technology, but I think a quick way to think about it, Gal is that in our industry, our customers tend to be quite conservative. And even for a breakthrough product like Discovery Live, our internal expectations are that it will take time for customers to take advantage of these technologies. And so, as you rightly point out, it's not really a material part of our business as we think about it this year or in the short term. So we'll give you more insights, perhaps be able to address these questions and others during the Investor Day presentation in a couple of months. Next month.
Operator: And our next question comes from Adam Borg with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Adam Borg: Regarding services, so it's great to see the continued strong services momentum as you sell a broader platform to customers. Are you just curious about your plans to continue getting partners involved with services and how sustainable the recent trends in the 30% to 40% growth is?
Ajei Gopal: So one of the areas, one of the reasons why customers are looking to ANSYS on more services is that they've got to solve some of these more complex problems were able to help them understand using services capabilities, using our services capability, how to solve some of these next-generation problems. So they're looking to solve some of these complex problems, reaching out to us to help them to do that. And that's where we provide services. But as you know, our business model is not to be a services company, we are a software business and yes, services is not a big portion of our business and it's not going to be a big portion of our business, going forward. Our plan is to, our plan is to work with - continue to work with third-parties and partners as appropriate, and we're continuing to evaluate third-parties to take to take on responsibilities to some of these newer solution areas that customers are looking to. And we will continue to drive our investments in our business where services drive license revenue. So that's the way you should think about the services business, and obviously, we don't see that services ratio really changing as a percentage of our overall revenue in the term.
Adam Borg: And maybe just a quick follow-up for Maria. Could you just remind us for what the percentage of lease deals are that are one-year versus multi-year and what's the average duration for the multi-year deals? Thanks.
Maria Shields: Yes, we don't bifurcate between one year and multi-year. Today, the one-year tend to be at the transactional level and the multi-year obviously tend to be at the enterprise and strategic level. And the second part of your question?
Adam Borg: Duration.
Maria Shields: Duration hasn't really changed. I'd say those multi-year deals still tend to be between two and three years.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Nate Hitchcock: This is Nate Hitchcock on for Rich, thanks for taking my question. Thinking about the simulation tool chain tech with BMW, other release note that ANSYS will assume exclusive rights for commercialization and where we were wondering, if you've begun marketing this product, marketing this tech to other auto OEMs or if you can share anything regarding vision or plans in this space. And then I do have one follow-up.
AjeiGopal: We will talk more about autonomy in general perhaps at our Investor Day and you'll have a chance to understand a little bit more about half the technical detail about what we're doing in autonomy in general. But no in ANSYS, direct answer your question that we're not marketing that externally at this point of time. We are working with BMW as they lead up to be to the launch of the BMW iNEXT which is expected to launch within the next - with the next couple of years.
Nate Hitchcock: And then also in 2Q we saw very strong revenue year-over-year growth and other Asia Pacific up 74% constant currency. And considering the following the prepared remarks regarding some of the second half deals closing earlier ahead of schedule, we're wondering if some of the strength and the other Asia Pacific geography as a result of company is buying ahead due to trade relations or if you can provide really any additional detail here?
Maria Shields: Yes, I would say it was driven by two things. Yes. Some companies buying ahead, but that was a smaller portion. The other was the large transaction that Ajei referred to in his prepared remarks. So the impact of both are what drove the performance in those numbers that you referred to.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: When I look at Q3 guidance for operating margins, it kind of suggests 400, 500 basis points of operating margin compression. Can you just talk about some of the investments we plan making or at least the increase in spend just a little more color.
Maria Shields: Yes. So I would say first of all, it's lower revenue is really the primary driver. But no doubt if you heard my commentary in my remarks, we are in the second half contemplating, continuing to hire and making up for some of the slower pace in the first half. We've got a number of digital transformation projects underway that we will continue to invest in heavily across the business. And of course the impact of the acquisitions that we closed earlier, so a combination of all of those, or what's driving the operating margin outlook for Q3 and the remainder of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Simmons with RBC. Please go ahead.
Robert Simmons: So like you just mentioned, you've been behind on your hiring both Q1 and Q2, sort of a few questions on that. Are there particular areas that you're behind on or is it kind of across the board, and then kind of what's the bottleneck? 
Maria Shields: Yes, it's across the board, as I spoke on the last earnings call Q1 was a combination of not only, I'll call it a challenging hiring environment and that's not just a domestic issue that's really globally. But that was also impacted by, as you can imagine, when you do two acquisitions in a quarter before we just keep the hiring pipeline open, we take a look at the new talent that is joined ANSYS to see if there is opportunities to fill open positions and to broaden some of our new teammates responsibilities. So that slowed down some of the activity in Q1. As I said, we did hire 100 people in Q2 and the reality is we are going to continue to aggressively pursue our hiring plans throughout the remainder of the year, and we are recruiting for physicians across the business. So there is no single function or part of the business that's disproportionately impacted. It's really across the business and it is a more challenging hiring environment than we've seen at least, I've seen in at least a decade.
Q – Robert Simmons: And then, are you seeing turnover, you be liquidating rising or is that been pretty steady. And are you seeing wage demand is growing up or is it just harder to find people?
Maria Shields: Yes, no, we still got single-digit turnover, so we are able to retain, but it is the recruiting efforts that just takes longer. And as you can imagine, sometimes when you have very highly talented employees who go to their existing employer and announce they are going to be leaving, their existing employers are getting more aggressive relative to what do they have to do to retain those people. So it's tricky. We're continuing to find people as you also know, we are looking for highly selective candidates in what we're hiring for. So it's not always easy to find them. But we are confident that we can continue to attract and retain our talent as we've done for almost 50 years now.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Ajei Gopal for any closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: I thank you all for your questions. Before I sign off, I'd like to once again thank my colleagues at ANSYS as well as our channel partners around the world for all of their hard work and their efforts that are leading to our success. Thank you all so much. And for the rest of you, thank you for joining the call and please enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to ANSYS' First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, Chief Executive Officer, Maria Shields, SVP and Chief Financial Officer and Annette Arribas, Senior Director of Global Investor Relations. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Arribas for some opening remarks.
Annette Arribas: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks document have been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all of the key financial information and supporting data relative to our first quarter financial results and business updates as well as our Q2 2019 outlook and the key underlying assumptions. I would like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information, unless we do so in a public forum. During this call and in the prepared remarks, we'll be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures under ASC 606 is included in this morning's earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. As we previously communicated, now that we are beyond the first year of adoption of revenue recognition under ASC 606, we will only be providing financial results and outlook under ASC 606. I want to highlight that any comments made relative to revenue growth rates will be comparing 2019 to 2018 results under 606. In closing, I would like to announce that our 2019 Investor Day will be held on Thursday, September 12th in Pittsburgh, with a reception and technology showcase events evening before. Further details around the location, logistics and the agenda can be found on our IR website. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajei Gopal for his opening remarks. Ajei.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, Annette and good morning everyone. Q1 has given ANSYS an excellent start to the year with strong results across our key performance metrics. We exceeded the high end of our revenue guidance by delivering constant currency revenue growth of 16%. Our operating cash flow was robust increasing 14% year-over-year, and we reported record first quarter EPS of $1.29. To reflect the momentum across our business, I'm pleased to announce that we are raising our full year guidance. Maria will provide further details. Our financial success is propelled by our unique multi-physics portfolio and our drive to make simulation pervasive throughout the product lifecycle; a distinct combination that helps our customers solve their most complex product problems. In Q1, we enjoyed success across most of our industry verticals with particular strength in the high-tech sector. Given the unique challenges that high-tech companies face and with our growing momentum in that sector. I would like to highlight ANSYS' value proposition to those companies and some of our successes in the vertical. The high-tech industry stands at a crossroads thanks to mega trends like 5G, AI, autonomy, electrification and datacenters. Those trends coupled with intense competition across the verticals are spurring customer innovation that's driving even higher demand for multi-physics simulation. And that's why hundreds of high-tech leaders including the vast majority of the top companies in semiconductor, smart devices, telecommunications and datacenters are using ANSYS to address many of their product challenges. For example, customers are increasingly relying on ANSYS' unique solution set to make 5G a reality. 5G networks require an unprecedented number of base stations creating more complex connectivity, energy efficiency and thermal management challenges. Our solutions help users examine the performance of the base station in large scale environments to ensure connectivity is maintained while base station placement is optimized. Combined with our chip package system workflow, we can help customers tackle the critical power and thermal management issues on a single platform. In Q1, we closed a deal with an Asian telecommunications company to design and analyze the 5G networks they're building. The company is using ANSYS solutions to increase the performance of antennas in their base stations to accommodate the higher frequencies inherent in 5G communication. After a head-to-head comparison this telecom customer chose ANSYS because of our complete multi-physics simulation platform. Solutions that help our customers grapple with the complexities of mega trends like 5G are based on our market-leading portfolio including gold standards such as ANSYS HFSS and ANSYS RedHawk-SC. ANSYS HFSS enables users to design and simulate high frequency electronic products such as antennas, microwave components, high-speed Interconnects, IC packages and PCBs. With its unmatched accuracy, the modern architecture of HFSS empowers users to solve complex electromagnetic and electromechanical problems across hundreds of cores and enables customers like Samsung, Nvidia and Ericsson to develop amazing products. We continue to extend our leadership with HFSS through our recent releases as well as through strategic acquisitions. in Q1, we released our EMI Scanner which is new functionality in HFSS to quickly identify areas of potential electromagnetic interference on PCB designs prior to simulation. This helps customers to eliminate errors, while speeding time to market. And as we discussed on our last call, we further expanded our leadership in the electronics industry in Q1 with the acquisition of Helic, the industry-leading provider of electromagnetic crosstalk solutions, for systems on a chip. The acquisition of Helic, combined with ANSYS' flagship electromagnetic and semiconductor solvers provides a comprehensive solution for on-chip 3D integrated circuit and chip package system electromagnetics and noise analysis. Reaction has been overwhelmingly positive with industry leaders praising us for combining the best technology for off-chip electromagnetics in HFSS with the most innovative on-chip electromagnetic technology in Helic. DfR Solutions, our latest acquisition, which closed this week, is helping customers address their product challenges by ensuring the reliability of their electronics. DfR Solutions is the leading provider of automated design analysis software and comprehensive services for electronic components and material supply chain. DfR bolsters our electronics reliability capabilities with an automated designer level solution to quickly and easily analyze the potential for electronics failures and I'm excited to welcome the DfR team into the ANSYS family. Moving to our semiconductor solutions, ANSYS RedHawk-SC is the world's first purpose-built Big Data system for the semiconductor industry. And I'm proud to say that 100% of our 7-nanometer base is using RedHawk-SC which is undefeated in all head-to-head technical benchmarks our customers and foundry partners recognize that ANSYS is accelerating its leadership in chip package system multi physics with innovative new products like RedHawk-SC with integrated workflows using our flagship solvers such as HFSS and with our targeted technology acquisitions. TSMC, the world's largest semiconductor foundry has recognized ANSYS with Partner of the Year Awards in each of the last three years. And in Q1 they certified our semiconductor solutions for SoIC advanced 3D chip stacking technology. Our work on developing solutions for the high-tech industry is paying off. In Q1, Seagate Technology a world leader in precision-engineered data storage and management solutions, entered into a multiyear enterprise agreement expanding the use of ANSYS simulation software worldwide. Demands on Seagate development teams are increasing. Reaching capacity performance and environmental goals on schedule increasingly requires more simulation across all engineering disciplines. ANSYS solutions deliver technical and business value helping Seagate maximize data potential. Similarly, LG Electronics also into new enterprise agreement with ANSYS to help support the company's continued commitment to delivering highly innovative mobile devices, home entertainment and appliance applications to customers worldwide. LG expects this expanded access to our multi-physics suite to drive innovation, shortened product development cycles, and accelerated product design. Moving away from high technology, we have seen considerable traction with another recent acquisition, Granta Design, the premier provider of materials information technology. In early Q2 ANSYS closed the largest deal in Granta history at a leading aerospace company to enable materials intelligence and material data management across the organization. This deal was made possible by the combination of Granta's mission-critical technology, the long-standing relationship the customers had with ANSYS and their confidence in ANSYS' ability to successfully integrate Granta. We're also enjoying success with our key partnerships for example, our award-winning Discovery Live solution, which brings real time simulation capabilities to design engineers is reaching new audiences, thanks to our partnership with PTC. During Q1 PTC released Creo Simulation Live embedded with ANSYS Discovery Live technology. During its earnings call last week, PTC reported that it already booked deals with 70 customers. As previously discussed, we expect the near-term financial impact to be immaterial, but we see upside in the longer term. Similarly SAP showcased its Predictive Engineering Insights enabled by ANSYS solution at the Hannover Messe Industrial Fair in Germany. Their Design to Operate demo featured an automated fluid handling system designed by packaging and bottling machine manufacturer Krones which showcased digital twin capabilities enabled by ANSYS. And just recently SAP enhances highlighted joint success with a leading air compressor company using the SAP ANSYS solution. The company is able to streamline its customer delivery time from months to hours by eliminating the need for engineering teams to perform detailed technical customization and analysis work. Predictive engineering insights empowers field-based sales teams to save critical time and engineering resources. With our strong Q1 financial results, our continued momentum in high-growth industry verticals such as high-tech, our investment in leading technology and our focus on expanding the value from our partnerships and our acquisitions, we remain confident that we will achieve our goals and objectives. Like our customers we're focused on innovation, on solving the toughest problems and on delivering results. We believe this is a winning combination and our performance speaks for itself. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Maria. Maria?
Maria Shields: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Let me take a few minutes to add some additional perspective on our first quarter financial performance and provide color around our outlook and assumptions for Q2 and 2019. Consistent with our standard practice, my comments will be in terms of non-GAAP, unless I state otherwise. The strong Q1 results reflect solid execution across our business combined with a steady customer demand environment which yielded revenue, operating margin and EPS, all well above the high end of our Q1 guidance. Our excellent start to the year is quite encouraging when considering the Q1 2018 comparable in which we reported double-digit ACV growth and strong earnings. Key financial metric begin with Q1 ACV of $303.5 million and total revenue of $319.9 million or constant currency revenue growth of 16%. I will add that the key currency exchange rates were within the ranges that we provided with our first quarter guidance. The increase in software lease license sales combined with strong maintenance renewals contributed to building our deferred revenue and backlog to a Q1 total of $673 million, representing a 13% increase over last year's first quarter balance. During the quarter, we continued to manage our business with fiscal discipline which yielded a very strong first quarter gross margin of 91% and an operating margin of 43%. Margins were positively impacted by revenue results finishing well above the high end of our revenue guidance, as well as a slower pace of hiring than we had planned coming into the quarter. The pace of hiring was most notably impacted by the integration activities of both the Granta Design and Helic acquisitions during the quarter, as we added approximately 200 talented employees to our team. We also saw the continuation of the tighter labor market, particularly for highly skilled positions. We reported record first quarter EPS of $1.29. With respect to taxes, our effective tax rate in Q1 was 21% in line with the range that we had guided coming into the quarter. Going forward, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 21% to 22% for Q2 and the full year. Our cash flow from operations totaled $152 million, a 14% increase over last year's Q1 and we ended the quarter with a total of $608 million in cash and short-term investments. The operating cash flows in the first quarter positively benefited from the very strong Q4 ACV finish in 2018. In line with our capital allocation priorities, we repurchased 250,000 shares during the quarter at a total cost of $45 million. We have 3.6 million shares available for repurchase under the current authorized program. Now let me turn to the topic of guidance, coming off our strong finish in Q1, we are initiating guidance for Q2 and increasing both our revenue and EPS outlook for the full year. This increase reflects the solid financial performance in the first quarter combined with our confidence and continued positive business momentum for the remainder of the year. Our updated outlook reflects the minor contribution of the DfR acquisition that we closed yesterday. Let me also add that currency exchange rate changes did not contribute to our increased guidance. For the second quarter, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $325 million to $345 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.18 to $1.30. For the full year, we are increasing both the revenue and EPS outlook the non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1,430 million to 1,480 million our constant currency growth of 11% to 15% and EPS in the range of $5.75 to $6.10. We are also increasing our full-year ACV outlook to $1,425 million to $1,470 million. This represents constant currency ACV growth of 9% to 12%. With respect to annual operating cash flows, we are maintaining our outlook for 2019 in the range of $470 million to $510 million. I would like to remind everyone that our outlook for operating cash flow in 2019 includes higher tax payments that relate to the acceleration of lease license revenue and the related profitability under ASC 606, including additional tax payments in 2019 relating to our strong 2018 finish, as well as the first year impact of the acquisitions. For modeling purposes, we're expecting second quarter operating margin of 39% to 41% and for the full year, we continue to expect operating margins of 43% to 44%. Further details around specific currency rates and other assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q2 and 2019 are contained in the prepared remarks document. In closing, we are very pleased to start the year with excellent first quarter financial and operational results. Another quarter of delivering on our financial commitments combined with the exciting opportunities to continue to leverage our incredible technology, talent and customer relationships gives us confidence that our focus on execution and investing in the business combined with the strength of our recurring business and growing sales pipeline, provide a strong foundation to deliver on our 2019 goals as well as our longer-term 2020 financial targets. Operator, we will now open the phone lines to take questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ken Wong with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Wong: Hey, thanks a lot. Maybe first question on my end. Last quarter you guys touched on a heavier seasonality in the back half of the year, specifically Q4. Just wondering based on what you've seen in Q1 and the expected pipeline, how is that looking, is the magnitude even greater? And then perhaps and then a follow-up on Discovery Live, just wanted to understand how the PTC partnership differs from what you guys are seeing in terms of customer engagements?
Maria Shields: So Ken, I'll take the first part of the question relative to the seasonality for 2019, as I had said on the last call, we see 2019, very similar to 2018. Back-end loaded and a lot of the large multiyear transactions are in the Q4 queue right now. So everything is going as we had mapped it out and it's just a lot of those larger deals aligned with customer yearend budgeting and spend. And so they're just aligned with a larger second half.
Ajei Gopal: And then with respect to the PTC partnership, we are very excited about the PTC partnership. I think it's going well. We announced the partnership, as you know, in June of 2018. And they released Creo Simulation Live, which is Creo embedded with ANSYS technology in Q1. And they've created essentially a solution that adds simulations into the CAD environment. And so engineers can see the real-time results of simulation in the CAD environment that allows them to make the kind of trade-off and design changes, they need to early in the design process. Based on what they said during their investor call they've closed 70 CSL deals in Q1, essentially across all geographies, industry verticals, both direct and indirect and they've built a promising pipeline for future quarters. And we're excited about the option pattern, and that's consistent with what we've seen which is customers will use the technology and then start to broaden. They've also announced that they're going to be back porting CSL to Creo 4, which is essentially where a larger portion of their installed base, primarily their enterprise customers are, and that will allow them to benefit from upfront simulation. So I think it's going well. We're excited about that and the relationship is strong.
Operator: The next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good morning. Maria, let me start with you, on the call a quarter ago you anticipated that you would add about 300 employees for the year. And I think that did not include Helic and Granta. You've grown 300 thus far for the year, 200 of which was from the acquisitions. So you are about a-third of the way it seems towards your hiring goal for the year. Does your guidance anticipate that you will hit your hiring objective and you - in fact a record number, which seems of technical consulting and support openings right now, could that be some factor as well in terms of you have being able to sustain the numbers for 2019. Then a technology question for Ajei, maybe to prognosticate, a little bit about the evolution of the industry, there is considerable attention, as you know, being paid to generative design which is neither CAD nor simulation. It's some of each, and it's more than just a tool to process. As that becomes more and more adopted - as I expect it will, how do you think that affects your business, the role of simulation or multi-physics simulation? And maybe tie that also into your larger SPDM strategy, if you could? Sorry for the long question.
Maria Shields: Okay. So Jay, I'll start on the hiring. Yes. As you heard in the prepared remarks, we had planned and we are still planning for roughly 300 net new, not including the impact of Granta and Helic. That being said, as you heard in my earlier comments, the two acquisitions in the first quarter, as you can imagine, slowed some of the original plan down. But we did add net about 130 additional employees onto the ANSYS roster in addition to the 200 plus from Granta and Helic and it is our anticipation that over the remainder of the year that we will see organic hiring increase over the pace of the year and that's what's built into our guidance for the remaining quarters.
Ajei Gopal: And Jay, just to briefly touch on generative design. We are very excited about the direction that the industry is taking in generated design. We think that's an opportunity for us to increase the penetration of simulation into the marketplace, because as you think about generative design, the improvement of a design continues to require rapid iterations and simulation. And so where historically simulation might have been someone, an individual creating a design and then subsequently validating it in the world of generative design. And frankly in the world that we're talking about, where more people are creating technology and creating products, the opportunity for simulation to provide that rapid feedback to both human beings as well as provide guidance as you start to think about a generative kind of solution, it makes sense. It drives the use of simulation. So we're very excited about our position in the marketplace, we think that generative will be another driver of the use of simulation and then you think that's completely consistent with the product strategy that we are driving. What we doing and things like SPDM allow us to continue to manage the huge amounts of simulations data that's being generated. Obviously, with generative design there will be more simulation data. So this is completely consistent with the direction that we're going and frankly we're very excited about it.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Talanian of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ken Talanian: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I guess from Maria. What was your constant currency, organic ACV growth in the quarter? And then could you give us a sense for how you're thinking about the inorganic contribution to revenue for the remainder of both '19 and as you think about hitting your 10% plus target in 2020?
Maria Shields: So Ken relative to ACV, basically it is organic. There was only about $3 to $4 million from the acquisitions to ACV. So the majority of the ACV growth is from the organic business. And with respect to 2020, we have not changed our outlook on 2020 from what we said in Investor Day relative to, we are still targeting double-digit growth and industry-leading margins in the 43% to 45% range.
Operator: The next question is from Matt Pfau of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Matt Pfau: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to follow up on the PTC partnership and I realize it's still pretty early there, but if you can just talk about with what you've seen so far, do you think similar partnerships like the PTC one would make sense to pursue and are there other ones out there that you could pursue? Thanks.
Ajei Gopal: So we certainly are excited about the PTC partnership. They have been good partners and we continue to support them. The opportunity that we see obviously is for designers to be able to take advantage of simulation, not just experienced analysts or designers to take advantage of simulation and frankly we believe in an open ecosystem. So no matter which CAD solution someone's using, we're perfectly content and delighted for those customers to take advantage of the CAD capability from any vendor and to take advantage of ANSYS simulation. But obviously with PTC, we have a tighter relationship with PTC's OEM-ing our technology and integrating it directly into Creo.
Operator: The next question is from Rob Oliver of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Rob Oliver: Hi, guys, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Ajei, this is one for you. Just as a follow-up to the last question, so you when you got here you embarked upon a pretty bold strategy on the partnership side, you mentioned 5G comms obviously you guys have always been strong in semiconductors. Maybe you can talk a little bit about some of the potential other areas within partnership potential? And then I had a quick follow-up on Discovery Live unrelated to PTC? Thanks.
Ajei Gopal: Just on the partnership question, just to clarify what specifically are you asking me to comment on. Please?
Rob Oliver: Yes, just getting a sense for, you guys have expanded your go-to market through partnerships pretty markedly and wanted to get a sense if there were other specific areas where you saw opportunity. I realize it's a bit of a follow-up to last question. Thanks.
Ajei Gopal: Sure. So the strategy that we've articulated is one where simulation becomes pervasive throughout the product lifecycle. And what we mean by that is that anyplace where a product is being touched, whether it's in the inception phase, whether people are thinking about a product in the ideation phase, whether it's the deep design, whether it's manufacturing and things like additive manufacturing, whether its operations, whether it's in the product itself. We believe that simulation can play a role. Because frankly an understanding of the physics of the product and understanding of how the product could operate or will operate or is operating is very important for customer value and customer benefits. So we see simulation as playing this much deeper role across the product life cycle. Now historically, we've been in a particular part of that product lifecycle, which has been in the tail end of the design process for validation or for sign off and increasingly as you see from the strategy that we've been pursuing, it's to make simulation available in multiple places. Now the way we doing that is obviously we have our own go-to-market, but we're also looking at those areas where others have a very strong presence and we're integrating our technology into others who have a strong presence on a particular workflow and that's one of the reasons why when you think about the EDA space for example, we are partnering with Synopsys, where Synopsys is taking our technology and integrating it into their products as part of the workflow. We're partnering with PTC it because they have a presence in the CAD space, we're partnering with SAP as you start to think about operations. And so the way you should think about our partnering strategy, it's driven by the ability to work with industry leaders who are in their space, who are key providers of a workflow or a capability at some point in the product life cycle. And since we have an open strategy, our intention is to be able to integrate with their workflows and let our simulation capabilities to be present in their product offering, in their solution offering and obviously they're taking it to market through their channels, through their re-sellers and so forth. So we see this as a win for ANSYS and that's a strategy that we've been pursuing and that's the strategy we will continue to pursue.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Koenig of Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Steve Koenig: Hi, ANSYS. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about large deals in the quarter and the context here being the year ago quarter maybe remind us that the $50 million deal a year ago. How much of that was impactful to ACV? And what did you have this quarter in terms of very large deals that might have moved the needle if you can provide any qualitative color there? And if I may, I do have one housekeeping type question for Maria and that is, if we were to calculate bookings under 606 is that comparable to the 605 calculation, we performed a year ago. I know you don't know my calc but I'm just talking about the change in the total backlog plus revenue, are those things comparable?
Maria Shields: Yeah. So let's start with respect to the year ago quarter. If you recall, that was a quarter in which we did announce at that point in time, the largest deal in the company's history and ACV would have been a-third last year, a-third in Q1 this year. And then, and then a-third next year at the 3-year anniversary of that deal, so a-third of the deal went into this quarter's ACV result. As you know, we moved away, Steve, from bookings just because it's a much more volatile metric then ACV. But there should be no difference between bookings under 606 or 605.
Operator: The next question is from Rich Valera of Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Question for you, Ajei on the sales force on yourself and Rick Mahoney took over about the same time since then you've made a lot of structural and capacity additions to the sales force. Just wondered if you can give kind of an update on where you are in that sales force transformation and what's on the to-do list for 2019 as far as continuing to add capacity and make any perhaps structural changes there? Thanks.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. So when I came on board and certainly Rick came on board shortly after I did, our focus was on looking at the go-to market to try to figure out how we could optimize the go-to-market. And the model that we were dealing with earlier was I would see a more - it was a model that was relevant for an earlier time in the ANSYS lifecycle and was more of a one-size-fits-all in terms of how we address the market opportunity. Today what we have is a more differentiated go-to-market, where we take advantage of a direct sales force to go after the large deals and the larger territory deals. And we've done some channel, to be able to have the channel focus on more of the volume business. And then of course we also have some inside sales activities. And so there has been a pretty significant, as you point out, change in our go-to-market, which has allowed us to continue to grow our business across a number of different dimensions. We've also continued to make investments in our ACE organization or our technical sales organization and that's of course helped overall. And our channel partners, have also continued to blossom. We've brought more channel partners on board and they've continued to bring on more ACE capacity or technical capacity as well, to be able to support customers. So that's the journey that we've been on, that's a journey that obviously is an ongoing journey. We continue to make refinements to that model and we will continue to continue to do that this year through next year and beyond. But the basic bones that we've talked about, have been put in place and now we're starting to think about how we would optimize within that structure, in some cases, does it make sense to have some particular vertical focus in certain areas and those are the kinds of questions that we're exploring. But again, we have a very enviable business model with within ANSYS and that's on the back of the kinds of products and capabilities that we have and the customer relationships that we've been able to maintain and that's something that we hold very dear to us and so our go-to market model and the changes that we make will support that and we're not planning on doing anything to disrupt our go-to-market capabilities.
Operator: The next question is from Jason Celino of KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead.
Jason Celino: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question this morning. One question back on ACV guidance you are raising your current constant currency outlook by 1 percentage point. Can you maybe go into more details, what gives you confidence to increase modestly here?
Maria Shields: Yeah, I would say, as I said in my earlier commentary Jason; one, the performance in Q1 and the strength of the pipeline and the deals that we're seeing that the teams are working on. So we see a lot of interest from our customers, particularly in some of the key areas that Ajei mentioned in his commentary. And we don't see that slowing down. So we are excited about the opportunity we see ahead for 2019 and we're going to spend all of our time focusing on executing and delivering.
Ajei Gopal: And if I can just add to what Maria said, she is absolutely correct. I mean if you start to spend time with our field organization. I spent a fair amount of time out in the field with customers as well and with the organization, you get a sense of the strength of the pipeline and obviously we are very excited about the capabilities that we can provide. I've talked about some of them in my script. I mean we have conversations with companies where we talk about things like say autonomy electrification for example in the auto industry. Those are conversations, which are much deeper and broader than conversations that we may have had with similar companies in the past. Similarly in the electronics space that I talked about in my remarks earlier and other industries and that's because of the capabilities that we're able to provide is because of where the industries are right now and because of the nature of solutions that we can point to. So the pipeline is looking strong. We're excited about where we are. This is always a back-end loaded year as we had indicated earlier, there's a lot of activity in Q3 and Q4. But we are confident that we have visibility into that. And we understand how to land our business. So we're excited about the year.
Jason Celino: Great, thank you.
Operator: The Next question is from Ross MacMillan of RBC. Please go ahead.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks so much. Ajei just, on the large deals you mentioned Seagate and in the release you talked about LG, were they both in the quarter and were they both multi-year, and I'm just curious, your indirect revenue spike so was there some impact from a partner on one of those deals that would be great. Thanks.
Ajei Gopal: I think the answer was - I think it was a yes to answer all your questions. So yes, there was, those were in the quarter. Those were multi-year deals. And yes, there was some impact of partner activity in our indirect number.
Operator: The next question is from Saket Kalia of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Saket Kalia: Hi guys, thanks for taking my questions here. Maybe first for you, Maria, just picking up on the last topic a little bit more broadly. Can you just talk about the mix of long-term deals in the quarter? And I guess the reason why I asked this, of course 606 we're going to see some differences in sort of revenue versus arguably the cleaner metric of ACV. Can you just talk about that delta and growth between revenue growth and ACV growth this quarter?
Maria Shields: Yeah. So, Saket. I think in our comments you picked up the unique disparity that comes from 606. And the reality is under 606 our results are going to be very impacted by the size, the duration and the timing of those multi-year lease deals. This is the first quarter where you can actually see a comp under ASC 606 for both Q1 of 2018 and 2019 and going forward depending on where those deals land, you'll see some disparity between the growth rate in revenue and the growth rate in ACV. They won't always be moving in the same direction. There will be periods where ACV will outpace revenue growth. So I wish I could explain with certainty, how it's all going to roll out, but I think the most important thing that we've been communicating is the focus on the annual results will be much more meaningful than the volatility that you'll see in the quarters, Q1 being a perfect example.
Operator: The next question is from Adam Borg of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Adam Borg: Great, thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe Ajei, just talking big picture on ANSYS Cloud obviously, it's still really early and as you think about bifurcating both the down market and up market, are you expecting more percentage of use cases that come at the lower end of the market or bursting at the upper end and potentially even a replacement overtime as on-prem hardware gets depreciated?
Ajei Gopal: It's a hard question to answer in terms of exact predictions of what's going to happen. There clearly is value proposition for smaller customers who don't have an investment in the data center to take advantage of, sort of, the native HPC capability that we're making available through ANSYS cloud, native to the cloud. So with the ANSYS cloud solution that we've just released, most recently in Q1, we have an offering that essentially has the following capabilities that I think are really important to your question. The first is that it allows for high performance. It's essentially building on the investments that we've made in HPC and we are providing a compute optimize cloud infrastructure that's configured and optimized for ANSYS solvers and so essentially, any customer can take advantage of ANSYS solutions at scale than in the public cloud, because of the work that we've done. And then the second piece that makes it important is that the ANSYS Cloud is accessible from within ANSYS products and so someone can be sitting there at a screen working with an ANSYS product and then immediately take advantage of the cloud. So it's completely seamless. And of course since we are running on the back end on Microsoft Azure, in this case, it gives global access and best-in-class security. So we've made essentially the experience of using cloud drop-dead simple and it's as easy as it needs to be. And of course with the on-demand licensing that we can provide, the pay-per-use licensing that gives them. That's a third way to complement traditional leases and paid up and that give them flexibility of usage, so given the performance, given the access given the flexibility that we have with our ANSYS Cloud offerings. We would expect the opportunity for customers - for customers to seize the opportunity both large as well as small, small customers who don't necessarily have any infrastructure. Obviously, they'll be excited and interested in that. But equally large customers for project-oriented work when back-end HPC resources aren't available. We've seen interest from large customers as well. So we expect both of those to continue. I couldn't tell you where demand is going to be higher or lower, but we certainly see demand across both of those segments for the reasons that I've mentioned.
Operator: The next question is from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi guys. You mentioned the strength in multi-year leases, I wasn't clear. I didn't hear. Is there been any noticeable change in duration. And maybe just a reminder, what are you seeing as the average length of these multi-year deals?
Maria Shields: Surely. There's been no change in duration and typically two to three years, some of the larger deals tend to be three years and some of the, at the strategic tend to be two years, but there has been no significant change in the go-to-market or duration.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then one follow-on question Ajei, Cadence announced an electromagnetic solver, what appears to be coming into one-year core pillars of strength. What are you seeing in terms of the competitive landscape? And do you think this is going to be the beginning of others that tried to go after those or adjacent marketplaces?
Kenneth Wong: So thanks Sterling. I mentioned I talked a little bit about HFSS in my script, but perhaps - since you asked the question, it's worth emphasizing. A couple of points. The first thing to understand is ANSYS HFSS serves as an important and growing market and is the gold standard. It is the industry-leading product. HFSS solves some of the most complex electromagnetic problems spans a vast number of industry then it covers both the RF and ESI space. So this includes problems in high-growth areas that range from radar in autonomous vehicles to phased array antenna for 5G telecom to IC circuits frankly that are in all manner of electronics products. So it's no surprise to us, and it's no wonder that other vendors, want to compete in this growing space. But the point is competing isn't that easy. We are today, the leader in this space and we've been the leader for almost three decades and customers have trusted HFSS for decades to solve their most complex problems and they continue to place that confidence in ours. Our technology, with references in tens of thousands of peer-published IEEE publications, we are absolutely justified in saying that we're the industry's gold standard and we've been able to maintain our leadership because we've continued to make significant investments in HFSS over the years and the product today incorporates breakthroughs in both methods which is studying the physics as well as in processing sort of the computer science. So to give you some details, customers trust the accuracy of HFSS because of our technology leadership and one example is in the area of automatic adaptive mesh refinement, which provides accurate consistent and repeatable answers within an air tolerance that's specified by users, and this is the cornerstone required for predicting accurate answers. And frankly, why so many global customers trust HFSS to solve their electromagnetic challenges. HFSS today is available, of course, on-prem for customers to use within their own data centers, but it's also available in the public cloud, and this month natively on Azure with the ANSYS Cloud offering that I just talked about. To give you some perspective of performance, in a recent benchmark HFSS solved in IoT PCB using a 128 cores, which is a pretty typical customer configuration 128 cores, resulting in a 40x speed up versus one core and so to put that in perspective that's approximately an hour versus approximately 40 hours and that's impressive and it's also important to note that as per the previous comments I made about cloud, that the cloud will democratize that scalability and it will make it available for every single customer. And then we've introduced some technology that reduces RAM consumption by a factor of 3. So in the customer benchmark that I just mentioned, RAM usage went down 176 gigabytes to 64 gigabytes, again significantly. Improving solve efficiency. HFSS is a great product that serves customers around the world in an attractive market. The competitive moat around the product, the competitive moat around HFSS is it's broad, it's deep and it's filled with hungry alligators PowerPoint presentations are easy, products are hard.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason Rodgers: Yes. I wondered if you could talk about the decline in EMEA for the quarter. It was due strictly to tough comps or are there any other factors involved, and if you are satisfied with the performance there?
Maria Shields: Yes, Jason. It is exactly what you mentioned it was - if you recall last year EMEA grew in double digits, it's just the timing of some large deals that were in Q1 of last year that did not repeat this year. So we are very excited about our EMEA business and our EMEA team.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ajei Gopal for closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, operator. Given the strength of our Q1, our robust pipeline of direct channel and partner-driven deals and our partner leadership across physics, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our goals and objectives. ANSYS is well positioned to broaden our market opportunity and to extend our leadership in both the near-term as well as in the long term. That confidence is made possible due to the tireless work of customers, partners and of course my ANSYS colleagues. Thank you all for your efforts. And thank you for another exceptional quarter. Thank you everyone for joining the call today. I look forward to the next call. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS's Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, Chief Executive Officer; Maria Shields, SVP and Chief Financial Officer; and Annette Arribas, Senior Director, Global Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] Please note, the call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Arribas for some opening remarks.
Annette Arribas: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks documents have been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all of the key financial information and supporting data relative to our fourth quarter and full year 2018 financial results and business update, as well as our initial Q1 and fiscal year 2019 outlook and the key underlying assumptions. I would like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information, unless we do so in a public forum. During this call, and in the prepared remarks, we'll be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. Please take any reference to revenue to mean revenue under ASC 606 unless we explicitly note that we're referring to ASC 605 results. Note, that all references to growth will be in terms of ASC 605 results since we have no baseline for last year under ASC 606. A discussion of the various items that are excluded in a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures under both ASC 605 and ASC 606 are included in this morning's earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. In closing, I'd like to announce that our 2019 Investor Day will be held on Thursday, September 12th in Pittsburgh with a reception and technology showcase event the evening before. Further details around location, logistics and the agenda will be announced in the very near future and will be available on our IR website. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, Annette and good morning everyone. Q4 was yet another exceptional quarter for ANSYS. We delivered double-digit growth in revenue, earnings per share and operating cash flow. Our ACV growth of 28% in constant currency was particularly notable because of the challenge in comparison with Q4 of 2017. For the year revenue grew by 11% and ACB grew 17%, both in constant currency. And we ended the year with a record $957 million in 605 deferred revenue and backlog which is a 24% increase over Q4 in 2017. To summarize, our financial results in Q4 were outstanding and provided a great ending to a stellar 2018. At Investor Day in 2017, we announced that our objective was sustained double-digit growth by 2020 while maintaining industry leading margins. We introduced several strategic pillars to guide our journey to that objective. I'm pleased that we have made important advances across all these priorities over the course of the past year, and with double-digit revenue growth in both 2017 and 2018 I'm confident we're tracking to our 2020 objective. The central pillar of our growth strategy was the need to extend our leadership in the core business by introducing new innovations and by transforming our go-to-market. Let me start with products. Building on the momentum from last year's 19.X [ph] series of releases, we launched ANSYS 2019 R1 earlier this month. R1 features innovation after innovation, including a new multi-body dynamics product line and intuitive user experience and fluent our flagship CFD solution, and electromagnetic interference scanner that delivers results in seconds as part of our industry-leading electronics solutions, a new heads-up display capability in SPEOS, our flagships optics solution, and multi-core platform support in SCADE, our embedded software solution. Each of these individual innovations is important in helping customers solve some of the most challenging problems. Taken together, however, they show that ANSYS is leading the industry with advanced multi-physics simulation capabilities. We also recently launched a new ANSYS cloud-native solution enabled by Microsoft Azure that offers customers seamless access to on-demand high-performance computing in the public cloud. The offering is optimized for ANSYS solutions. Initially ANSYS mechanical and fluent, and dovetails nicely with offerings by ANSYS cloud hosting partners which include both ANSYS and third-party products. Based on the advances in our core products and the integration across our portfolio we continue to help customers address some of the most challenging problems where they are aggressively investing in R&D. Today let me highlight some of our successes with autonomous systems. 3M has developed advanced materials that enable sensors to deliver additional information from enhanced infrastructure to advanced driver assistance systems or ADAS. ANSYS tools and services are opening the doors to new opportunities in the fast-changing automotive market by providing 3M credibility in demonstrating their sensor material performance under adverse weather and lighting conditions. This is another example of how ANSYS is helping a customer chase a multi-billion dollar market opportunity. Another great example of our Integrated Solutions is with Oceaneering which is developing autonomous submersible vehicles for use with offshore oil rigs. They are using a multi-physics ANSYS solution to digitally test obstacle avoidance algorithms, a technique that could reduce cost by 90%, and that's critical when in-water tests can run upto $150,000 each day. Moving to sales; you may recall that two years ago we had embarked on a transformation of our go-to-market strategy to allow us to maximize our market opportunity and to correct underperformance in key geographies, notably Europe. Our new go-to-market approach enables us to effectively grow and close large enterprise deals through the ANSYS direct sales team while simultaneously efficiently addressing the large volume of our transactional or momentum business through a combination of territory sales, channel partners, and inside sales. That strategy has unlocked new opportunities as you can see from our revenue and ACV growth numbers. We saw strength in all of our geographies. While North America led the way with 19% constant currency growth, I'm delighted that Europe grew 10% in constant currency, both in Q4 and in 2018, continuing the growth recovery we had expected. On the large enterprise front, we began 2018 with a $50 million customer contract, at the time the largest in the history of ANSYS. And I'm thrilled to announce that we capped off the year with a Q4 $59 million contract across multiple product lines with a long-standing customer. The second pillar of our growth strategy was selectively investing in high potential adjacencies to expand our addressable market. You may remember that simulation has traditionally been used primarily as a validation tool. As part of our vision pervasive simulation we're expanding the use of simulation upfront in the design process with Discovery Live during manufacturing with our additive manufacturing solutions and in operations with Twin Builder. 2019 will be a validation and building year for these offerings setting the stage for additional growth in 2020 and beyond. With it's real-time simulation capabilities, Discovery Live has captured the attention of design engineers across the globe. One of the new users of Discovery Live, long-time ANSYS customer, Endress+Hauser, is seeing the benefits of simulation in product ideation. This global leader in measurement instrumentation, services and solutions for industrial process engineering is cutting costs and reducing time to market by bringing simulation earlier in the product development process with Discovery Live. To quote one of the company's engineers, "With Discovery Live we are agile, we are fast, and we are efficient." Discovery has picked up more best new product awards than any other ANSYS solution in the last decade. And at the end of Q4, we signed our first 7-figure Discovery deal. Another new solution, Twin Builder, enables our customers to build, validate and deploy simulation-based digital twins. The market for Twin Builder is enormous with half of the large industrial companies expected to deploy digital twins in the next three years, and we are seeing early traction in the market. The home appliance and an air solution division of the global giant LG is using Twin Builder to create virtual prototypes at the component level and share IoT information amongst products, supporting research to boost product reliability, reduce the time to market, decrease the need for physical testing, and improved product development. The next pillar of our growth strategy was pursuing strategic partnerships and acquisitions. On the partnership side, last week PTC released Creo simulation live which embeds ANSYS Discovery technology into Creo. With PTC's market leadership, this partnership grows the ANSYS reach to a new and broader base of design engineers around the world. While it is too soon to evaluate market success, early indications are positive. During it's most recent earnings call, PTC reported that it already had orders from 20 customers following it's December preview release, as well as more than 160 customers in it's short-term pipeline. M&A continues to be a highlight for us. As you know, ANSYS has a long history of successful M&A where we acquire companies with leading technologies, invest in both, innovation and integration with a broader ANSYS portfolio, and take advantage of the vast ANSYS customer footprint to increase customer adoption and sales, and drive growth for ANSYS. We're following that same playbook with our two most recent acquisitions, both of which closed earlier this month. The first is Granta Design, the pioneer of material intelligence and information technology. With the variety of materials available to product developers today having accurate, traceable and reliable materials information is increasingly critical to simulation accuracy. Granta has proven world-class technology that has enjoyed success in some of the largest and most sophisticated companies. Rolls Royce for example, used Granta to save $10 million through reduced testing, legacy data capture, and other cost avoidance. And although we share a few customers with Granta including Lockheed Martin, Saudi Aramco, and Airbus; their distribution was limited because of their size. Now as part of ANSYS, with our ability to reach customers in all geographies, there are many new opportunities to drive growth by introducing the Granta material solution to a much larger customer base. We also closed a smaller acquisition, HELOC, which builds great technology to analyze and mitigate the risk of electromagnetic crosstalk for semiconductor designs. This is particularly relevant because mega-trends like 5G and Artificial Intelligence are driving the need for extensive on-chip electromagnetic analysis to combat electromagnetic noise. HELOC solutions when combined with ANSYS power artist, our power integrity and noise analysis technology, as well as our market-leading electromagnetic solvers will help engineers deliver on the promise of next-generation solutions. Our 2019 strategy for growth remains the same as last year. We'll continue to grow our core, expand into the adjacencies we've selected, drive partnerships and pursue appropriate M&A. With this strategy in place I'm excited that our guidance for 2019 is 12% constant currency ASC 606 revenue growth at the midpoint for the full year. This is an ambitious growth objective, especially in the light of our stellar performance in 2018, and it is a testament to the strength of the ANSYS franchise. I want to take a minute to talk about corporate commitment to environmental, social and governance initiatives. Last month, we were named to the Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations by Corporate Nights, a firm solely focused on tracking and ranking companies as committed to sustainability. This is a powerful recognition of our company and our employees. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Maria.
Maria Shields: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. As you heard from Ajei, by any financial measure we delivered another quarter and year of exceptional results. This is quite an accomplishment when you consider the strong comparable of both, Q4 and 2017. I'll take a few minutes to add some additional commentary around our fourth quarter and annual financial performance, and we'll close with an update on our outlook and key assumptions for Q1 and 2019. Throughout 2018, we have been providing financial results and outlook under both, ASC 605 and ASC 606. Consistent with our messaging throughout the past year, beginning in 2019, we will transition to only reporting our financial results under ASC 606. For purposes of today's commentary, any comparisons that I make relative to growth rates will be comparing 2018 to 2017 results under ASC 605, and in constant currency. And for the last time, I'll provide key financial metrics under both ASC 605 and ASC 606, and consistent with our standard practice, my comments will be in terms of non-GAAP, unless I state otherwise. We would also like to announce that we will be removing the statistics on cumulative orders above $1 million in our future communications. While this metric was relevant when we first introduced it over a decade ago, the $1 million threshold is arbitrary, and has become less meaningful over the past two years as the company has begun to experience higher deal values with transactions increasingly incorporating multi-physics. It gives equal weight to both, the $59 million transaction that Ajei previously mentioned, and to a transaction that may be less than 2% of that value, which we believe is not useful in evaluating our performance. As we move forward, we believe the best indicator of our go-to market and large deal progress is the overall ACB growth across the full calendar year. I do want to mention that we closed the fourth quarter with 68 customers that had orders over $1 million, a 39% year-over-year increase and four customers that had orders of over $10 million. Our Q4 results reflect a great finish to our strongest year ever, one in which we experience continued accelerated business momentum and execution across the company. We reported constant currency revenue growth of 14% for the quarter, and 11% for the year, and EPS results that we're above the high-end of our guidance under both, ASC 606 and ASC 605. Our ongoing record of execution throughout every quarter of 2018 gives us confidence that we are on a path to continue to make progress against our strategic priorities and to deliver another record year of financial results in 2019. Other key financial metrics that I would like to highlight begin with Q4 and fiscal year 2018 constant currency ACB growth of 28% and 17% respectively. For the year, we reported total revenue of $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion under ASC 605 and ASC 606 respectively. Fourth quarter revenue under ASC 605 and ASC 606 total $340 million and $418 million with the large disparity between the two coming primarily from the upfront recognition of the license component of leases under ASC 606. As mentioned earlier, the strong fourth quarter results included a $59 million 4-year deal, the largest in our history. This deal which was not included in our guidance was a principal driver of the overachievement in our Q4 ASC 606 results on both, the top and bottom line. It also illustrates the increased volatility that results from the upfront recognition of the entire license component of multi-year lease transactions. And further, the earnings volatility is even more pronounced because the additional upfront revenue comes with minimal variable cost. The inclusion of this deal in our 2018 results also adversely impacts our fiscal year 2019 growth rates by approximately 1% for ACB, 2% for revenue, and 5% for diluted EPS. The increase in software license sales combined with strong maintenance renewals contributed to our deferred revenue and backlog under ASC 605 of $957 million, representing a new record Q4 high and a 24% increase over last year's very strong comparable. Deferred revenue and backlog under ASC 606 totals $659 million. Total recurring revenue for the quarter and the year under 605 grew 16% and 12% in constant currency to totals of $245million and $933 million or 72% and 76% of total revenue, respectively. Lease and maintenance revenue, each grew double digits for the quarter and the year indicative of strong renewals and expansions within our global customer base as well as the value that our customers place on the ongoing investment in innovation and the high quality of our support services. This increase in our recurring revenue streams in Q4 and 2018 was relatively balanced across each of our three major geographies each of which delivered double digit constant currency growth in recurring revenue. Under ASC 606, recurring revenue totaled $305 million for Q4 and $962 million for the year or 73% and 74% of total revenue, respectively. Our strong and growing base of recurring revenue improves the predictability around our future performance. The operating margins under ASC 605 were 40.5% for the quarter and 44.4% for the full year. The lower fourth quarter margin is consistent with our recent financial guidance and reflects the significant incremental sales commissions that typically occur in the fourth quarter as high achieving sales personnel hit their commission accelerators. The full year margin is also consistent with the expectations that we set at the beginning of 2018 and maintained throughout the year. The operating margins under 606 were 51.6 % for the quarter and 47.4% for the year. Both results exceeded our expectations and were driven primarily by the revenue over performance under ASC 606. both sets of results are evidence that we are committed to managing our business with discipline and to ensuring that the incremental investments are driving the annual ACV and top line growth that we have planned.  We reported fourth quarter EPS of a $1.39 under ASC 605, a 30% growth over last Q4. And $2.13 under ASC 606 and for the year, we also finished with record EPS of $5.30 under ASC 605, a 32% growth over fiscal year 2017 and $5.98 under ASC 606. The overperformance on EPS in the quarter was driven by the very strong top line finish. With respect to taxes, under both standards, our effective tax rate was approximately 18% for the year and 17% to 18% for the fourth quarter. Looking ahead into 2019, we currently expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 21% to 22% for Q1 and the full year. And for 2019, we have assumed a slightly higher mix of income in foreign jurisdictions which have a higher tax rate as compared to the US. Our cash flow from operations totaled $133 million for the fourth quarter and $486 million for the year. We closed the year with a total of $777 million in cash and short term investments of which 79% was held domestically. And while we are discussing our cash balance, I wanted to also note that we just closed a 5-year $500 million revolving line of credit while the line of credit is new for ANSYS and is not for any imminent need but simply intended to give us additional capital flexibility as we continue to grow the business. Also, in line with our previously communicated capital allocation priorities, we repurchased $500,000 shares during the quarter and $1.7 million shares during 2018 at a total cost of $77 and $270 million respectively. Currently, we have $3.8 million shares available for repurchase. Now let me turn to the topic of guidance. We are initiating our guidance for Q1 and expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $290 million to $310 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.98 to a $1.11. And for fiscal year 2019, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1 billion $410 million $1 billion $470 million or constant currency growth of 10% to 14% and EPS in the range of $5.55 to $6. Our 2019 outlook includes the contributions from the recently acquired Granta Design and HELOC businesses. We are currently forecasting a range of $20 million to $25 million of revenue and ACV for 2019. the combined impact of the capital utilized in the acquisitions and the incremental integration investments that will be necessary throughout the remainder of the year will result in the near term impact of approximately $0.05 to $0.07 of dilution for 2019 as we integrate these acquisitions into our core business. Our ACV outlook for 2019 is a range of $100410 million to $100465 million; this represents constant currency ACV growth of 8% to 12%. Our initial outlook for annual operating cash flows is a range of $470 million $510 million for 2019. I would like to highlight that our outlook for 2019 include tire tax payments that relate to the accelerated lease license revenue and related profitability that incurred in the fourth quarter of 2018 under ASC 606 as well as the expected adverse first year impact of the acquisitions. For modeling purposes, we're expecting first quarter operating margins in the range of 36.5% to 38.5% and for fiscal year 2019, in the range of 43% to 44%. The recently announced acquisitions of Granta Design and HELOC are expected to adversely impact our operating margin by approximately 1% in 2019. As we head into 2019, I would like to again remind everyone that our focus will be on progress against annual targets as opposed to quarterly results simply due to the volatility in quarterly revenue operating margin and EPS that result from the timing of large lease transactions under ASC 606. As we saw in our 2018 results, our Q4 business volume with 28% constant currency ACV growth continues to grow seasonally stronger. It is by far our largest quarter for new business particularly for large multi-year deals. As we look ahead to 2019 we see a very similar seasonal pattern with a disproportionately large Q4 dynamic. Further details around specific currency rates and other key assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for both Q1 and 2019 are contained in the prepared remarks document. In summary, we are very pleased to have delivered another excellent quarter and year with strength across all of our key financial metrics. We also continue to deploy capital to drive long term stockholder value for investing in our core business, pursuing important M&A targets and additional share repurchases. our strong close to another year gives us confidence that our continued focus on execution and investing in the business, both organically and through M&A supplemented by our growing base of recurring business, strong customer relationships and a healthy sales pipeline, provide a solid foundation to deliver on another strong year in 2019 as well as our 2020 financial targets. Operator, we will now open the phone lines to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Richard Valera of Needham & Co.
Richard Valera: Thank you and congratulation on the strong results. I just wanted to hone in on Discovery Live here Ajei and get your sense on the potential impact, both in '19 and beyond. It sounds like some promising initial returns from the PTC agreement, as well as some sort of organically. So if you could just frame that out for us in terms of maybe what you've baked in for '19 and how you think about that longer term? Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: As far as Discovery is concerned, as I've said in my comments, we're very excited about what we have in terms of the technology and obviously we're taking it to market, both, directly through our sales force, as well as in conjunction with the OEM that we have with PTC. PTC recently announced it's new product, it was announced last week there was a webcast -- webinar yesterday I think that 2,000 customers or 2,000 individuals had signed up for that webinar as well. So there is obviously a lot of excitement in the PTC customer base as well for that. So we're very excited about it, we see 2019 as essentially a validation year; we don't really see this as being a big revenue here yet, this is not -- this is still early stages for a product which I think is transformative whether the fact is in our market it takes a while for product to get to gain momentum. So we see this as a building year and we'll continue to come out with new versions of the technology, PTC will continue to improve their product with the integration of our technology into it. We'll learn this year and I'm looking forward really next year to seeing some more tangible results from a revenue perspective.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Wong of Guggenheim Securities.
Kenneth Wong: This question may be geared towards Maria; when looking at your margin outlook of 43% to 44%, obviously that's consistent with how you guys have been framing, kind of where the margins could go with your investments in double-digit growth. But obviously it's a step down from what we saw in fiscal year '18; can you maybe just talk about kind of where some of those investments are coming and maybe some of the headwinds on the margins for '19?
Maria Shields: Yes. Ken, I'd say the biggest headwinds on the margins are for the dilutive impact from the two acquisitions that Ajei spoke to in his remarks. As you can imagine, most of the acquisitions that we're looking at -- particularly, the smaller tuck-in have no margin structure that's near ours [ph], so -- but there are important technologies that advance our roadmap and extend our multi-physics capabilities. So we will be making some investments relative to integrating those two acquisitions, and as a result of the capital deployed, as well as those integration investments, we'll have dilution in 2019 and we'll see them becoming more creative to profitability as we head into 2020. Additionally, from the core business we are continuing to invest in the business, and in talent, R&D, AEs [ph], field engineers, and infrastructure to continue to be able to scale the business over the long-term.
Operator: The next question comes from [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: I would just like to focus a bit on the very, very large deals -- I don't know if we can call them mega deals. In terms of the fact that 2018 was kind of a breakthrough year for you, may be after the number of those have come through now; can you talk a bit about the predictability and the nature of those deals that you're seeing in terms maybe of the sales cycle compared to what the usual deal -- kind of large deal previously would take and how much effort it takes? I hope that makes sense.
Ajei Gopal: A couple of quick comments about large deals. Firstly, large deals don't just happen by themselves, they happen as a result of a long-term relationship between us as a company and the customer, and that's a relationship that takes years to develop, and it's a relationship that we pride ourselves on and we maintain because of the levels of investments we're making both in our product, as well as in our technical capability with customers; and so that's one important aspect of those relationships. And as the $59 million deal that we talked about is from a long-standing customer of ours, as an example. And the second thing is what we're seeing is many of these large deals are obviously not just single product deals, these are -- these pull together multiple products from multiple product lines, and so they are essentially multi-physics deals. And that's really important for us because when we think about the direction where some of these large companies are going, they are looking at more challenging problems, they are looking at more, they are looking at solutions which require necessarily this multi-physics analysis [indiscernible]; and so that's another element as well of some of these large deals. And so when you think about the pipeline that we're seeing for this year for some of the larger deals, we're kind of backend focused -- we're backend loaded this year, so a lot of activity is happening in the latter part of the year, Q4 is obviously going to be a heavier quarter much like Q4 in 2018 was a heavier quarter, and that's also part of the way that we're thinking about the year. So we have visibility into the pipeline, we have been developing these deals and these relationships with customers, and as I said, the relationships take years to develop, and this is part of the cadence that we're building into our business as we go forward understanding how to manage these large deals, to understand what they look like in the pipeline, make sure that we can bring the relevant sets of solution to bear with both, our sales organization or the technical organization, and then slotted-in [ph] from an execution perspective.
Operator: The next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: In your prepared remarks you talked about some of the cross-talking semiconductor design; I'm kind of curious as you look at 2019, how much of the growth dynamics are you expecting to come from more of your EDA portfolio versus the rest of the portfolio? And then, Maria, just to sneak in; can you give us a sense, what did 2018 acquisitions actually contribute to the 2018 full year ACV?
Ajei Gopal: So let me address very quickly the opportunity in '19. Obviously electronics, in general, is very strong for us. We have solutions that help us, both, in the traditional EDA market, as well as in the broader high-tech market. And frankly, we see tremendous opportunity in 2019 and beyond, and it's obviously being fueled by the complexity of semiconductors that are rolling into solutions for autonomous and for 5G, for AI, cloud computing; all of these things are demanding more and more complexity for semiconductors, obviously that's driving process nodes -- customers with advanced process notes. But from our perspective, that also pulls in need to be able to do multi-physics analysis, and it's not uniquely about looking at one individual physics, it's understanding the implications at the chip level, at the board level, at the system level, and that requires necessarily an understanding of across all of the different physics as we've discussed in the past. And so I think that's going to be very important certainly as we see the use of semiconductors in these next-generation applications. Maria?
Maria Shields: Yes. Sterling, relative to the contribution to ACV in 2018, from the acquisition it was $25 million.
Operator: The next question comes from Saket Kalia of Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Maybe for you Maria; on the large $59 million lease deal in the quarter, can you remind us how the cash collections on that multi-year deal will work?
Maria Shields: Yes. So Saket, as you saw in the materials, it's a 4-year deal with annual payments and that first payment will come into 2019.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Koenig of Wedbush Securities.
Steve Koenig: I'd like to maybe dig into your -- what you're doing in cloud here. And so, Ajei you mentioned you've got a new cloud native solution or Azure. Maybe just -- can you backup a little bit and remind us what -- how are you currently going to market your hosting partners? And then, what's different about the new Azure solution that you're offering, relative to either product or pricing model? And just remind us are the hosting partners of that BYO [ph] -- by BYOL [ph] model for them and then customers rent or -- so just kind of refresh me on how you're going to market in cloud and how the new offering might be different here?
Ajei Gopal: So, we currently go-to-market as you said, you rightly pointed out with the network of cloud-hosting partners who are essentially around the globe, and they provide turnkey access to the ANSYS portfolio. So our cloud-hosting partners take advantage of whatever public carve [ph] infrastructure they choose to use. The customer works with them and they are able to work with both, ANSYS technology, as well as third-party technology and offer that as a -- essentially as a cloud solution. So they serve as the cloud partner, if you will, for the customer and the customer directly works with them. And that's a great partnership with us and the cloud-hosting partners that's been working very well. What we've done with the ANSYS cloud is, we've taken a slightly different approach; and here now within -- directly within our flagship products initially with fluent in mechanical, you can directly access the HPC capabilities in the cloud, in this case, the [indiscernible] cloud. And so it's completely seamless, it's completely built into the UI, and you have an option, when you're using the product to then choose to use the public cloud which essentially provides seamless HPC for our customers. And obviously that provides -- that makes the cloud a little bit more accessible, it provides convenience because customers or engineers can -- without having to leave the environment that they work in every day, they can enlift this additional compute power without even being an expert in HPC, and obviously this makes HPC easier to use and we're excited about that. And in the coming months we'll be adding more services and capabilities to the ANSYS cloud. It dovetails nicely with what our public -- with our cloud hosting partners, what they provide, and we're excited about providing our customers the choice of how they want to take advantage of the public cloud.
Operator: The next question comes from Gabriela Borges of Goldman Sachs.
Gabriela Borges: Ajei, I wanted to ask about the dynamic at your Top 100 customers. As ANSYS dedicated more technical resources to those customers, we've actually grown as a percentage of sales. How do you think about how penetrated you are at your largest customers? And as part of that, any metrics you can share on multi-physics penetration and adoptions would be helpful. Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: Sure. As you well know that these larger deals as I mentioned, already -- these larger deals do include multi-physics deployments or multi-physics -- I mean the multi-physics in nature. I would say that for our largest 100 customers, most of them probably have three or more products from three or more physics if you will, installed; and I'm taking advantage of them. So I would say that it's a pretty broad penetration of multi-physics into the largest 100 customers. That being said, I think that the market for simulation is still -- it's still early stages because when you think about where the use of simulation is even at the very large customers, there is plenty of opportunity to continue to increase the use of simulation. In our strategy for simulation and the use of simulation is to make it more pervasive. Historically, it's obviously been used in the validation phase and even there I think we're under-penetrated but if you start to think about the opportunity going upstream to the designers and then downstream into manufacturing and operations, I think we have a significant opportunity. And we're seeing that because with some of these larger deals, yes, there is improved sales execution, obviously there is improved sales execution but it's also the case that the customers need the technology, right; no one would be buying things if they didn't need it. The customers need the technology because we're able to demonstrate the value of the technology in different used cases, and to addressing different customer needs, and that's translating into greater demand for our offerings. And so you see with these large deals; these are customers we've had for a number of years and then we continue to expand the footprint and the penetration into those organizations and I don't believe that we're reaching an asymptote [ph] or anything of that nature. So we're excited about our future, we're excited about the opportunity in front of us.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Talanian of Evercore ISI.
Kenneth Talanian: I was wondering if you could give us a recap of the changes you made to both, the sales force and the channel this year and your plans for 2019?
Ajei Gopal: Sure. I think the further importance and I couldn't tell you exactly what was happening in 2017 versus 2018, but essentially what we did is -- did a pretty deep segmentation of our customers and separated them into different categories if you will. There is a segment of our customer base where we directly address the customer through the ANSYS direct sales force, and these tend to be the largest of customers. And typically, you'll have an account manager looking after a small number of one customer with technical support, and this is where a lot of the large deals come from. We also have what we call -- we also have territory sales individuals who are not focused on the largest accounts and we have what we call a momentum sales motion or which is more transactional in nature. And these are the next-generation or the next level if you will of customers where the coverage is less, it's not so much one-to-one, it's less, single sales individual may cover several different accounts or we would have channel partners who are then working with us to also cover accounts. And so through the combination of channel partners and territory sales we're able to cover some of these accounts. We also have invested in inside sales, and our inside sales activities is doing well, and we're able to then not just create inside demand, it's not just an organization to set up meetings but we have an organization that can actually close business telephonically through our inside sales organization. Obviously, that is -- those tend to be smaller deals but some of them are very nice deals as well. And so that combination of being able to go direct to larger organizations with more focus, being able to manage the territories effectively, and leveraging the channel partners and leveraging inside sales to be able to scale the transactional aspects of a business is really what's been contributing to our success on both fronts, on the large enterprise side, as well as on the smaller enterprise side. As we look, as we go forward into 2019; the challenges for the sales organization obviously are -- we have two new acquisitions in the form of Granta and HELOC, we're integrating them into the sales organization into a better market motion, that technology will be available to obviously our direct sales people, as well as to our channel partners to be in a position to take to market; so we're excited about that work, and that means integrating the technical sales organization as well, as well as teaching our sales organization. Outside of that, the same structure that I described namely going after large enterprise customers being able to manage the momentum accounts that remains in place as we think about our business in 2019.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Pfau of William Blair.
Matthew Pfau: Just wanted to ask on Discovery Live; maybe you could talk about the initial traction you're seeing; is it different users than you would typically see using ANSYS? And then the funding for these deals, is it coming from different budgets would typically be used to purchase ANSYS? Thanks.
Ajei Gopal: Our approach for Discovery has been two-fold; one is that we think that it could be customers -- we've historically had larger customers who are taking advantage of Discovery; although it may be -- excuse me, it may be a different user base within that large customer. So it may be a different cadre of users who have not historically used the ANSYS flagship solutions but who do -- who could benefit from the use of simulation. So even though it would be the same large customer, it would be a different user within that. And we're seeing that certainly within our own go-to-market with Discovery but we're also seeing that as you think about some of the conversations we've been having with our colleagues at PTC in terms of how they're thinking about positioning Creo Live as well. And then the other area that we think that we will be able to bring in customers is customers have historically not necessarily been ANSYS users who tend to -- who are smaller, haven't found -- haven't felt that they could manage to use of simulation even though they would benefit from that, and we believe that there is an opportunity there as well. And that's -- I would say that that's harder for us to quantify right now but that's also an opportunity that we are excited about.
Operator: The next question comes from Ross MacMillan of RBC Capital Markets.
Ross MacMillan: So when I look at '18 I think your organic constant currency ACV growth was about 14%, and even if we take out the large deal in Q4 I think it would be 12%. And then when I look at '19, it's on a constant currency organic basis, in the kind of 7% to 8% range; so a big sort of step down. And I just wanted to know if that's just elements of prudence or are there any other things that you're thinking about that would create that deceleration? And maybe related to all of this is just -- can we just touch on the philosophy on these large multi-year transactions; you said the one in Q4 was not in the guidance, does that imply that you are excluding deals like this from your future guidance? Thanks so much.
Maria Shields: Ross, relative to our outlook for 2019 I would say we have forecasted based on our visibility in the pipeline as it exists. And no doubt we are going to be a little bit prudent as it's just the beginning of the year. And similar to what we experienced in 2018, given that the majority of those large transactions are currently forecasted for Q4, we want to build in a little bit of conservatism if you will. That being said, relative to that $59 million deal in particular, we did not include it in our guidance because at the time that we gave our outlook back in November there were still a number of moving parts relative to that deal, including some competitive dynamics that quite frankly could have easily made that a Q1 deal. And given the size of it, particularly, the impact under ASC 606 with $30 million of revenue and $0.28 of earnings, to the extent that it had closed in Q1 it would have just left too big a gap; so the downside risk was not worth trying to be aggressive on forecasting that deal. The reality is we're still in the learning stages relative to the particular predictability of these. And as it becomes more and more of an ongoing part of our business and we learn more about exactly different personalities that have different perspective on closing, we'll get better at it but for now we are going to build a little bit of caution into -- to our outlook so that we don't have any downside surprises.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Could you comment Maria on your expectation for expense growth in 2019? You grew your headcount by about 500 for the year versus a prior -- many year average of just about 100 or so increase in head account per year, so pretty considerable difference there. And relatively for Ajei, having spent the last 6 to 8 quarters on your go-to-market and AE [ph] investments; could you talk about the relative investments or initiatives on those two things for the next year or more as compared to the past year or two? And the preparations you need to make or investing in vis-à-vis infrastructure acquisitions integration, data centers and the like to prepare for future growth? Thank you.
Maria Shields: Yes. So Jay, let me take your first question relative to our plans, relative to investing. Our 2019 plans currently anticipate adding about 300 new employees to the organization throughout 2019. As of the end of January, we've got about 176 positions open for hire across the globe. Other things that I spoke to earlier, we will be absorbing the two recent acquisitions which will require some additional integration cost in 2019. And then as you just heard -- as you just mentioned, we do have a number of infrastructure investments, not necessarily data centers, certainly some of our own HPC capacity, internally, but most of our investments around talent and additional costs that come with talent relative to licensing around digital technology that they're leveraging, and we're also investing in our own digital technology to really be able to automate and scale our processes consistently across the globe.
Ajei Gopal: And I think Jay the other part of your question was around our investments in our technical capability -- customer-facing capability, our ACE organization. And yes, it continues to be an area that we are making investments, and you'll see that if you look at our -- go online and look at the kinds of people that we're looking to hire, and we're making investments in our ACE organization, essentially across the product portfolio across the world. Obviously, we've got some new talent coming in through the acquisitions of Grant [ph] and HELOC, and those individuals will obviously join the company and will be central of course as we start to expand in those areas as well. So there will be expansion in our ACE capabilities in 2090.
Operator: The next question comes from Monika Garg of KeyBanc.
Monika Garg: The question for you Maria; you have the questions like you are guiding cash flow flattish year-over-year, maybe add some color around that. I mean, you did talk about it could be slightly higher taxes; would you quantify that number, how much increase you are making in for year-over-year? Thank you.
Maria Shields: Monika, so I'd say, as you think about cash flow for 2019, there is a few headwinds that we're facing in addition to the additional taxes from the ASC 606 format. We've also got a headwind of about 1% to 2% from currency, and the two acquisitions that we did are expected to be dilutive to cash flow in 2019. If you think about relative to quantification of the tax impact, our tax rate in 2018 was about 18% for the full year, and we're guiding to 21% to 22% for 2019, so that's really kind of the differential in tax payments relative to ASC 606 as we had into 2019.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Lemenager of Robert W. Baird & Company.
Matt Lemenager: Thanks, it's Matt on for Rob [ph]. Thanks for taking the question. I have a question around North America; it's now grown 13% or faster, I think 6 of the past 8 quarters. Ajei, is there anything in particular driving that, simply sharper execution or anything standing out direct versus indirect, anything that's kind of driving that?
Ajei Gopal: No, I think there is obviously a great execution in North America and there has been a lot of large deals, activity as well as that we've mailed to drive from North America. And I think to a certain extent the -- just given the nature of some of these large deals, these tend to be long-term customers, have historically been with us for a long time; that's been -- we've been able to build on that given the way the North America team has been laid out. But no, I think from a market demand perspective and what customers are looking for, it's kind of -- you would expect the same sort of thing from customers whether they are based headquartered in North America, whether they are headquartered in Europe or whether they are headquarter in Asia. And I think that the execution aspects of the North America business has also been very strong.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ajei Gopal for any closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, Andrew. So 2018 was another outstanding year for ANSYS with strength across all of our key financial metrics. We improved our go-to-market execution and we broadened our product capabilities. These important accomplishments continue to move the business in the right direction and give us confidence in our ability to achieve our long-term targets. We look forward to another exciting year-end 2019. In closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners for their support, and a shout out to my ANSYS colleagues, thank you all for your efforts and thank you for another exceptional quarter, and an exceptional year. Thank you all for joining the call today, and I look forward to our next call. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Annette N. Arribas - ANSYS, Inc. Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc. Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.
Analysts: Kenneth Hoi Fung Wong - Guggenheim Securities Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Matthew Charles Pfau - William Blair & Co. LLC Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Kenneth Talanian - Evercore ISI Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Alexander Frankiewicz - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, Chief Executive Officer; Maria Shields, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Annette Arribas, Senior Director, Global Investor Relations. Please note the event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Arribas for some opening remarks.
Annette N. Arribas - ANSYS, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks documents have been posted on the homepage of our new and improved Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all of the key financial information and supporting data relative to our third quarter and year-to-date financial results and business update, as well as our updated Q4 and fiscal year 2018 outlook and the key underlying assumptions. I would like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance, as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information, unless we do so in a public forum. During this call, and in the prepared remarks, we'll be referring to non-GAAP financial measures unless otherwise stated. Please take any reference to revenue to mean revenue under ASC 606 unless we explicitly note that we're referring to ASC 605 results. Note that all references to growth will be in terms of ASC 605 results since we have no baseline for last year under ASC 606. A discussion of the various items that are excluded in a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures under both ASC 605 and ASC 606 are included in this morning's earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajei Gopal for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you, Annette, and good morning, everyone. Q3 was yet another exceptional quarter. We exceeded the high end of our Q3 revenue and our earnings per share guidance by $8 million and $0.24 respectively. Our revenue growth as measured under ASC 605 was 12%, leading to record third quarter ASC 605 revenue and earnings per share. We recorded $762 million of deferred revenue and backlog as measured in the ASC 605, which represents a 14% year-over-year increase. Our ACV growth in constant currency was outstanding at over 13% for the quarter and 11% year-to-date. This reflects strong customer demand for ANSYS solutions and our ongoing success in the market. Given our robust performance to-date in 2018 and the strength of our pipeline going into the last quarter of the year, we are increasing our revenue, our EPS, and our operating cash flow guidance for the full year. We're also raising ACV guidance at the midpoint. Maria will provide more details in a few minutes. In Q3, we recorded numerous six figure deals across several major verticals. With the race to 5G in high gear, the high-tech vertical performed well with leading communications companies choosing ANSYS in part because of the multi-physics design capabilities enabled by our Chip-Package-System workflow. Our market-leading capabilities and enabling electrification and autonomy drove customer investments across the automotive sector. The aerospace and defense sector performed well as investment is increasing in the U.S. and Europe. The industrial equipment vertical, particularly the rotating machinery market, is also benefiting from the recovery in oil and gas. In Q3, we also saw an increase in investment from the healthcare industry. We work with healthcare leaders such as Medtronic for many years on the use of in silico medicine to advance medical device design. At the September meeting of the Avicenna Alliance, a global alliance of healthcare industries and researchers that was set up at the request of the European Commission, Medtronic reported that modeling and simulation helped them release the product to market two years earlier, treating 10,000 patients during this period, and saving an estimated $10 million. From a geographic perspective, ASC 605 revenues grew double-digits in the Americas and Europe, while Asia Pacific grew 9%, all in constant currency. Our three largest markets, the U.S., Japan and Germany, led our performance in the quarter each with double-digit revenue growth. Our new go-to-market strategy, which we described at Investor Day last year, is seeing success. Our approach enables us to effectively grow and close large enterprise deals, while efficiently addressing the large volume of our transactional business. We're intelligently matching our customer size, location and level of simulation sophistication with our routes to market, which include the use of strategic sales teams, territory sales, indirect channel partners and inside sales reps. For our largest global customers, we're employing a higher touch direct sales model. In Q3, we had 30 customers with orders of over $1 million, which is a 20% increase compared to last year's Q3. About 80% of these customers licensed solutions from at least three of our product lines. Our top 100 customers year-to-date, represent over 40% of our total sales, illustrating our success and more deeply penetrating our largest accounts. One such account is Airbus Defense & Space, a global leader in its industry who extended their use of ANSYS core solutions to reduce their time to market from 15 years to 7 years, while accelerating their development cycle. Leveraging our solutions for autonomy and digital twins, Airbus Defense & Space is relying on ANSYS solutions to enable the future development of their autonomous innovations. Our investments in incremental field engineering resources have also been instrumental in helping to expand our relationships at the enterprise and strategic account level. This is reflected not only in the overall growth in our software and maintenance revenue, but also in the over 30% growth of our services revenue for both the quarter and the first nine months of 2018. Services can help with enterprise adoption and more challenging customer solutions, and will be an ongoing area of incremental investment. However, we expect services revenue to remain a relatively small portion of our overall revenue even into the future. While large deals are important to us, remember that close to 60% of our total sales comes from customers not in the top 100. So, an equally important aspect of our go-to-market is the use of direct territory sales, inside sales and channel partners to efficiently reach a large number of smaller customers. We've seen success in that effort by bringing in numerous new commercial logos in Q3 with particular strength in the electronics, industrial equipment and automotive industries. In addition, our Startup Program, which provides qualifying businesses with our solutions at a discount, has enrolled over 550 companies. Working with these exciting young companies ensures that ANSYS will play a key role in their product development processes as they grow and require additional simulation solutions. Our indirect channel, which currently represents 24% of our total revenue, continues to perform well and saw an increased volume of smaller deals. We're continuing to execute on our channel expansion plans, adding eight new channel partners in Q3, including KETIV Technologies and Rand Simulation, two of the largest Autodesk resellers in North America. Globally, we're seeing great collaboration between our inside sales and territory account reps as well as increased investment by our channel partners, which enables us to rapidly expand our reach. One of our longstanding channel partners, ESSS in Brazil recently closed a large deal that strengthens our relationship with global energy leader, Petrobras. The agreement with ANSYS allows Petrobras to leverage the latest enhancements to the ANSYS simulation platform and gives Petrobras access to leading edge products for engineering simulation as well as local support from ESSS. Engineering simulation tools and HPC capabilities are essential to Petrobras' oil and gas exploration and production R&D activities. Let me now shift to partnerships, which are a key component of our growth strategy. Through deep collaboration with our partners, we're able to provide customers with greater value in solving new classes of problems. Furthermore, we can expand our addressable opportunity by reaching new customers and potentially new markets through our partners' channels. In March this year, Synopsys released their ICC II with integrated ANSYS RedHawk power integrity and reliability signoff technology. This will enable robust design optimization for next generation, high performance computing, mobile and automotive products. While it is still early days, we are pleased by the response from their customers. Our partnership with SAP is based on a new offering on SAP's Cloud Platform called SAP Predictive Engineering Insights enabled by ANSYS, which incorporates the ANSYS digital twin technology. The long-term opportunity here is very exciting, although we expect customer adoption to be deliberate as they go from an initial pilot to deployment at scale. Our partnership with PTC is based on a new offering from them called Creo Simulation Live that embeds the breakthrough simulation capabilities of ANSYS Discovery Live into PTC's Creo CAD solution. The development is on track and PTC will soon be starting early trials of the new offering. Finally also during Q3, semiconductor giant TSMC honored us with three Partner of the Year awards for our work with them on 3D ICs and 7-nanometer process nodes. Switching gears, I would now like to talk about how we are continuing to drive innovation across our business. In Q3, we released ANSYS 19.2, which includes numerous advancements across our product portfolio. We improved speed, reliability, and usability, and we introduced our new patent-pending Mosaic meshing capabilities for fluids that delivers high quality results that's faster than before. In one use case, our Mosaic mesh required 34% less memory and delivered a solution 47% faster than previous solutions. In addition, we announced a new fluids task-based workflow, which guides the engineer through the simulation process providing best practices as defaults. The first release allows users to prep and mesh watertight geometries using 70% fewer clicks and 50% less hands on time than before. In ANSYS 19.2, we added several important capabilities to our electronic solutions. We enhanced our Icepak electronics cooling solution to include faster modeling of IC packages and support for connecting heat sources from multiple analyses. Our HFSS 3D component library was expanded again to help collaboration, save time, and improve accuracy. We added the TDK RF Chip Antenna library and we just signed an agreement with Modelithics, a third-party model vendor to create a library of 3D-encrypted components targeting 5G design. ANSYS 19.2 furthers our vision of making simulation pervasive across the product lifecycle. As we move from product design to manufacturing, with ANSYS 19.2, we have fully integrated the technology from our 3DSIM acquisition giving ANSYS the only complete design to analysis to print additive manufacturing simulation workflow. Additionally, our additive solutions now include physics-driven lattice optimization. And we're seeing customer success. A leading aerospace contractor invested in ANSYS Additive Print to help optimize their additive manufacturing processes and a major medical device manufacturer shows ANSYS Additive Suite to reduce failed bills. As we've highlighted since its release in Q1, our Discovery family of products is also helping us make simulation pervasive by extending our reach to the early part of the product design phase. Our newest Discovery release features the first near real-time 3D parameter studies, enabling designers to analyze hundreds of design points in minutes. We're seeing strong interest with the number of initial purchases by major and strategic customers significantly increase in Q3 over Q2. Discovery is being used by customers in ways that we did not expect. A large automotive supplier was struggling to improve its bidding process for customer RFQs. The problem was that bid submission was bottlenecked waiting for skilled analysts to validate the bid through simulation. The company purchased Discovery for the design engineers, so that the required simulation could be performed by the designers without having to wait for an analyst. Based on a pilot with Discovery, the customer estimates that it can reduce RFQ response times by up to 75%, allowing them to bid on more business, leading to increased revenue. Finally, I would like to introduce the newest member of the ANSYS executive team, Dr. Prith Banerjee, who recently joined us as our Chief Technology Officer. A brilliant technologist, Prith, brings an exceptional blend of experiences to ANSYS. He's had very successful careers both in academia and in industry, and has earned multiple honors. Prith was a chair professor and a dean of engineering. He led one of the most iconic industry research labs and he served as CTO at two of the top global industrial companies. He also founded two startups in the electronics space. This unique mix of experiences makes him the perfect person to help guide our technology innovation and long-term product strategy. Before I turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financial results, I would like to acknowledge the most recent milestone in her stellar career at ANSYS. This is Maria's 20th year as CFO of ANSYS, and today is her 80th earnings call. Congratulations, Maria and over to you.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you so much, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. As you heard from Ajei, we delivered another quarter of outstanding results. This is quite an accomplishment for our team when you consider the comparable of Q3 2017 in which we reported both, double-digit top line and EPS growth. I'll take a few minutes to add some additional commentary around our third quarter financial performance and we'll close with an update on our outlook and key assumptions for Q4 and 2018. Just as a reminder, during this first year of adoption of revenue recognition under ASC 606, we have been and will continue to provide financial results and outlook under both ASC 605 and ASC 606 through the end of this year. Beginning in 2019, we will transition to only reporting our financial results under ASC 606. In addition, any comments that I make relative to growth rates, we'll be comparing 2018 to 2017 results under ASC 605 and in constant currency. I'll provide key financial metrics under both ASC 605 and ASC 606, and consistent with our standard practice, my comments will be in terms of non-GAAP unless I state otherwise. Our Q3 results reflect continued strong momentum and execution across the business. We reported total revenue under ASC 605 of $308 million or constant currency revenue growth of 12%. Operating margins and EPS were above the high-end of our guidance under both ASC 605 and ASC 606. Our ongoing record of execution in the quarter and the first nine months gives us confidence that we are on a path to continue to make progress against our strategic priorities and to deliver another record year of financial results in 2018. Key financial metrics for the quarter begin with constant currency ACV growth of over 13%. Third quarter revenue under ASC 605 and ASC 606, totaled $308 million and $293 million respectively, both results include a negative currency impact of approximately $2 million as compared to the prior-year quarter. The increase in software license sales combined with strong maintenance renewals contributed to our deferred revenue and backlog under ASC 605 of $762 million, representing a record Q3 high and a 14% increase over last year's comparable balance. Deferred revenue and backlog under ASC 606 totaled $545 million. Total recurring revenue for the quarter under ASC 605, grew 15% in constant currency to a total of $238 million or 77% of total revenue. Lease and maintenance revenue each grew 15%, indicative of strong renewals and expansions within our global customer base, as well as the value that our customers place on the ongoing investments in innovation and the high quality of our support services. This increase in our recurring revenue streams was fairly balanced across each of the three major geographies, each of which delivered double-digit constant currency growth in both lease and maintenance. Under ASC 606, recurring revenue totaled $218 million or 74% of total revenue. Under either accounting methods, our large base of recurring revenue gives us good predictability around our future performance. The strong top line helped to drive a third quarter gross margin of 90% under both ASC 605 and ASC 606 and an operating margin of 46.7% under ASC 605 and 44% under ASC 606. The Q3 operating margins were above the high-end of the guidance ranges that we previously provided and were positively impacted by a combination of strong revenue results and the slower pace of hiring than we had planned for the quarter. These hiring delays were attributable to the summer season and a relatively more challenging hiring environment for certain positions and geographies. It is our intention to continue to aggressively recruit and hire according to our plans to ensure that we have a solid foundation for continued success as we enter 2019. We reported record third quarter EPS of $1.46 under ASC 605 and a $1.31 under ASC 606. With respect to taxes, our effective tax rate in Q3 was 14%, which was below the lower end of the range that we had guided coming into the quarter. As we had previously communicated, the Q3 rate was positively impacted by a non-recurring net tax benefit related to certain subsidiary activities including entity structuring that were finalized in the third quarter. The total net benefit recorded in Q3 was $7 million or $0.08. The Q3 tax rate also benefited from an income mix in the quarter, which was much more domestically weighted and additional R&E credits that were above what we had forecasted. Looking ahead, we have updated our estimates and expect our effective tax rate to be in a range of 21.5% to 22.5% for Q4, which would translate to a range of 19% to 20% for the full-year. Our cash flow from operations totaled $110 million for the third quarter and $354 million for the first nine months. We closed the quarter with a total of $729 million in cash and short-term investments of which 77% is held domestically. In line with our previously communicated capital allocation priorities, we repurchased approximately 400,000 shares during the quarter and 1.2 million during the first nine months at a total cost of $75 million and $193 million respectively. Currently, we have 4.3 million shares available for repurchase. Now, let me turn to the topic of guidance. We are updating guidance for the fourth quarter and expect non-GAAP revenue under ASC 605 in the range of $337 million to $347 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.26 to $1.32. Non-GAAP revenue under ASC 606 is in the range of $352 million to $372 million, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.39 to $1.55. For the full-year, we are increasing both our revenue and EPS outlook for ASC 606. Under ASC 605, we are also increasing our EPS and maintaining our revenue outlook, while absorbing some slight currency headwinds. These increases in our outlook reflect a strong performance in the third quarter combined with our confidence and continued positive business momentum for the remainder of the year. This translates into our updated guidance for 2018 of non-GAAP revenue under ASC 605 in the range of $1.229 billion to $1.239 billion or constant currency growth of 10% to 11%, and EPS in the range of $5.18 to $5.24. Non-GAAP revenue under ASC 606 is in the range of $1.237 billion to $1.257 billion and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $5.25 to $5.41. With respect to the contribution from the OPTIS business, our outlook remains largely in line with what we had communicated since we closed the acquisition in early May, or a range of $25 million to $26 million of revenue for 2018. We are also updating the midpoint of our ACV outlook for 2018 to factor in both, the strong Q3 results as well as our increased confidence since we last provided guidance. Our increased outlook for ACV is a range of $1.262 billion to $1.282 billion. This represents constant currency ACV growth of 11% to 13% over the 2017 baseline. And we're also increasing our outlook for annual operating cash flows to a range of $455 million to $480 million. For modeling purposes, we are expecting fourth quarter operating margins of 40% to 41% under ASC 605 and 43% to 45% under ASC 606. Fourth quarter operating expenses reflect disproportionately higher sales commissions and increased personnel and department structuring expenses, including an expectation for an accelerated pace of hiring as compared to Q3. For the full year, we expect operating margins of 44% to 45% under ASC 605 and 44.5% to 45.5% under ASC 606. I would like to highlight the fact that on an annual basis, we plan to finish largely in line with or slightly ahead of the operating margin target that we've committed to coming into the year. The importance of annual as opposed to quarterly margins will become a more important consideration as we transition to solely reporting under ASC 606 in 2019. Further details around specific currency rates and other key assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q4 and 2018 are contained in the prepared remarks document. I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be providing our initial outlook for 2019 in February when we announce our final Q4 and 2018 results, and after we had finalized our annual planning process, which is currently underway. In summary, we're pleased to have delivered another excellent quarter with strength across all of our key financial metrics: ACV, top line growth, operating margins, EPS, operating cash flows, and deferred revenue and backlog. Our strong third quarter performance combined with the business results from the first nine months give us confidence that our continued focus on execution and investing in the business supplemented by the large base of recurring business, strong customer relationships and a healthy sales pipeline provide a solid foundation to deliver on our 2018 goals as well as our longer-term 2020 financial targets. Operator, we will now open the phone lines to start the Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from Ken Wong of Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Hoi Fung Wong - Guggenheim Securities: Hey, Ajei. So, you guys saw a nice uptick in ACV growth. Can you maybe dive in a little deeper on kind of what the key drivers are, was it attach, pricing, better utilization? And then on the flip side, maybe help us reconcile the solid ACV growth with the 13% decline in bookings for the quarter?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So, let me address – let me ask Maria to address the second part of the question first and then I'll come back to the first part.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah, so, Ken, I think if you take a look, we've gotten away from disclosing bookings because of the volatility that ASC 606 introduces. But the short answer is, if you take a look at last year's Q3, when we announced at that time the largest deal in the company's history, that drove bookings to a 38% growth, which it should come as no surprise that because those multiyear deals are going to have a tendency to fall in different quarters, that can drive the volatility in the bookings number. And that's why we've been communicating that we think it's better for people to focus on ACV as a leading indicator of the health of the business and how we're doing against our sales performance.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: And as far as the drivers for the ACV growth are concerned, I think I addressed some of them in my comments in the script. Essentially, we saw strong performance across all of the geographies and we saw really good performance in the verticals, in the industries pretty much across all of them and I called out a few of them. And I think that's reflective of two things. One is there is tremendous market demand for the kinds of solutions and products that we offer our customers and obviously our customers think that we have terrific capabilities to bring to market as well. So, I think you put it all together. Great demand for our offerings, great technology, great capabilities, we were able to execute against that. And then as I finally said in my comments, the go-to-market that we introduced about a year ago is successful, we're seeing results and that's also contributed to our success this quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Gabriela Borges of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question, either for Ajei or Maria, a question on the macro. The results in your commentary suggest that the environment out there is pretty stable, so I'll ask the forward-looking question which is, what are some of the leading indicators in your business that may or may not indicate any type of slowing? And how do you think about the sensitivity of the business if some of your customers do come under pressure into next year? Thank you.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, obviously, we can look at the overall pipeline that we have in our business and we have a pretty deep level of conversation with some of our customers. As I explained in the call, we have some amount of our revenue that comes from large customers and we're deeply engaged with them and we have a certain amount of the business which just drives through the more transactional channels that we have in the market. We are currently seeing a very strong pipeline, as you know, over three quarters of our business, I think 77% of our business comes through recurring revenue, so that is very stable. And we continue to see good demand for what we're doing. So with that high recurring revenue, the strong diversity across the geographies that I mentioned, the diversity across industries, the good technology, the multiple routes to market, we feel very confident in our business. We're not seeing any slowdown in the pace of customer interest, we're not seeing any slowdown in the sense of customer urgency. And in fact it's quite the contrary if you start to look at some of these broader conversations that we're having with customers, it's about how their business is going to get transformed. We're having conversations with automotive companies about helping them with ADAS and self-driving vehicles. And the market demands for those are so high, customers are investing in those areas. We're having conversations with customers about electrification and we're having success in that space, 5G, all of these are areas where customers continue to make investments. And with the breadth and the depth of our technology, we're addressing some of the most pressing problems in product design today. And so, we are very excited about our future.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Pfau of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Matthew Charles Pfau - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to follow-up on the margin commentary, and so you expect operating margins to come at the high end, or perhaps, better than where you originally expected coming into the year. So, just perhaps some commentary on what's driving that? Is it just a factor of delayed hiring or there are other factors involved in margins coming in better than expected? Thanks.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. So, I would say for the quarter, as I said in my prepared remarks, it was really two things. One, the reality is the summer season and a third of our business comes out of EMEA, which tends to have a – even extended time off period, which caused delays in primarily hiring, which is about 70% of our spend today. So, the combination of the summer season as well as the unique talent that we're looking for, whether it's in R&D or field engineering in particular, which are two areas that we are disproportionately targeting to hire into, it is a bit more challenging than say three or four years ago. So, we will continue to aggressively hire so that we can position ourselves well as we head into 2019 given all the opportunities that we see ahead of us.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Ajei, when you look into Q4 and perhaps into 2019, could you comment on how you're thinking about growth by end markets in the – most recent trailing 12-month period, you certainly had quite good bookings growth for Aero and A&D. But the comps for auto are going to get increasingly difficult for the next few quarters anyway. So when you look at your other verticals, could you comment perhaps on how you think industrial materials, that's electronics and so forth, might perform, in terms of your assumptions for the next period. Also on the hiring front, you're not alone in looking particularly for AEs. All of your engineering peers Cadence, Synopsys, PTC and others are looking to do the same thing. So there is clearly a race on for that kind of personnel capacity measuring now across the industry at least in the hundreds. So could you comment on the availability and perhaps how you're targeting your AE hiring by BU?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So to the second question about recruiting, obviously, we are looking for highly skilled individuals across a number of physics – a number of our areas of physics and we are investing across the board. And so, yes, it is competitive and obviously we feel like we have a great value proposition for our employees and it's driven by a number of things. One is we think we have really exciting products and we serve really exciting customers and I think that that's a factor that causes people to want to come here. We've also continued to build out academic relationships from the purposes of recruiting. We're a quality place to work. We're building the right level of relationships that we need. So, while we're continuing to be as Maria said a little bit behind the curve in terms of recruiting, we have been recruiting and we're excited about our opportunities to continue to be able to recruit in the future. And we're cranking up the engine as we go into next year. So that's the first piece of the question – the second part of the question. The first part of your question was around the verticals. And I think as I said in the comments, we see activity across all of the different verticals, I mentioned high-tech, you mentioned automotive in your question, we also mentioned – I mentioned high-tech in the comments. We've also had aerospace and defense, a fair amount of activity this quarter and we see that in our pipeline as well. So, I'm actually seeing a relatively broad industry split. And I don't see any particular area that we would look at and say hey, this is an area of concern.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Talanian of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Talanian - Evercore ISI: Hi, thanks for taking the question. To follow-up on some of the subject matter earlier, I realize it's early but I was wondering if you could rank some of the factors that might positively impact ACV growth in 2019, and then contrast that with some factors that might represent a headwind?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: So, I would say the same factors that are impacting ACV growth this year, we expect to continue into next year. So at the top of the funnel we will continue to see progress relative to our enterprise and strategic accounts as they continue to expand usage, adopt new users, we think Discovery Live as we continue to see broader adoption of that product in our enterprise accounts will drive ACV growth. And in the momentum and territory accounts, we're seeing good progress as well and our channel is very strong and delivering good new business growth. So I would say the same factors that we're seeing driving double digit ACV growth this year. We will expect as we enter into 2019 and we'll talk about more of that in February when we get deeper into our guidance and outlook around 2019.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: And just to amplify the comments that Maria just made and I talked a little bit about this in my comments as well. We're taking a thoughtful approach to go-to-market and for the larger accounts where we see more opportunity, we're investing more with those customers and that includes with certain customers doing a little bit of incremental services. And what that's translating to is, our opportunity to deliver broader-based solutions to these customers, which means larger deals, it means multi-physics deals and it means multi-year or deeper levels of engagements. So all of that drives customer activity, it drives the size of the opportunities and obviously it drives the annualized view of what the numbers look like and that's reflected in the ACV. So that's one piece of it. We've also made investments in our ACE organization this year and we continue to make investments in the ACE organization. And even though it is – there is a war for talent we've been successful in recruiting people. I think in the last quarter we grew our business by a net of 100 people, which is quite considerable given that we are relatively small company in terms of head count. So the engine is moving, we're able to bring people onboard and our field engineering organization is able to engage – our ACE organization is able to engage with customers at the right level and of course that helps our customers be successful but it also drives more business for us. And so there's a number of different dimensions that we've been driving and setting ourselves up for in the last year, essentially along the lines that we talked about in the go-to-market transformation messaging that we gave you guys a year ago at Investor Day. And what you're seeing right now in the results is the success of what we said we would do and obviously we see the momentum of this continuing as we move forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, thanks. Hi guys. Wanted to follow-up on in terms of the hiring piece, but I wanted to ask from this standpoint. As you embarked on the effort to improve the overall growth of the company, you mentioned the need for the incremental hires AEs as Jay was mentioning et cetera. I just wondered where you feel we are in the progress of where you think you need to get to in terms of head count staffing to be able to drive the kind of growth that you want?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: I think, we will talk about our plans for next year and go through our head count plans for next year when we talk about next year's guidance in our – when we announce Q4, and so that will be in February I believe. So I think we'll go through more details on that. What I can say is that we made a conscious decision this year to bring on board incremental ACE resources significantly more than we had in previous years and we've made good progress towards doing that.
Operator: The next question comes from Rich Valera of Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. A couple of regional questions, understanding you guys just put up a strong quarter in Germany. There's been some fairly cautionary comments coming out of the German auto OEMs and likewise, the Chinese auto OEMs. Just wondering if you are seeing any hesitation from that kind of perhaps end-market weakness they are seeing. And then on South Korea last quarter, you had mentioned you thought that would pick up in the second half and wanted to know if you thought that would pick up in 4Q since it looks like it didn't pick up in 3Q? Thank you.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So, let me address the question about automotive. As we've said I think pretty consistently over the last few quarters, maybe a year, some of the areas of investment in automotive have to do with ADAS, autonomous vehicles, electrification. Those are all the big areas where the OEMs are making, I would say significant levels of investments and it's not just the OEMs, it's the entire supply chain. If you think about the transformation this represents, it's people retooling to take advantage of different technologies, moving from an internal combustion engine to electric solution requires a significant change, starting to think about automotive, the testing that's involved, how you validate autonomous vehicles. All of those are significant changes from business as usual. And that's where the investment is taking place in the automotive industry. And frankly, all of that plays directly to our capabilities in our sweet spot. So, we feel very confident that the technologies and the solutions that we provide are in demand not only by the OEMs, but the entire automotive supply chain.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. And on the South Korea question, as we mentioned on the last call, we've been working relative to changes in the go-to-market and working through account assignments because we do have a hybrid model in South Korea. And so as you can imagine working through go-to-market changes don't happen in one quarter, but we are confident based on what we're seeing relative to the pipeline and the progress around those that transformation that we will continue to see positive results in Q4, and as we enter 2019 as those go-to-market and account assignments are completed.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Oliver of Robert W. Baird & Co. Please go ahead.
Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Good morning. It's Matt Lemenager on behalf of Rob this morning. I had a question on the partnerships. So there's a slew of them now and the number of them has kind of ramped over the past 12, 24 months. Which of the partnerships, whether it's PTC, SAP, maybe Synopsys are expected to have the earliest impact on the P&L? And does late 2019 feel like the right timeframe to think about that for that kicking in and having an impact? Thank you.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, I think the way you should think about these partnerships is that in each one of these – each one of them is different. And in the first year of the partnerships, we're really building out the product. So you should really expect relatively modest contribution as the partnership starts to get into high gear. As you well know, these kinds of relationships are multi-year relationships, and these are not quick wins that result in incremental revenue overnight, because you're talking about new products being brought to market, you're talking about training additional sales forces and so on and so forth. So I would just urge you to be – well, the way we think about these partnerships is that these are strategically important, but these are long-term activities. And as we think about our business, they represent an adjacent avenue for growth for us in the long term.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Koenig of Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi ANSYS, thanks for taking my question. Congrats to Maria here on your 80th earnings anniversary. I got a ways to catch up with you, Maria.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: I'm – oh, yes. So, Rob, kind of got at some of – I was going to ask about kind of the sequencing of the adjacencies in terms of what's most significant. Currently I imagine OPTIS is fairly significant, the autonomous is contributing somewhat. And then what's the longer – how do they sequence longer term in terms of what looks potentially the largest down the road. But if I could just maybe add to that as well, I'm wondering what, if anything, is the opportunity to apply more IP in the area of machine learning and AI to any of these adjacencies, and also more broadly in the domain of comp sci type IP. What sorts of things would you like to see to accelerate your roadmap?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So, couple of quick questions about – so the ordering of some of these adjacencies. Obviously, we have products in the market with respect to the Discovery family of products today. Again that's early. But I gave a couple of examples of customers and obviously our relationship with PTC as I described is based upon them bringing a product to market actually relatively soon. Jim Heppelmann, who is the CEO of PTC, has described the Discovery Live technology as being jaw-dropping. And I think that they're very excited about that as they bring the technology to market. So, I think that that's obviously something that we see happening in the shorter term. We did an acquisition of OPTIS earlier this year, and OPTIS gave us some really important technology with respect to optics, lidar, radar. And we also have now as a result of the OPTIS solution, we have a closed loop simulation environment that allows us to be successful we believe in the ADAS testing space to allow our customers to validate miles without having to physically drive miles but use testing – and use simulation as a way of being able to validate the functions of an autonomous vehicle. So that's another area where we've made investments. We talked about it last year. We've made investments and we're delivering product in the marketplace today. So I think those are some areas in the – as you think about digital twin, those represent a little bit further out, I would say than some of these other areas because digital twin is still, I would say, a number of customers are very excited about the technology, but it represents a longer term rollout because it requires a change in the way people think about how they're maintaining their equipment, the way they're managing their businesses, and so there's a – I would say, that that's a little bit longer term as we think about some of these adjacencies. And so, that perhaps gives you some context. To your second point about machine learning. Look, we believe that physics-based simulation and machine learning AI are very complementary. And we believe that our hybrid approach is quite viable and could be very valuable. And we've embraced and we've used machine learning methods and tools for quite some time, actually well before the current buzz around this area. And as with everything that we do, our objective is to make sure that we can advance the capabilities of the physics-based simulations that we bring to market. And so to give you a couple of examples, so our RedHawk-SC product, it's based on big data and machine learning techniques to enable rapid design iterations. And the whole idea is that using this technology, which combines machine learning and physics-based simulation, engineers can now make better design decisions than they could before. We're also making use of machine learning techniques, for example, in specific use cases – for example, we're looking – we're figuring out and inferring the optical properties of materials, where we're using machine learning in some of the ADAS scenario generation. So to be able to do automated testing for ADAS, you want to automatically generate the road scenarios, we're using machine learning to help do that. We're using machine learning to help design smart assistants to gauge HPC resource usage and so on. So we're very confident about where we're going. We think that AI machine learning techniques will complement what we're doing, and our traditional simulation technology, physics-based simulation and for our customers we think that means that they can just be more efficient and effective when designing their products.
Operator: The next question comes from Ross MacMillan of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks so much. Maria, I just wanted to ask, if we look at ASC 606 and ASC 605, obviously ASC 605 revenues are tightened but maintained for the year, ASC 606 are going up. And I think I understand the implications of a shift to lease versus perpetual and how that impacts ASC 606. But is there anything else happening on lease that is having an influence rather than just that mix shift? And I guess specifically, anything happening on average duration of these deals that would also be impacting the amount of revenue that gets booked to perpetual with that shift?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Relative to duration, Ross, no, there's been no change in duration. What I'd say is on the ASC 606 front, as we've been saying all year that the multi-year lease deals, particularly in the larger accounts, are heavily skewed to Q4, mostly around customers, yearend spending and budgeting and planning activities. So the disparity between ASC 605 and ASC 606 is largely driven by the difference in revenue recognition, as well as the timing of the larger deals that drives some of the volatility depending on the timing of when they close under ASC 606.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Frankiewicz of Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Alexander Frankiewicz - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just had a question on Discovery Live in terms of general adoption. How is that going versus the plan so far? And do you see any potential competition arising from Altair's recent acquisition of SIMSOLID?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So, we're actually very pleased with the adoption of Discovery Live. We continue to see good customer traction. I gave you an example and there are a couple of kinds of customers who are looking at Discovery Live or – one is of course the larger customers where we've historically had some technology and they are looking at the use of Discovery by their design teams, and that leads to a subsequent purchase and then larger purchases down the road. And then the second area is we're seeing customers who have previously never used simulation before being able to use Discovery, because it's just so easy for them to use. So, I'm actually – I think we're pretty much on where we expected to be with respect to our internal milestones, both from a customer adoption perspective as well as from a product release perspective. And since the launch in February we've had two major product releases and we continued to add technology and capabilities to our products. So, I'm very excited about that. You asked to comment about competition, it's perhaps helpful to sort of just reflect on exactly what Discovery Live is. Discovery Live is fundamentally trailblazing technology and it sets the bar for a transformative user experience for design engineers. Now, we know that others see that – they recognize the same opportunity that we see. And this is an opportunity where ANSYS can fundamentally change product design by democratizing simulation. And while we see competitors incrementally improving existing tools and technologies either by organic activities or through acquisitions, we have yet to see frankly anything as transformative as Discovery Live. We believe Discovery Live is in a class of its own. And I referenced some of the comments from PTC for example earlier on this. You've got to realize that Discovery Live builds on a whole new solver architecture that's based on GPUs. It's essentially orders of magnitude faster than traditional 3D method. And it supports multiple physics and multi-physics simulation, and that gives design engineers the intuitive insight that they're expecting. I mean, it essentially makes simulation as easy as a video game for a designer. So we don't – we are excited by the technology, we don't see – we think the bar is very high and we're not seeing anything else in the marketplace that's like it right now. Now I am really excited about the portfolio that we have. With Discovery Live, we've got speed; we've got interactivity with our flagship solvers. There's an enormous breadth and depth and accuracy. Taken together, our portfolio frankly is simply unrivaled in the industry today.
Operator: The next question comes from Saket Kalia of Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys, thanks for squeezing me in here. Maybe just one because most of my questions have been answered. Ajei, maybe for you, you talked about adding on other resellers, notably a couple that were some large Autodesk resellers. Can you just maybe give us some broad brushes on the strategy there and perhaps how Discovery Live could maybe work with other CAD tools in addition to PTC?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: I think the comment that you made about working with resellers, we have a pretty broad strategy for our reseller community around the world. And we're essentially looking to in key areas – and for key coverage areas, we're looking to bring resellers on board who are familiar with simulation, who understand what we do and are in a position to broaden our go-to-market. And the two – and the examples that I gave in my prepared remarks were examples of companies that have been able to satisfy those metrics and are able to help us, and of course we can help them with great product and great capabilities. As far as Discovery Live is concerned, we believe that it's a simulation, it's a simulation solution. Discovery Live is not a CAD offering. It's CAD agnostic. We're not a CAD offering. The guys that do CAD do a number of things that Discovery Live has no intention whatsoever of doing. Discovery Live is a simulation solution and it works with CAD. It adds to CAD a completely different dimension. And that's why customers are excited about it.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ajei Gopal, Chief Executive Officer, for any closing remarks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Thanks so much, Andrew. So I continue to be extremely pleased with our performance – our outstanding performance through the year and the progress that we're making towards those strategic initiatives. Our pervasive simulation strategy is resonating with customers and our broad go-to-market changes are yielding results. We continue to strengthen our core products and we are making the right investments in next generation offerings. And in conclusion, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners and as always a shout out to my ANSYS colleagues, thank you all so much for your efforts and thank you for another exceptional quarter. Thank you all for joining the call today. I look forward to our next discussion. Please enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Annette N. Arribas - ANSYS, Inc. Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc. Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.
Analysts: Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Gal Munda - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC Kenneth Talanian - Evercore ISI Rob Oliver - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS' Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, Chief Executive Officer; Maria Shields, SVP and Chief Financial Officer; and Annette Arribas, Senior Director, Global Investor Relations. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Arribas for some opening remarks.
Annette N. Arribas - ANSYS, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks documents have been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all of the key financial information and supporting data relative to our second quarter and our first half financial results and business update, as well as our initial Q3 and updated fiscal year 2018 outlook and the key underlying assumptions. I'd like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance, as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information, unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures and unless otherwise stated, for purposes of comparability, we'll be presenting results in accordance with ASC 605. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures under both ASC 605 and ASC 606 are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you, Annette, and good morning, everyone. Q2 was an excellent quarter across all key metrics, which has led to an outstanding first half of 2018. In Q2, we delivered constant currency revenue growth of 10%, and our operating margins and EPS exceeded the high end of our guidance under both ASC 605 and ASC 606. Our Q2 ASC 605 revenue and EPS are both second quarter records for ANSYS. Our deferred revenue and backlog increased 24% year-over-year to $816 million. Annualized contract value or ACV grew 10% in constant currency for the first half of the year. Both of these metrics are leading indicators of the robust health of our business. Given our strong performance to date in 2018 and the strength of our pipeline going into the second half of the year, we are increasing our EPS guidance for the full year. We're also adjusting our revenue guidance to reflect an increase in our constant currency revenue outlook, but in the context of an adverse currency impact of about $15 million since we last provided guidance. Maria will provide more details in a few minutes. Large deals helped to drive our success in the quarter with 35 customers recording orders of over $1 million, an increase of 25% over the second quarter of 2017. These customers tend to buy multiple products from the ANSYS portfolio and consistent with last quarter, over 75% of these customers purchase products from at least three of our product lines. Our largest customer this quarter had combined orders of over $30 million across four product lines. Our success in engineering services in the context of our momentum with enterprise and strategic accounts is another highlight of this quarter. We reported Q2 and first half constant currency services revenue growth of 40% and 30%, respectively, albeit up a smaller denominator. This is evidence that we are succeeding in leveraging our world-class engineering services talent to drive customer adoption of our portfolio. This is a direct result of the focused and incremental investments we have made in our field engineering team and in our go-to-market strategy around this important class of customers. I'm delighted with the performance of our North American business and with the ongoing recovery of our European business. Europe grew 11% and 10% in constant currency in Q2 and in the first half respectively, continuing the significant turnaround for that region. As we had planned, sales in Asia-Pacific are back-end loaded this year and hence APJ had a relatively slower growth for the quarter and the first half. I'm excited that our key regions of China and Japan delivered solid revenue growth for the quarter. However, the slower pace of implementation of go-to-market changes in South Korea impacted performance in that country and some centralized purchasing of enterprise deals muted results in India. With an expanded pipeline of larger deals, the ongoing addition of incremental enterprise sales resources in the region and the completion of our go-to-market changes, we are optimistic about our Asia-Pacific performance in the second half of the year. Representing about 24% of total revenue, our indirect channel is a key area of focus. During the first half of 2018, we added 11 new channel partners, including 8 in Europe. We also increased our Elite channel partners to 20 from an initial group of 5. Our channel partners' certification levels across our product portfolio has also increased and they continue to add sales capacity and technical resources and enhance their capabilities. From an industry perspective, automotive and high-tech continue to perform strongly, with notable wins driven by the rise in electronics and the push to autonomy and electrification. We saw a wonderful example of the power of our electrification solution recently when our partner, Volkswagen Motorsport, shattered the time record at the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb by nearly 16 seconds using an all-electric racecar. ANSYS was very proud to be selected as Volkswagen Motorsport's strategic technology partner of choice for simulating the mission-critical aspects of the electric propulsion system and the overall car design. I'm also excited that we continue to make advances in our Startup Program. Today we have over 500 innovative young companies from around the world using the power of ANSYS solutions to build their next-generation products and services. Now last year we described our vision of Pervasive Simulation where simulation becomes critical across the entire product life cycle. Our core business relies on driving innovation into our flagship solutions of mechanical, fluids, electromagnetics, semiconductors and systems. ANSYS 19.1 released during Q2 bolters our leadership across all of our key physics. This comprehensive release features advances across our portfolio to improve reliability, performance, speed and overall user experience. These dramatic improvements are driving high-value multiphysics sales across the regions and the industries we serve. For example, Eldor Corporation, a global manufacturing leader for automotive systems, expanded their adoption of ANSYS electronics and HPC solutions to support next-generation electric powertrain development. Extending their adoption of a multiphysics platform based on ANSYS structural, CFD and electromagnetic products enables Eldor to further ensure the reliability of their designs, while increasing simulation efficiency or critical to responding to this rapidly evolving market. Multiphysics was a critical topic at June's DAC, the major semiconductor industry conference. We were excited to have dozens of customers share their best practices on how they use ANSYS solutions beyond the traditional signoff area, leveraging the power of multiphysics simulations, big data analytics, and chip package system co-analyses to tackle the challenges of 7 nanometers and 3D IC design, just to name a few. This new functionality will help them to innovate by exceeding their power, performance and area goals. A great example of our customers' success was outlined in a press release yesterday with HiSilicon Technologies, a subsidiary of Huawei. They are relying on ANSYS' suite of semiconductor and electronics simulation solutions for power integrity and reliability signoff to address complex multiphysics challenges. These include on-chip thermal effects, aging, thermal-aware statistical electromigration budgeting, electrostatic discharge, as well as the creation of chip power models for simulating the entire package and system. HiSilicon is using ANSYS RedHawk-SC, our next-generation system-on-chip power noise and reliability signoff solution to enable design success for all advanced process nodes, including 7 nanometer and 5 nanometer. Our successes with RedHawk-SC was also showcased at DAC. I'm excited that all of our 7-nanometer RedHawk customers are using or deploying RedHawk-SC for signoff of their most complex products and design. These designs are at the heart of innovations in artificial intelligence, autonomous vehicles, 5G, mobile devices and so on. Our successes with RedHawk-SC go beyond the Tier-1 chip makers. We're seeing rapid adoption by a number of hardware startups focused on chip development for artificial intelligence. But to become truly pervasive, simulation must move beyond the product design phase and move upstream into ideation and downstream into operations. ANSYS Discovery Live, which we introduced in Q1, provides instantaneous 3D simulation and direct geometry modeling to enable interactive design exploration and rapid product innovation. We saw early success with ANSYS Discovery Live with China Southern Power Grid, which provides electricity to over 250 million people. This Fortune Global 100 company is using Discovery Live for digital exploration, resulting in a 3x improvement in tower design times. The company also signed a contract in Q2 to expand its ANSYS usage across physics, including structures, fluids, electromagnetics, as well as high-performance computing. This expansion also enables their design teams to collaborate across engineering disciplines using an integrated workflow based on the ANSYS Workbench platform. Also in Q2, we announced an exciting new partnership with PTC. They are developing a differentiated solution for their customers that embed Discovery Live's simulation engine into their Creo 3D CAD offering. With the combined solution which removes the boundaries between CAD and simulation, engineers will be able to see the real-time results of simulation during the modeling process. This will enable them to rapidly make tradeoffs and design changes in their models. With PTC's significant presence in the designer space, our partnership broadens our reach to design engineers around the world. Although there's no impact on our 2018 revenue while the solution is in development, early customer feedback has been overwhelmingly positive. Simulation can also play a critical role demonstrated in product operations through the use of digital twins. While digital twin adoption is still in its early stages, we're seeing significant interest from customers. Many companies have challenges in maintaining assets that are in remote or hostile locations. And so it's no surprise that companies in mining, energy as well as construction sites with heavy machinery are early adopters of the Internet of Things and digital twin technology. In Q2, we released ANSYS Twin Builder, the only solution that offers a packaged approach for digital twins, enabling engineers to quickly build, validate and deploy these digital representations of physical products. The open solution integrates with any industrial IoT platform and contains run-time deployment capabilities for constant monitoring of every individual asset used during operations. The solution empowers customers to perform diagnostics and troubleshooting, determine the ideal maintenance programs, optimize the performance of each asset, and generate insightful data to improve the next generation of products. Our longtime customer Regal is a great digital twin success story. Regal is a leading manufacturer of electric motors, power generation and power transmission products serving markets worldwide. Regal leveraged ANSYS simulation to build a digital twin, enabling them to iterate on the design, optimizing both software and hardware. Their digital twin helped them understand the performance impact of design changes within minutes and validate that the new design met market requirements. Likewise, Regal leveraged ANSYS' mechanical, fluids, embedded software and systems tools to reduce the design time from six weeks down to a few days. I'm also delighted that in Q2, we announced an innovative partnership with software giant SAP. They're embedding ANSYS' technology for digital twins into their extensive digital supply chain, manufacturing and asset management portfolio, introducing a new product called SAP Predictive Engineering Insights enabled by ANSYS. This new solution, which introduces ANSYS simulation to operations and asset managers, ties together engineering models, manufacturing details and operational insights, including financial information. Connecting these diverse data sets enables businesses to evaluate the real-time working conditions of physical objects and remotely monitor products and assets, empowering them to quickly detect and fix issues if something goes wrong, as well as to make design improvements to future releases. This relationship is particularly exciting for ANSYS because of SAP's enterprise product portfolio and extensive customer reach. Now while we're not expecting any revenue for ANSYS in 2018 while our engineering teams are working on the new product, initial customer feedback from customers has been very positive. And finally, on the product side, we're seeing strong interest and increased opportunities from our recent acquisition of OPTIS. As you may remember, OPTIS is the leading provider of physics-based simulation software for light, human vision and visualization. This best-in-class technology helps to extend our industry leadership and drive full portfolio sales, particularly in the automotive vertical. The $30 million Q2 deal I mentioned earlier was with one of the world's leading automotive companies. And like many of our automotive customers, this company is facing mounting pressures to bring new, autonomous and electric vehicle technology to market as quickly as possible. This industry leader who's also a customer of OPTIS realized that further investment in ANSYS' flagship solutions, including electromagnetics and functional safety, will increase their simulation efficiency which is crucial to rapid innovation. Now before I close, I want to give you an update on our Board of Directors. First, I would like to thank two of our longstanding board members, Brad Morley and Pat Zilvitis who retired earlier this year, for their many years of dedicated service. And I'd like to welcome to our board two accomplished executives with extensive experience at leading technology companies; Nicole Anasenes and Glenda Dorchak. Along with Dr. Alec Gallimore who joined the board in December, they bring a wealth of thought leadership and experience to our outstanding Board of Directors and we are very much looking forward to the value they will bring to our growing enterprise. I will now turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financial results in more detail. Maria?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Ajei shared a few key highlights from our results. And now let me take a few minutes to add some additional commentary around our second quarter and first half financial performance. I will close my prepared remarks with an update on our outlook and key assumptions for Q3 and 2018. Before I begin, I would like to remind everyone that during the first year of adoption of revenue recognition under ASC 606, we have been and will continue to provide financial results and outlook under both ASC 605 and ASC 606. Additionally, any comments that I make relative to growth rates will be comparing Q2 2018 to Q2 2017 results under ASC 605 and in constant currency. I will provide key financial metrics under both ASC 605 and ASC 606 and consistent with our standard practice, my comments will be in terms of non-GAAP, unless I state otherwise. Our record Q2 results reflect continued strong momentum and execution across the business. Despite a stronger U.S. dollar that adversely affected our revenue by approximately $2 million as compared to our forecasted exchange rates, we posted revenue growth of 13% or 10% in constant currency. Operating margins and EPS were above the high end of our guidance under both ASC 605 and ASC 606. Our strong second quarter and first half performance give us confidence that we are on a path to continue to make progress against our strategic priorities and to deliver another year of record financial results in 2018. Our key financial metrics for the quarter begin with Q2 constant currency ACV growth of 8% and 10% growth for the first half of the year. Second quarter revenue under ASC 605 and ASC 606 totaled $299 million and $309 million respectively, and include positive currency impacts of $6.8 million and $6.3 million as compared to last year. The increase in software license sales combined with strong maintenance renewals contributed to our deferred revenue and backlog under ASC 605 of $816 million, representing a record Q2 high and a 24% increase over last year's comparable balance. Deferred revenue and backlog under ASC 606 totaled $587 million. Recurring revenue for the quarter under ASC 605 grew 11% in constant currency to a total of $228 million or 76% of total revenue. Under ASC 606, recurring revenue totaled $225 million or 73% of total revenue. Under either method, our growing base of recurring revenue gives us good insight and predictability into our future performance. The strong top line performance helped to drive a second quarter gross margin of 90% under both accounting methods and an operating margin of 45.5% under ASC 605 and 47.3% under ASC 606. The Q2 operating margin was above the high end of the guidance ranges that we had previously provided. Margins were positively impacted by revenue results finishing at the upper end of our revenue guidance when factoring in the strengthening of the U.S. dollar beyond the currency ranges provided with our previous guidance, particularly against the euro and the British pound. The ASC 606 revenue and margins were favorably impacted by the timing of deliverables under a single contract that yielded $12.5 million of revenue in the second quarter. This revenue was originally anticipated to be recorded in Q3 of this year. This is a good example of contracts that can cause the increased volatility that we expect in our ASC 606 results. We also experienced a slightly slower pace of hiring than we had planned for the quarter. These delays were partially attributable to OPTIS integration activities that have been taking place across the teams since the closing of the deal in early May. We reported second quarter EPS of $1.24 under ASC 605 and $1.35 under ASC 606. With respect to taxes, our effective tax rate in Q2 was 22%, which was at the lower end of the range that we had guided coming into the quarter. Going forward, we have updated our estimates and expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 19% to 21% for Q3 and 21% to 22% for the full year. This includes an anticipated non-recurring net tax benefit of approximately $5 million or $0.06 that we expect to record in Q3. This net benefit relates to certain subsidiary activities, including entity structuring, that are currently underway. Our cash flow from operations totaled $111 million for the quarter and $244 million for the first half. We closed the quarter with a total of $696 million in cash and short-term investments, of which 76% is held domestically. Now let me turn to the topic of guidance. We are initiating guidance for the third quarter and expect non-GAAP revenue under ASC 605 in the range of $302 million to $312 million, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.25 to $1.31. Non-GAAP revenue under ASC 606 is in the range of $265 million to $285 million, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.93 to $1.07. For the full year, we are increasing our constant currency revenue guidance. But due to the movements in currency rates that I mentioned earlier, we are also revising our outlook to reflect the estimated negative $15 million impact on revenue due to currency in the second half of the year. We are also increasing our EPS outlook for the full year. This increase reflects the strong performance in the second quarter combined with our confidence in continued positive business momentum for the remainder of the year. This translates into our updated outlook for 2018 of non-GAAP revenue under ASC 605 in a range of $1.223 billion to $1.245 billion or constant currency growth of 10% to 11% at the midpoint, and EPS in the range of $4.97 to $5.09. Non-GAAP revenue under ASC 606 is in the range of $1.210 billion to $1.250 billion, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $4.87 to $5.14. With respect to the contribution from the OPTIS business, our outlook remains largely in line with what we had communicated last quarter or a range of $25 million to $26 million of revenue for 2018. We're also updating our ACV outlook for 2018 to factor in the negative impacts from changes in currency rates since we last provided guidance. Our revised outlook for ACV is a range of $1.252 billion to $1.282 billion. This represents constant currency ACV growth of 9% to 12% over the 2017 baseline or approximately 10% to 11% at the midpoint. We are also maintaining our outlook for operating cash flows other than a slight currency adjustment and narrowing of the range to $435 million to $470 million. I would like to remind everyone that our outlook for operating cash flow in 2018 includes our current estimated adverse impact of approximately $12 million to $15 million related to the acceleration of income tax payments under ASC 606 that is associated with deferred revenue and backlog credited to retained earnings that will never be recognized as revenue in the company's financial statements. For modeling purposes, we are expecting third quarter operating margins of 44% to 45% under ASC 605 and 37% to 40% under ASC 606. And for the full year, we expect operating margins of 44% to 45% under ASC 605 and 43% to 45% under ASC 606. Further details around specific currency rates and other key assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q3 and 2018 are contained in the prepared remarks document. In summary, we delivered another solid quarter with strength across our key financial metrics: ACV, top line growth, operating margins, EPS, operating cash flows, and deferred revenue and backlog. The strong second quarter and first half performance give us confidence that our continued focus on execution and investing in the business combined with the ongoing growth in our recurring business, our strong customer relationships and healthy sales pipelines provide a solid foundation to continue to deliver on our 2018 goals, as well as our longer-term 2020 financial targets. Operator, we can now open the phone lines to take questions, please.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is from Monika Garg of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Maria, first question is your total revenue yearly guidance is unchanged in spite of currency impact of $15 million. But then you are reducing ACV guidance by $15 million due to FX, because I'm trying to understand if it's not impacting revenue, why it is impacting ACV.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: So, Monika, relative to the outlook for the full year on revenue guidance, it is slightly modified up after factoring in the currency impact of $15 million. And from an ACV perspective, the same thing, really the only changes to ACV at this point are factoring in the negative impact from currency in the second half of the year because of what's transpired in rate changes since we gave guidance in May. There was no other changes to ACV other than for currency.
Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. I mean what I'm trying to understand is the upside you are seeing in the business in the revenue side, won't you also see in the ACV?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. The ACV range, Monika, we've given a wide enough range that we believe that some of the puts and takes that may happen, particularly in Q4 where some of those larger deals are heavily weighted towards. Sometimes, the reality is timing may move those into another quarter. So, we're trying to balance all the variables and factor in timing around large deals and the reality that as you get to the end of the year sometimes with holidays and things, you just run out of runway.
Operator: Thank you very much. The next question is from Gabriela Borges of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning. Congrats on the quarter. I wanted to follow up on a few of the go-to-market initiatives mentioned in the prepared remarks, specifically the build-out of the channel partners and the hiring of technical salespeople. Maybe for Ajei, at a higher level, where are you in the cadence of these investments and how long is it typically between when you add a technical salesperson or a new channel partner, and when do you expect to see a contribution to the pipeline and bookings? If I could ask you also to comment on the in-progress changes in APAC that are mentioned in the prepared remarks. Thank you.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Sure. So, when you think about the changes that we're making and what we announced last year, we said we were going to go through a change in our go-to-market strategy and that would include a greater focus on channel partners and would also include a clear understanding and segmentation of the market with an incremental focus on enterprise accounts and then with our direct sales organization also taking strategic accounts and sort of territory accounts and then working with the channel to make sure that we have a clear segmentation. As part of that process, we clearly recruited a number of new channel partners who've come on-board and that work is ongoing. Obviously, the rate at which channel partners come up to speed depends on their level of background and the amount of work that they've done in our space in the past. We are very diligent in how we choose channel partners and it can take some time to screen them to come on-board. And obviously, they have to come up to speed on our products and so forth. But again, the speed at which they are able to sell depends on their experience in our space. As far as the technical resources are concerned, we continue to recruit and we have been able to add to our technical salespeople or our ACE organization. The pace is not exactly what we would have wanted because obviously we're looking for very, very high skilled people. And so, we're a little bit behind on that, but we still continue to be able to add to our ranks. I think those were the questions. Was there anything that I missed?
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Just on the in-progress changes in APAC and then I have a follow-up on Discovery Live, if I may.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Oh, yes. In APAC, so essentially the point about APAC was, as I mentioned in the script, we have a year that's more – a little bit back-end loaded. And that obviously, the timing of deals obviously then has an overall impact on quarter performance versus year performance. That's number one. Point number two, I would say we were a little bit slower in implementing some of the go-to-market changes that I just talked about in South Korea and that had an impact, I would say, on our performance in that country. And then, the other point I mentioned was around the centralization of some large enterprise deals. Essentially what happens is we serve customers obviously who are global in nature, they have workforces around the world. And we had a few deals where even with workforces in India, the customers chose to purchase at a different country and centralize the purchasing. So, that's the situation over there. It's obviously a multiphysics solution that these customers are going after as opposed to a historical kind of single physics deal. So, that's really the changes that are highlighted in the script.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's very helpful. Thank you. A follow-up is on Discovery Live, what can you share at this point about unit economics? I think we've talked about a $2,000, $4,000, $6,000 price point before. With the PTC agreement, any color you can tell us on the gross margin line and the contribution that could have. And one of the questions that we have is when you look at the price points of CAD solutions, historically they've also been in that same sort of range, the $2,000, $4,000, $5,000 range. When you've gotten customer feedback, has there been any concerns or pushback around while the price of adding on Discovery Live is almost equal or perhaps more than the price of the base CAD solution? And sometimes when you're upselling at that kind of price point, meaning double, that can be a little bit of an uphill battle. So, I would love to hear if any of the feedback from customers has touched on that at all and maybe been positive in spite of that. Thanks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So, firstly, this was our first full quarter of Discovery in the marketplace and we've seen trials increase. We have conducted or we've sold Discovery Live in every single geo, we've sold Discovery through multiple channels and the feedback has been very positive. We're seeing customer traction. I gave you an example in the script of China Southern Power Grid. So, there is clearly market demand for the product. There's validation that the product hits a sweet spot and there's validation that we have it right. So, I'm excited about that. With respect to PTC, that's a royalty arrangement with PTC. So, to your point about margins, it's a royalty arrangement. As far as the revenue impact from the PTC relationship, at this point of time we don't have product in market and we don't expect to see any impact in 2018. We're expecting this to have an impact on the following year. As far as customers' interests are concerned, they don't view this as a – this is not sort of a small add-on to a CAD solution. The Discovery Live, the simulation aspects of Discovery Live are extremely powerful and this is brand-new industry leading capability. So, we're seeing a lot of excitement from customers, especially in the PTC installed base as they think about their Creo users, for them to be able to get CAD we don't see any problem in maintaining the price point at all. So, we don't see that as a problem right now. Obviously, we'll have product in market later on and we'll have hands-on evidence later on, but right now we don't see the price point as a problem at all. And I think I addressed all the questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. Thank you. The next question is from Gal Munda of Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Gal Munda - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I'd like to ask one in terms of the large deals. Now you guys have done three large deals over $30 million over the last three quarters or so. Can you just give us a bit of a color about the opportunity, the way you see in terms of your existing installed base, how many of those customers are starting to look at a overall portfolio, maybe consolidate some of the vendors that are using simulation and what that means for the opportunity in the pipeline of your large deals? Just trying to get an idea, is that out of your customers, is that 20, is it 100s, just kind of if you can ballpark it for us. Thank you.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So, one of the important metrics to consider as you think about our evolution for large deals is to think about the journey that we've been on. And if you look back at the history of ANSYS, we were historically selling single physics and our sales motions were around being able to sell an incremental solver at a time and we were operating very much at the lower levels of the organization. We've obviously moved up over the years and certainly with the changes that Rick – in the go-to-market that I spoke about earlier, the changes that Rick has made, we have a very clear and thoughtful approach to being able to address the needs of our customers. We use channel partners where appropriate, we use inside sales where appropriate, and certainly we have also strategic accounts and enterprise accounts. These are accounts that we believe will be driving significant multi-portfolio sales and as I mentioned in my script, we have – something like 75% of these large million-dollar deals include three or more physics. And so, what you're seeing in the evolution is customers who were previously single physics customers are now expanding their footprint and moving to multiphysics customers. No one shows up on day one as a non-customer of ANSYS and then buys multiple millions of dollars of software across multiple physics. Usually what happens is they'll come in and they'll grow. And so, many of our existing customers and many of these large deals come from customers who've had years of success with ANSYS who are now expanding their use of simulation. The reason they're expanding their use of simulation is not just because we're building, we're reaching them in the best possible way we are. We're trying to meet the customers where they are. We're trying to adjust our go-to-market to address the needs of the customers. So, that's one. But it's also the case that the products that they're dealing with are becoming significantly more complicated. So, if you take, for example, automotive and I mentioned an automotive sale whereas years ago we may have had a conversation with customers about structures or fluids or air flow. Today, the conversation is about electrification. I mentioned the example of Volkswagen Motorsport, it's about electrification, it's about electric drive trains. The conversation is about autonomous and these are all intrinsically multiphysics solutions that include our electronic solutions, our embedded software, optical solutions, we have OPTIS in the case of autonomous and so forth. And so, the nature of the customer problems have changed. We're in the right place at the right time of the right portfolio. We have the right go-to-market and we're in a position to get to the customers as they need to, which is essentially driving the growth of our portfolio. The other point I made in the script is we've made investments in our engineering services organization and we're able to monetize that investment and that also drives adoption and it drives customer success. So, we're very excited about this movement towards larger deals, towards satisfying customer needs at a higher level and we're very optimistic.
Gal Munda - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. And just as a follow-up, when I look at your ACV growth around 8% constant currencies, deferred revenue and backlog still even in constant currencies must be growing above 20%. Can you just talk a bit about that mix shift that's going on still between the perpetual licenses and leases? How does that compare kind of year-on-year? Even, Maria, if you can comment on that. And how does that compare with your expectations that you had? Do you still see more and more leases coming in and are those large contracts mostly, likely to be leases in the future as well? Thank you.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. So, Gal, what I'd say is, I commented in the script, I called out the fact that the recurring revenue streams are growing double digits in constant currency and, no doubt, perpetual licenses are single-digit growth this year. That being said, certain geographies particularly in Asia, as Ajei had alluded to, that are slated for second half tend to be paid up in nature. But no, Gal, as the enterprise and strategic accounts become a larger part of the quarterly business flow, they are choosing leases as opposed to traditional. When they were more single physics customers, they tended to be paid up and now they are migrating. We will continue to have a flexible business model that enables customers to choose because that's the most important element, we believe, as customers migrate to truly broadening the use of multiphysics across the enterprise and adding new products to their portfolio of usage. We need to allow them to license the software under whatever model makes sense for them. And currently a number of those are choosing multiyear leases and we're okay with that.
Operator: Thank you very much. The next question is from Ken Talanian of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Talanian - Evercore ISI: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. So, first for a bit of housekeeping, could you tell us the inorganic contribution to ACV in the quarter and a rough estimate of what you now expect for the year?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah, it's about 4% to 5% for the quarter, and 25% to 30% for the year.
Kenneth Talanian - Evercore ISI: Okay, great. And I guess for Ajei, sort of bigger picture question, but given the big deal activity, I was wondering if you could help us understand what level of upsell you're starting to see on some of these deals as you expand the physics.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: What do you mean what level of upsell? Are you talking about expansion across physics or use cases? Could you clarify, please?
Kenneth Talanian - Evercore ISI: Well, simply, if you are revisiting a renewal with a customer and say they are paying $1 million, on average how much upsell are you getting above the prior run rate?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: It's very hard to give you a formulaic response, because the fact remains that each of these deals, it depends on the industry that the customer happens to be in, it depends on the geos and it depends on the specific initiatives that they have underway. And so, there's no standardized answer. The broad trends though that I've mentioned several times, the broad trends that we're seeing of smarter products, that's driving a lot of this conversation. And so, you'd get and I gave you the example of how we are having these broader conversations with a number of customers in the automotive space. If I think about telecommunications, we're having conversations about 5G and those happen to be strategic initiatives and so on. I can pick the industry and whatever the strategic area is, that's the area that we're focused on to try to help them be successful using our technology. And that's what drives the incremental use of technology. And oftentimes you'll find customers starting to take a step away from some of their core areas of competence as they start to move into some of these new physics. And in particular, customers have historically not used electronics heavily in the building of their products. When they recognize that you now need to build smarter products, they need more support for electronics. That depends on the level of staffing they can get and that depends a little bit on the broader support they're able to get together for themselves and, of course, we're in a position to help there, too. So, a lot of it really depends on where the customer is, industry, geo and so on.
Operator: Thank you very much. The next question is from Rob Oliver of Robert W. Baird & Co. Please go ahead.
Rob Oliver - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question, and apologize for the bad connection here if I have one. Just given the push into indirect channels and partnerships and the success you guys are having there, I mean how should we think about kind of the longer-term mix of direct versus indirect business? I think traditionally it's been about three-quarters direct. And do you guys see that changing at all? And then, I'll put my follow-up in now in case I get cut off again. This is the second quarter in a row where you guys mentioned it's been challenging to hire and that hiring would be back-end loaded. I was just wondering, is that a field technical sales issue and what gives you guys the confidence that you'll be able to hire in the second half of the year? Thanks a lot.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So, in first as far as your question about the volume of business to the channel partners, we are not seeing – we don't fundamentally expect the numbers to change dramatically in the short term and it's been, as you rightly say, about a quarter – three-quarters and that's what we certainly see in the short term going forward. As far your – about your question about hiring people, this year as you know we increased our hiring aperture and we were looking for significantly more people than historically have been in the position to hire. And it takes a certain amount of time to rev up the recruiting engines and that obviously adds latency to the process. And it's also the case that we're looking for very skilled individuals and some of these individuals are a little bit harder to find. So, we're building our recruiting pipeline which is, of course, both our internal pipeline as well as some recruiting partners and we have a key focus on making sure we can address and bring more people on-board. Maria, anything to add?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. Rob, I just wanted to add one thing. As with any time that we acquire businesses, it just has a natural slowdown, as we think through the integration, as we think through what talent do they bring to the table that may be able to fulfill roles that we had originally thought in the plan that we were going to go to market to fill. So, that combined with, no doubt, a more challenging hiring environment has slowed things down. But that being said, we continue to have an aggressive recruiting engine, in fact, we just recently hired a couple more additional people on that team to help us as we head into the second half, so that we are well prepared as we head into 2019.
Operator: Thank you very much. The next question is from Rich Valera of Needham & Co. Please go ahead.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. Ajei, auto featured very prominently in your prepared remarks and I know that's historically been the large customers of your products. And just wondering, is there something going on specifically in the auto industry that's leading to kind of more activity, bigger deals that's somewhat unique to auto? Or is that something you expect to sort of see pervasively amongst your other verticals that you quote (00:48:23)?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, one of the reasons I've mentioned auto is really they epitomize this change that's taking place towards smart connected products. The big trends in automotive which are autonomous vehicles, electrification and sort of connected, if you will, all of those trends, we have great technologies that support our customers through that transition. So, we have, for example, with the OPTIS acquisition that we just recently concluded, we have now an end-to-end simulation that allows our customers to be able to simulate driven miles. And so, one of the big challenges with autonomous is you can't – it's very difficult to test autonomous vehicles and we can now with this integration across the OPTIS portfolio and the traditional ANSYS portfolio, we now have an integrated view of virtual miles driven as well as an integrated view of all of the sensors, including camera, lidar and radar as well as, of course, ultrasound for short distance. And we can kind of close the loop on the simulation process. So, that's a very exciting solution. It's completely relevant to what the car companies are dealing with right now and not just on road, but also off road. Similarly for electrification and I gave a couple of examples, and similarly for connected and we're talking about 5G and antenna design and so forth. So, that's clearly making a difference for the end customer and then, of course, those changes reverberate through the supply chain. And so, we're having conversations and we're working with customers, for example, around the integration of our safety technology into semiconductors. And so, in fact, in Q2 a major automotive chip provider, they expanded their use of simulation – and who's the chip provider, they expanded the use of simulation to include ANSYS medini, which is our safety solution to get ISO 26262 functional – for ISO 26262 functional safety analysis, which is appropriate for the auto industry. So, there's an enormous amount of reverberation through the supply chain from the automotive sector that you're seeing. So, I think that's one area. But these broad trends, I think, are applicable across industries. As I said, industries are at different levels of maturity and we expect to see these trends repeating themselves across other industries as well.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. And then just a quick follow-up for Maria. Can you reiterate what you said on taxes for 2018, what it was in the pipeline, too (00:51:13)? Thanks.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. So, what I said was for Q3, we're looking at a range of 19% to 21% because we will have a non-recurring benefit of about $5 million or $0.06. And then for the full year, we are looking at a rate of 21% to 22%.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning. For Ajei, first, with respect to making the simulation more pervasive via partnerships, in particular, if in the case of the PTC relationship you penetrate, let's say, the majority of the active Creo base, that would add about 100,000 licenses to the ANSYS space, perhaps more. When you consider your other partner opportunities, particularly in operations such as with SAP or ARRIS, are you thinking in terms of potentially tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of additional licenses added to your base, albeit at possibly substantially lower than usual ARPUs with the solvers? And then relatedly, I'll ask you a question I asked PTC which is how are you managing or implementing the partnerships more deeply into the ANSYS organization, not just at the highest levels of the company. And then just for my follow-up in for Maria, your ASC 605 non-GAAP operating margin guidance suggests about a 200 basis point decline at the midpoint from 2017. Is the margin antimatter for the year mostly due to higher R&D, including the OPTIS acquisition? Or is it mostly SG&A as you add sales in AEs plus variable comp on the bookings growth? Thanks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So, Jay, let me try to address that multipart question. I'm not sure I have all of the – let me look at Maria's notes here. So, the first was around the number of users. So, look, it's much too soon for us to give you a revenue projection of where we'll be with some of those partnerships. It's obviously the case that we will be expanding the number of users to others who have just traditionally not been using ANSYS solutions. That's certainly the case, as you start to think about going downstream into operations and, of course, as you start to think about the designer community. And we believe that there's an opportunity to monetize that relationship going forward. Obviously, it'll depend on the kind of user and the industry they're in. You're also absolutely right to suggest that the cost that we would charge or pricing for run-time licenses with digital twins will be different from our pricing for our traditional solvers. And that's obviously going to be the case because the use cases are different and the nature of usage across those two cases will drive a different level of complexity and solver need. As far as investing in the relationship is concerned, I think that the relationship has multiple touch points. We have project management in place. We have multiple touch points up and down both from an R&D perspective as well as from a go-to-market perspective. From an R&D perspective, obviously, the teams are working together to make sure that we can sync up on deliverables and we get everything in place for product release by PTC, but our teams are working closely together. And from a go-to-market perspective, obviously there's some planning involved to make sure that we understand what we're doing together. So, I think that that's well underway and obviously this is a working partnership with people rolling up their sleeves and getting the job done. So, I'm excited about that relationship and I'm excited about frankly the mobilization on both companies; both PTC and us to move things forward. Maria, there was another question, right?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah, around margins, I'll take that one. Jay, if you look at our guidance for full year under ASC 605, we're saying 44% to 45%, which was pretty much in line with what we had communicated as we came into the year relative to our perspective for the full year. We are building in the impact of OPTIS, which is slightly negative as we had communicated last quarter. And, no doubt, we are continuing to add investments across the business, particularly on the people front, R&D, field engineering, as Ajei mentioned. On the partnerships, we have added incremental people whose full-time job now is to focus on the success of those partnerships. So, we're investing across all the functions of the business to prepare ourselves to be able to continue to take advantage of the tremendous market opportunity that we see ahead
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Chris, do we have another question? Operator?
Operator: My apologies, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, our next question is from Ross MacMillan of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks so much. Ajei, I know it's early on Discovery Live, but the example of China Southern Power Grid suggests that it may be a way to engage with customers and then actually drive adoption of the broader portfolio into those accounts. I was just curious, is that a secondary effect, a trend that you think is going to be more pervasive. And then my follow-up for Maria, on the ACV growth that you've given us for both Q2 and first half in constant currency, I wondered if you had the comparable growth rates for ACV in 2Q 2017 and 1H 2017. Thanks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So, to answer your question, there are actually, I would say, a couple of important use cases for Discovery Live. And one as we've discussed is, of course, the – is the use of Discovery Live by individuals who have not necessarily been using simulation and those individuals could be at companies who historically have not bought ANSYS solutions. And so, that's clearly a use case. But there's a really exciting use case which the Discovery Live, Southern China experience does bring to focus and that is that many of our customers who are historical users of ANSYS recognize the opportunity to be able to broaden the deployment of simulation through their engineering base by making Discovery Live available to their designers. And so, we'll go from the flagship into the designers. But equally, we can go in from the designers into the flagships, because we have now the ability to provide this end-to-end coverage across the organization for people of different levels of skills and capabilities and understanding of simulation with the ability to be able to move and migrate work across the different product lines. And so, that's a dynamic that we're very excited about. And we see this pattern continuing with customers and that's something that we're encouraging and, certainly, our enterprise sales force is excited about that because that g them an opportunity to engage with some of these large customers and they're seeing large opportunities for Discovery Live, but then they're seeing that driving further flagship sales. So, that's a symbiotic effect that we're very excited about.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: And, Ross, to your question on ACV growth, ACV is a new metric that we just started reporting in 2017. So, we have not gone back to recreate ACV under historical data. So, I don't have the comparisons for last year to the same periods.
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our Q&A session. And I would like to turn the conference back to Ajei Gopal for any closing remarks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Thanks, Chris. I'm delighted by the excellent quarter and the progress that we've made. Our Pervasive Simulation strategy is clearly resonating with customers. And as I think about the rest of the year, our focus remains on execution. We will continue to strengthen our flagship products with ANSYS 19.2 that's coming out soon and we will continue to expand our ecosystem through additional partnerships. And, of course, we will continue to support and grow our customer base. In closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners and a shout out to my ANSYS colleagues, thank you for all your efforts and thank you for another great quarter. Thank you all for joining me on the call today. I look forward to our next discussions. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this conference call and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Annette N. Arribas - ANSYS, Inc. Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc. Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Rob Oliver - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ken Talanian - Evercore Group LLC Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Gal Munda - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS' First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, Chief Executive Officer; Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer; and Annette Arribas, Senior Director, Global Investor Relations. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Arribas for some opening remarks.
Annette N. Arribas - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks document have been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all of the key financial information and supporting data relative to our first quarter financial results and business update, as well as our Q2 and fiscal year 2018 outlook, and the key underlying assumptions. I would like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures and unless otherwise stated, for purposes of comparability, we'll be presenting results in accordance with ASC 605. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you, Annette, and good morning, everyone. Building on the strong momentum from a great performance last year, 2018 is off to an excellent start with a record Q1 that exceeded the high end of our guidance across all of the key metrics, the revenue, margin and earnings for both ASC 605 and ASC 606. I'm especially pleased with our ACV growth of 10% in constant currency and with our record ASC 605 deferred revenue and backlog of $842 million, which is a 29% year-over-year increase. These metrics are leading indicators of the ongoing strength of our business. I'm also delighted that we are both increasing and tightening the range of our guidance for both revenue and for EPS. Our Q1 outperformance and the strength of the sales pipeline of our organic business, in and of themselves, would warrant an increase in both revenue and EPS guidance. In addition, our new guidance also factors in the increased revenue from the acquisition of OPTIS, which we closed yesterday. In sum, our annual guidance now reflects revenue growth of 10% in constant currency at the midpoint. Maria will walk you through all the details. Last year, we described our vision of Pervasive Simulation, where simulation becomes critical to the entire product lifecycle. We discussed key emerging global customer initiatives, including autonomous vehicle and additive manufacturing. We outlined how we are transforming sales operations to support multiple go-to-market motions to reach our tens of thousands of customers around the world from direct high-touch with large enterprise accounts to territory sales, to inside sales, to broader channel relationships. And we talked about how we intend to use M&A to further our vision of Pervasive Simulation. We are executing as promised and our strategy is working. Let me start with sales. We are continuing to demonstrate our leadership by broadening and deepening our customer relationships, resulting in record-sized deals. In the first quarter, we had 30 customers with orders of over $1 million, of which one was over $5 million and two were over $10 million. These customers tend to buy multiple products from the ANSYS portfolio. In fact, over three quarters of these deals included three or more of our product lines. This class of customers was a key contributor to our 10% ACV growth in the quarter. I'm also delighted to announce that in Q1, we broke our previous large deal record with a three-year $50 million agreement with a longstanding customer. While I'm not at liberty to mention the customer or the industry, this is yet another indication that our strategy around Pervasive Simulation is resonating with our customers. Overall, I'm very pleased with our performance in our various regions. The differences in performance across countries are attributable to the timing of deals and the licensing mix and we're, as expected, coming into the quarter. Details are in the prepared remarks. But let me take a moment to talk about the progress that we have made in Europe. If you recall, in response to subpar performance in the region, we began 2017 with several important changes in Europe. We saw weakness in Europe in the first half of 2017, and as we had predicted, we did see improved performance in the second half of 2017. I'm delighted that this improvement continued in Q1 of this year with 9% year-over-year revenue growth, including over 15% year-over-year revenue growth in Germany, both in constant currency. Let me now shift to technology. In Q1, we released ANSYS 19, which included advances across our entire suite of products. ANSYS 19 has become the most downloaded release on the history of the company, and reflects our commitment to extending the accuracy and the completeness of our multiphysics solutions. The strength of our core flagship products continues to drive the growth of our business. However, instead of focusing on our flagship solutions in this call, I'd like to discuss how we are extending our core as we make simulation pervasive across the product lifecycle. Yesterday, we completed our acquisition of OPTIS, the leading provider of physics-based simulation software for light, human vision and visualization, thus adding a new physics to the ANSYS' multiphysics portfolio. OPTIS brings both world-class technology and a word-class team to ANSYS. They have a strong presence in a few key countries and have strength in the automotive and high-tech verticals with an impressive list of customers, including industry leaders such as Audi, BMW, Ferrari, Ford, Honda, Sony, Philips, and Nikon. ANSYS has a long history of quickly and successfully integrating technology companies like OPTIS and scaling them in a financially disciplined manner. This is a hallmark of the ANSYS' business model. Our global sales teams and our worldwide channel partners are experts in selling physics-based simulation solutions to customers across geographies and across industries. The OPTIS products will seamlessly and cost effectively slide into our existing go-to-market motion, not only increasing the sales of the OPTIS products in an efficient manner, but also increasing our cross portfolio solution sales. Any discussion of OPTIS naturally leads to autonomous vehicles. As you can imagine, both safety and reliability are vital to delivering this transformational technology to the market. The ANSYS portfolio delivers accurate, high-fidelity, physics-based engineering simulation enabling customers to ensure product performance and reliability while reducing time-to-market. Our solutions also include the ability to assess functional safety from software to components, to systems, to the target environment such as an autonomous vehicle driving in traffic. Sensors are the eyes and the ears of an autonomous vehicle. OPTIS' LIDAR, camera and ultrasonic capabilities coupled with our existing radar solutions give ANSYS' the most comprehensive sensor solution in the market, bringing together best-of-breed products that cover visible and infrared lights, electromagnetics and radar, and acoustics. In other words, ANSYS' customers can use our solutions to design and validate all the sensors that are critical to autonomous vehicles. In addition, OPTIS' photorealistic and virtual reality-based closed-loop platform provides accurate simulation of hundreds of thousands of road, weather, and traffic scenarios. Together with our safety capability, ANSYS now have a comprehensive solution for validating the safety and reliability of autonomous vehicles with simulation, a task that would otherwise require billions of miles of road test. A major European automotive manufacturer, who is an existing customer of both ANSYS and OPTIS, believe that the acquisition will streamline their simulation and testing efforts. OPTIS' VR-based platform combined with ANSYS' industry-leading simulation will help them reduce the number of physical prototypes and night tests and create accurate simulations of complicated roads in a virtual environment. Another key adjacency is additive manufacturing, particularly metal printing, which is transforming the way in which products are manufactured. Last quarter, we announced the acquisition of 3DSIM, a technology tuck-in to help accelerate our additive products. Integrating 3DSIM's technology into our – with our existing software, we launched a new product in Q1, ANSYS Additive Print, which is a stand-alone, easy-to-learn and very powerful solution. This product enables machine operators and additive manufacturing designers to reduce fail bills and trial and error in metal additive manufacturing. And next week, as part of ANSYS 19.1, we will be releasing ANSYS Additive Suite, which we believe will emerge as the new industry standard simulation solution for additive manufacturing. ANSYS Additive Suite contains all of ANSYS' additive manufacturing technologies, including advanced topology optimization, latticing, additive manufacture, material microstructure analysis and print process simulation, all integrated into a flagship workbench environment. In Q1, Relativity Space, a Space 2.0 company, expanded their use of ANSYS, adding our additive solutions to their existing ANSYS simulation capabilities. Relativity began a journey to develop what could be the world's largest metal 3D printer to print rockets, and leveraging the full portfolio of ANSYS' flagship tools they successfully built a printer, printed an engine, and fired that engine. ANSYS' streamlined additive manufacturing solution enable Relativity to iterate designs 10 times faster and with 100 times fewer parts. Also in Q1, we formally launched ANSYS Discovery Live to reach product designers, a new audience of users. While we do not expect revenue from this new product to be significant this year, interest has been very strong from both new and long-time ANSYS customers, and we're seeing some early important wins. For example, Mercury Marine, a world leader in manufacturing marine engines and related equipment, is adopting the Discovery product family to accelerate early design exploration and product optimization. Discovery is helping Mercury to validate new designs and has helped to reduce a three- to four-day simulation effort down to a few hours, streamlining new product launches and deliveries. As I think about the rest of the year, our focus remains on execution. I'm delighted by our excellent quarter, and I'm very excited and proud of the progress that we have made over the past year. Our Pervasive Simulation strategy is resonating with customers. Our go-to-market changes have been successfully rolled out. We continue to strengthen our flagship products, and we are extending and expanding our core through acquisitions and organic development. I'm more confident than ever in our markets, in our products, in our team, and in our ability to execute. I will now turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financial results in a little bit more detail. Maria?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Ajei shared a few of our key financial highlights, but let me take a few minutes to add some additional perspective on our first quarter performance and key financial metrics. I'll also provide some additional color around our outlook and assumptions for Q2 and 2018, which we've updated to include both our increased outlook for the ANSYS stand-alone business, for both revenue and EPS, as well as the impact of the recently closed OPTIS acquisition. As previously communicated, during this first year of adoption of revenue recognition under ASC 606, we will be providing financial results and outlook under both ASC 605 and ASC 606. We have a fairly even split of analyst models published under both standards, and we believe this will provide investors and analysts with an additional level of comparison to historical financial results in this first year of transition. I want to highlight that any comments that I make relative to growth rates will be comparing Q1 2018 to Q1 2017 results under ASC 605. And I'll also be providing commentary relative to key financial metrics under both ASC 605 and ASC 606, and consistent with our standard practice, my comments will be in terms of non-GAAP unless I state otherwise. The record Q1 results reflect solid execution across our business in what we see as a solid customer demand environment, and yielded revenue, operating margin and EPS all above the high end of our guidance under both ASC 605 and ASC 606. Our strong start in 2018 is very encouraging when considering the strong Q1 2017 comparable in which we reported double-digit revenue and EPS growth. Key financial metrics begin with Q1 ACV growth of 10% and revenue growth of 7%, both in constant currency. All currency rates were within the ranges that we provided for the quarter. Revenue under ASC 605 and ASC 606 totaled $285.2 million and $283.3 million, respectively, and includes positive currency impacts of $14.3 million and $16 million. The increase in software license sales combined with strong maintenance renewals contributed to building our deferred revenue and backlog under ASC 605 to a total of $842 million, representing a record high and a 29% increase over last year's first quarter balance. Deferred revenue backlog under ASC 606 totaled $595 million. Recurring revenue for the quarter under ASC 605 grew 7% in constant currency to a total of $223 million or 78% of total revenue. Under ASC 606, recurring revenue totaled $213 million or 75% of total revenue. Under either accounting method, our strong recurring base of revenue gives us good insight and predictability into our future performance. During the quarter, we continued to manage our business with fiscal discipline, which yielded a strong first quarter gross margin of 90% and an operating margin of 45%. The Q1 operating margin was above the high end of the guidance ranges that we previously provided. Margins were positively impacted by revenue results finishing above the high end of our revenue guidance, as well as a slightly slower pace of hiring that we had planned for the quarter. We reported first quarter EPS of $1.22 under ASC 605 and $1.20 under ASC 606. With respect to taxes, our effective tax rate in Q1 was 20%, below the 22% to 23.5% that we had guided coming into the quarter. The difference was largely due to a substantial reduction in income attributed to foreign subsidiaries as a result of the non-recognition of a meaningful portion of deferred revenue under ASC 606. Going forward, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 23.5%, subject to further interpretation and clarification of the many nuances of U.S. tax reform. We will refine our estimates and provide updates as we continue with our transition work. Our cash flow from operations totaled $132.4 million, and we ended the quarter with a total of $890 million in cash and short-term investments. In line with our capital allocation priorities, we repurchased 750,000 shares during the quarter at a total cost of $118 million, and we have 4.8 million shares available for repurchase under the current authorized program. Now, let me turn to the topic of guidance. In summary, for the ANSYS stand-alone business, we are initiating guidance for Q2, and also increasing both our revenue and EPS outlook for the full year. This increase reflects the strong performance in the first quarter combined with our confidence in continued positive business momentum for the remainder of the year. Additionally, we're also updating our outlook to reflect the contribution of the OPTIS acquisition. This includes an incremental $25 million to $26 million in revenue for 2018, as well as the impact of the capital utilized in the acquisition, and incremental integration investments that will be necessary throughout the remainder of this year. We expect the OPTIS acquisition to be accretive to EPS in 2019. For the second quarter, we expect non-GAAP revenue under ASC 605 in the range of $294 million to $304 million, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.13 to $1.19. Non-GAAP revenue under ASC 606 is in the range of $272 million to $292 million, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.94 to $1.09. And for the full year, we are increasing both the revenue and EPS outlook to non-GAAP revenue under ASC 605 in the range of $1,228 million to $1,258 million or constant currency growth of 10% at the midpoint, and EPS in the range of $4.85 to $5.04. Non-GAAP revenue under ASC 606 is in the range of $1,197 million to $1,262 million, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $4.60 to $5.08. Our ACV outlook for 2018 is also increasing to reflect the contribution from the OPTIS acquisition to $1,262 million to $1,302 million. This represents constant currency ACV growth of 9% to 13% over the 2017 baseline or approximately 11% at the midpoint. We're also increasing our outlook for operating cash flows for 2018 to a range of $435 million to $475 million. I'd like to make clear that our outlook for operating cash flow in 2018 includes our current estimated adverse impact of approximately $12 million to $15 million related to the acceleration of income tax payments under ASC 606 that is associated with deferred revenue and backlog credited to retained earnings that will never be recognized as revenue in our financial statements. Now, for modeling purposes, we're expecting second quarter operating margins of 43% to 44% under ASC 605, and 39% to 41% under ASC 606. And for the full year, we're expecting operating margins of 44% under ASC 605, and 42% to 44% under ASC 606. This guidance reflects the near-term impact from OPTIS in 2018 as we integrate the acquisition into our core business. There is a short-term impact of increased revenue, albeit at lower margins, and our expectations are to continue to scale the business, drive increased revenue growth and profitability as we demonstrated with our many technology acquisitions over nearly two decades. The OPTIS business aligns with our strategy and our 2020 revenue growth and margin targets. This coupled with the positive returns from our 2017 incremental investments that are reflected in our early 2018 results give us confidence that we can continue to drive the same incremental growth over the long run. Further details around specific currency rates and other assumptions, including the impact of the contribution from the OPTIS acquisition that have been factored into our outlook for Q2 and 2018 are contained in the prepared remarks document. In summary, we delivered a record first quarter with strength across all of the key financial metrics that we focus on in managing the business: ACV, top line growth, operating margins, EPS, operating cash flows, and deferred revenue and backlog. We also continued to deploy capital to drive long-term stockholder value through investing in the core business, pursuing strategic M&A, and additional share repurchases. Another quarter of solid performance combined with the exciting opportunity to unite the incredible technology, talent and customer relationships of OPTIS with our global distribution platform and business model give us confidence that our continued focus on execution and investing in the business, combined with the strength of our recurring business, our broad product portfolio, strong customer relationships, and growing sales pipeline provide a strong foundation to continue to deliver on our 2018 goals, as well as our longer-term 2020 financial targets. And now, operator, we'll open the line to take questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Ajei, let me start with you. With respect to the record order that you achieved in the quarter and I understand you're constrained in being able to talk about it, but to the extent you do more of these, as you did just two quarters ago in the third quarter, could you talk about the services commitments or obligations that you have to support those kinds of large commitments or deployments, meaning, in other words, how are you doing, for instance, in your additions to AEs and other similar kinds of infrastructure that you need to support those kinds of large customers? And then secondly, with respect to OPTIS, you said at the Analyst Meeting that you would be devoting about a fifth of your R&D to what you called next-generation and that included digital exploration, meaning Discovery Live, and now OPTIS for autonomous and 3DSIM for additive. Have you now, do you think, filled in the pieces that you referred to as your four priorities within next-generation R&D or is there more to do in that respect? Thanks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Sure. Jay, thanks for the question. So, firstly, to your point about the large customer order that we closed in Q1, we're having a lot of success by going into existing customers, and broadening and deepening the footprint of our portfolio. In many cases, this is using our technology across different projects or in different areas or just frankly getting more people to take advantage of the technology. So, it fundamentally doesn't change the business model. It doesn't increase the level of services. It doesn't change the way we interact with those customers. So, we are continuing in a manner that's consistent with the way that we've historically been engaging with these customers, it's just that we're selling – we're able to sell more. Obviously, there is an investment in these accounts and that's the point about the field engineering or the presales activity that we talked about last year. And as we mentioned during our Investor Day, we have – we're looking at enterprise accounts a little bit differently from a territory accounts. And within the enterprise accounts, we're allocating additional resources for presales, and that's what's driving some of these cross portfolio successes. So, the investments that we're making – we have made and that we identified are paying off, but the business model is very consistent with what we've historically had. So, that's the first piece of it. The second one was – the second part of your question was in terms of our R&D priorities have these essentially – have we made progress across these adjacencies, absolutely. We talked – I talked in the call about Discovery Live, I talked about 3DSIM, I talked about autonomous, we've continued to make progress with these acquisitions across all of them. And equally in the digital twins space, and I didn't talk about that in the call, but we've certainly made progress along – across those. So, those reflect the adjacencies to our core business. We're continuing to invest in them, we see those as growth opportunities, and we feel confident that our approach is the right approach for us in the market right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Ajei, question on the EMEA region. So, great performance there, certainly on a relative basis in the quarter that region that's been sort of a longtime laggard, can you give a sense of how much that recovery has to do with a broader macro-recovery in Europe and how much from the initiatives that you guys undertook last year? And kind of where do you think you are in terms of those initiatives to sort of revamp that region and get it up to par with your other regions sort of structurally?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Sure. Look, we had – we made significant changes last year both in terms of leadership and the way that we were structuring the European region. And obviously, those changes take a while to settle down, which is essentially what you saw last year. And we're seeing significantly better performance and engagement, and we see this systemically as we start to look at things like pipeline, but we also see this when we look at large customer engagements, when we look at customer deal reviews, when I sit down with the team, when I sit down with Rick and his leaders, you can see that level of engagement increasing within Europe. Obviously, last year was a little bit weaker relative to – from a performance perspective. So, we're seeing a year-over-year benefit from the fact that we had some, I would say, pent-up demand that we were not in a position to or effectively capturing last year. So, I'm very excited about the performance. It's really hard for me to say, this percentage comes from economic improvements, this percentage comes from our improved execution. All I can say is our execution is definitely getting better. The teams are executing well. The customers are excited about our solution. And frankly we have, in my opinion, the best solutions in the market. As far as where we are, I mean, this is a journey. As you know, transforming any region is – it takes time, but we're well along the way. And what I had mentioned earlier last year was that we should expect to see improvement in recovery at the latter part of 2017 into 2018 and beyond, and we're on the track that we expected, perhaps a little bit ahead.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: That's great. Thanks for that color, Ajei. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Hi, guys. I wanted to follow-up on one of the questions that Jay asked around the large deals and appreciate the color that you gave. But I guess more specifically, when you look at the June quarter guidance, what's included in that guidance as well as the full year guidance in terms of these deals that are in excess of $10 million?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: So what I'd say, Sterling, is the guidance, in line with what I talked about on last quarter's call, is largely the pipeline and the renewals of larger deals for 2018 is skewed towards the back half of 2018. So, I would say, right now, based on everything that we have, Q2 is not being driven by any significant deals and certainly nothing like the deal that we talked about for Q1. So, we have a strong pipeline, we've got a lot of work to do, but Q2 is not being driven by large deals.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. And then, you mentioned hiring a little bit slower than anticipated in the quarter. Which areas did not come up to plan in terms of the hiring, and have you been able to catch up with that hirings so far in the June quarter?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. So, Sterling, what I'd say is when – on the last call, what we talked about, one of the areas of disproportionate incremental investments, to Ajei's earlier comment, in 2018 is around AEs and our field engineering team to support not only larger accounts, but the whole change in our go-to-market. So, not – like many other companies right now, it's a very challenging talent environment. So, we have an aggressive plan to hire. We were a little bit behind in that plan in Q1, but we certainly are not slowing down any of our recruiting activity. And we will continue to march towards our hiring plan for 2018, because it's important to set the stage for 2019 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Oliver with Baird. Please go ahead.
Rob Oliver - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking my question. So, just a follow-up to a couple of the questions earlier. Going back to the Analyst Day, when you guys outlined some of the incremental investments that you guys were looking to make, it seems like some of those are starting to pay off. Ajei, I know you mentioned some of the progress that Rick is making with his go-to-market team. I just was curious if you could just give us a little more color around where you feel like you're getting early – the seeds you're planting are starting to blossom here early, and where you still have work to do to kind of get to that level of satisfaction relative to what you guys stated at the Analyst Day. And then I have a quick follow-up. Thanks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Sure. In terms of early traction, as I said, it's still early days for some of these adjacencies. If you look at Discovery Live as an example, we've had a lot of customer interest and we've had downloads, we've had customer engagement, and we've had some important customers who have purchased the product and I mentioned one of them on the call. But that being said, that's coming off a zero-dollar base. And when you're a $1 billion-plus company, it isn't that material as you start to think about an individual product line that's brand new. So, we're very excited about it, but it's still relatively early in the process. If you look at additive, I mentioned again a customer who's been using our technologies to support additive, but we're releasing right now in this quarter a next-generation of our additive solutions. We think that's going to be a very strong solution. We're very excited about it. We're engaged in active conversations and frankly evaluations with a number of customers, both existing customers as well as new opportunities. But again, it's still relatively new. With autonomous and the automotive space, there I would say our conversations are pretty exciting. We get – every time we talk to customers about the holistic offering that we can bring to market, we get a lot of positive feedback from our customers. And we are engaged actually with some important customers in solutions around autonomous, in particular in the automotive space, although the technology is usable not just in automotive, in other autonomous vehicles as well. The OPTIS acquisition here really makes an incremental improvement to our overall capability because, as you know, for the sensor business in the autonomous space, you're not just relying on electromagnetics and radar, you're relying also on camera and LIDAR and maybe ultrasound. And frankly, with OPTIS coming onboard, we now have that. As I said in my script, we now have a comprehensive solution that goes across all of these different sensor modalities. So, I'm expecting more engagement. And one of the reasons why we're so excited about this acquisition is it fits so well into the ANSYS go-to-market routes. We already have many conversations taking place with customers around autonomous, in some cases we have sales, in some cases we have advanced discussions, some cases we have early prospects. The OPTIS technology will fill straight in and we'll drive it forward. The other interesting thing is our channel partners you find are very excited about some of the directions that we are going, both in terms of additive as well as in terms of autonomous. And of course, with Discovery, we have channel partners in some cases who have spun up individual organizations that are trying to focus on the go-to-market around Discovery as well. So, I would say it's still early stages. A lot of action, a lot of activity, but as I said in Investor Day last year, the whole idea here is we have our core business, our core business is powering through, it's driving our business forward, it's driving our growth. But these are incremental areas we're making investments and these investments will kick in some this year, but more next year and more the year after and more the year after that. So, we're building the long – we're expanding and growing the long-term franchise and the success of the company.
Rob Oliver - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That's really helpful, Ajei. Thank you very much. And then, Maria, just a very quick follow-up. I just was wondering if there's any chance for an increase in seasonality around the business with the addition of new products and expanding the go-to-market, whether it be different buyers or coterminous renewals. I know on a constant currency basis, revenue was a little below our estimate, and just wondering if there's anything we should keep in mind there. Thank you guys very much.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. I would say the main change in seasonality under ASC 606 will be – you'll see it in Q4 because, as I mentioned earlier, given the strength of the pipeline and the timing of some of these large deals, under ASC 606, you will see a lot more impact on revenue in Q4 than you historically would have under ASC 605, where some of these multiyear deals were all spread. You would have seen it in the old bookings metric. Now, you will see a portion show up in revenue that didn't historically under ASC 605. That's the only change that we see right now from a seasonality perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gabriela Borges with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So, Ajei, you talked a little bit about broadening and deepening in the conversation that you're having with customers. I'm hoping you can make that a little more tangible for us. As you add more technical and consultative salespeople to the conversation at the customer level, how does that change? Are you able to talk more about ROI? Are you able to talk more about solving customer problems that maybe you weren't being involved in those discussions before? And is it changing the sales cycle at all, either short or longer? Thanks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. So, that's – when we think about the engagement with customers, you have to consider our go-to-market and we've taken a very thoughtful approach to expanding our go-to-market. We have tens of thousands of customers around the world, and some of these customers tend to be very small transactional in nature. Some of them tend to be very deep and require – and spend enormous amounts of money. These are the largest customers in the world. And so, we've taken – as we mentioned, we were going to in our Investor Day, we've taken a thoughtful segmented approach to the go-to-market. That includes an enterprise – a global enterprise team that includes regional teams which deal with strategic and territory accounts, include – and then we have an inside sales organization in the regions. And then, of course, we have channel partners who engage and address – many of them address customers that we would never – we have never talked to and we don't have a relationship, but they have a relationship and they extend our footprint. In some cases, we work on a sell-through way with channel partners. In some cases, we work with channel partners and accounts. So, we have a nuance relationship with our channel partners as well. So, it's a pretty broad go-to-market. Where we are investing in our technical sales organization is to engage at the highest level in customers, with the largest customers, the enterprise customers, with some of the largest strategic customers. In many cases, there's a presales activity where we are able to explain to the customers how our technology would be relevant to solving some of their most challenging problems. In many cases, it's not anymore a question of, Gabriela, just a single physics. Whereas the previous sale may have been just around fluids or just around electronics or just around mechanical, in many cases, customers are thinking about multiphysics and we need to explain how the multiphysics solutions can be deployed. So, that's how that comes in. In many cases, customers are buying or are contracting with us to provide mentoring experts. So, they pay us and we place someone on their site to help them solve their problems at a greater level of detail, so – and that's sort of a solution selling process. So, we don't see sales cycles short – we don't see sales cycles lengthening. It's not like there's any fundamental change in the sales cycles, because what's happening is essentially customers are taking advantage of our existing technology in the flow of what they've historically been doing. The sales cycles aren't elongated, because we have to be consistent with the way in which they're building their product or their product lifecycle, and the natural ebbs and flows of their product lifecycle. So, that's what we've historically done. It's no different from what we've historically done, and we've been able to sort of engage in the same way even as we talk to some of these larger enterprise customers, and of course, you see the results. Last year, I talked about a $45 million deal. This quarter, we talked about a $50 million deal. We talked about a couple of deals over $10 million this year. So, you certainly see that in the results and the way the sales organization is engaging. I hope that helps.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. That makes sense. And the follow-up is for Maria. As you look through the rest of the year, if you're in the scenario where you outperform on the revenue line, how are you thinking about the merits of dropping through any outperformance to the bottom line versus reinvesting it? Thanks.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: So, Gabriela, I'd say you would probably see something similar to Q1. The reality is, our spend is disproportionately around people, so to the extent that – I mentioned, we are aggressively continuing to recruit and to hire according to our plans, but to the extent that we outperform on the top line, there is a high likelihood just given the leverage in our model that we will see that drop to the bottom line as well and help on the earnings side. That being said, we want to continue, as we committed at Investor Day, to invest in our business. Because right now is a tremendous time that if we set the foundation is what is going to enable us to get to our targets for 2020, but more importantly to continue to drive growth in this incredible franchise. The time is right. So, disproportionately just driving growth at the – for short-term results at the expense of the long-term opportunity, it's just not worth it for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ken Talanian - Evercore Group LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could give us a sense for the pipeline growth by geography relative to your view last quarter.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: We don't really talk about pipeline on this by geography. Certainly, we don't talk about this in public. Obviously, our total pipeline is strong and it's because of the strength of the pipeline that we feel very positively about the business for this year, and that's – there really isn't any more color to add other than what Maria said, which is that in the second half of the year, that's when you'll expect to see some of the larger deals. Those larger deals tend to be in the North America and European base, some of them tend to be sort of electronics and semiconductor in nature as well, but that's the sort of the larger deal. And so, Q2 tends to be – Q2 doesn't have any – as we see it right now, any monster deals in place, but that's kind of how the total pipeline looks.
Ken Talanian - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, great. And in the automotive world, we've heard some of the OEMs discuss their desire to reduce the variety of models that they produce. Curious how might that impact the OEM purchases from you?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, we've continued to see strength in the automotive, as you can see from our breakdown by industry, we've continued to see growth in the automotive sector and that frankly is being driven by a number of factors. The most important of which, of course, is the electronification of the car. And so, we're getting engaged – historically, we were engaged in things like in structures and in fluid dynamics and combustion and so forth, and in aerodynamics. Those traditional areas of engagement have now been supplemented with new areas of engagement and we talk about chip package system. We talk about antenna placement on the vehicle as you think about onboard electronics. We're doing functional safety analysis now comprehensively with our medini solutions. We're generating embedded software for the automotive space. We're working with the supply chain on semiconductors for the automotive space. And of course, with OPTIS, we now have optical simulation and autonomous simulation capabilities that add to our existing portfolio. So, we continue to go, if you will, or have technologies that address some of the new challenges that they have, and that's reflected in the way that these automotive companies are engaging with us, moving from a history of just structures and then structures and fluid, now to the broader full suite of our offerings.
Operator: Our next question comes from Monika Garg with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First on OPTIS, could you maybe talk about how much was OPTIS growing? Also talk about the competition in the space? And also, what is the yearly revenue expectation for OPTIS for 2018? I know you gave us how much you are increasing, like just $25 million, but that's probably will be only for seven months and there might be some deferred revenue accounting impact. So, the total, what was expected for OPTIS?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. So, Monika, relative to OPTIS, here's what I'll say. Let's just talk about its impact on consolidated results. It is going to be dilutive in 2018, largely due to we're not assuming any revenue synergies for 2018. We've got some upfront integration costs. As you can imagine, they were a private company. They did not have U.S. GAAP accounting. So, speaking to what their revenue growth might have been would be completely inappropriate, because it's under methods of which I'm not – I can't have any confidence how it translates to U.S. GAAP. So, there will be some also slightly lower interest income and slightly higher share count from the usage of the capital to acquire the OPTIS technology. But that being said we've assumed $25 million to $26 million, which covers both ASC 605 and ASC 606 for the remainder of this year. And as I said, we are optimistic relative to 2019 that the OPTIS business will be creative on a total basis to ANSYS' stand-alone and net. The opportunity that we see to bring OPTIS into the ANSYS fold and do what we've done with many, many acquisitions over the past almost 20 years now that have incredible technology and talent, and we can leverage our global distribution and our infrastructure and financial discipline to make it even better than it could be on a stand-alone basis is a tremendous opportunity that we see ahead for 2019 and beyond.
Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then, can you comment on the competition with OPTIS you see in the market or you don't see any competition?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: There's couple of companies that have – that look at light, but what's interesting about what OPTIS is, OPTIS takes a physics-based approach towards light. And so, they look at incremental technology – they're bringing incremental technology into the ANSYS portfolio, that's very consistent with our physics-based approach. So, you'll see a couple of companies out there that do lights, and frankly, Synopsys acquired one of those companies a few years ago, and so they have a business around light. Some of the light – work is around sort of lighting, where you're looking at how the appearance of light is to the human eye in a simulated environment. And some of it is – but what's interesting about OPTIS and what we think is unique about OPTIS is, OPTIS has some really great technology that allows us to move into the autonomous space, because it's not just about the sensing of light, it's now about the use of optics and that same technology in sensors. So, for camera and for LIDAR which changes the market opportunity from a sort of a traditional illumination market into a much broader market that includes the autonomous space. So, that's what's unique about OPTIS and that's what we're so excited about OPTIS.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks so much. Maybe just a first one on your ACV growth for the year, 14%, I think you said 11% constant currency. Maria, I wondered if you could also provide that on an organic constant currency basis ex-OPTIS.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. Ross, $29 million of our ACV outlook right now relates to OPTIS.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That's helpful. And then just another financial one on the non-GAAP margins for this year, you had mentioned that there is some integration expense with OPTIS. So, again, if I look – I don't think you actually give us an ex-OPTIS number for non-GAAP operating margins for the year, but it did come down including OPTIS. And I'm just curious, would it be the same as your prior guidance if we had looked at the non-GAAP operating margin for the year, again excluding OPTIS, did that change?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. No. So, Ross, last call when we looked out and we gave our guidance for 2018, we were guiding non-GAAP operating margin of 44% to 45% for the ANSYS business. Now we're guiding 44%. So, OPTIS is about 1% dilutive, it would be 45% without OPTIS.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets: Perfect. And then one bigger question just for Ajei. Just when I think about your semi footprint, I'm just curious, is there more you can do in GPU versus CPU simulation, and can you do that organically? Thanks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: I'm not quite sure exactly the question that you're asking. If you're asking can we take advantage – or do we work with customers who are building GPUs and looking at different processor technologies, absolutely, the answer is yes. If you are asking do we take advantage of the GPU in simulation solutions, the answer is absolutely yes, we do that, too.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets: Yeah. No, the question was more your solutions for the semiconductor industry, you'd obviously made some historic acquisitions and I'm just – I'm not clear as to whether your solutions that you have in market today are equally as applicable to GPU design and simulation as they are to CPU design and simulation.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: I believe that the answer is yes. And so, yeah, we are equally capable to address both GPU and CPU. I mean, obviously, as you know, we've made some investments in our SeaScape architecture and that's resulted in some of the next generation of our semiconductor products which are based on big data analytics, which allow us to deal with some of the massive scalability that we're seeing in these next-generation processor chips, whether they be GPUs or CPUs for that matter. And as a result of that, we can essentially reduce the time that is needed to be able to do sign-off. I mean, when you're dealing with billions of transistors as you might find, for example, in some of the largest GPUs, we can certainly do that using RedHawk-SC. So, we feel very confident that we have the ability to support our customers as they are looking at both – looking at these next-generation GPUs, which could be very sophisticated in terms of transistor count. And in fact, if you just think about it, nine out of the top 10 mobile CPU and GPU companies have invested in RedHawk-SC for their next-generation designs.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi, ANSYS. One question and then one follow-up, if you don't mind. First, just maybe in the weeds a little bit here, the very large deal, the $50 million deal, any color on how much of it went into – it looks like almost all of it went into backlog as opposed to revenue, and the split of that term versus perpetual?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Hey, Steve. That deal, under ASC 605, there was no perpetual component. That's a multiyear deal and it's all ratable under ASC 605.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: It's all ratable? Okay. Got you. Great. So, good, good. And then one follow-up here for Ajei. So, a little bit of an obnoxious question, I hope you don't mind. But – so, you're at a goal of 43% to 45% margin and 10% growth for fiscal 2020. It looks like you're there. So, congratulations. What comes next? Potential to move to a different point on the growth (00:55:38) margin curve, keep along that same trajectory, kind of what's your thinking about where ANSYS can go?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, we are very excited about our business as hopefully has come through in both our script as well as our responses. I think the business is off to an excellent start for the year. We built on a really strong year last year. And frankly, we're investing in the business to build the foundations for sustained growth as we've discussed. We continue to have investments that we need to make. We continue to have markets frankly which are looking very positive for us where we need to tap the markets. We need to bring new technology in place. We will continue to look at incremental M&A as makes sense within our business. So, we want to get to that point where we have the sustained business momentum, where we have sustained double-digit growth, and I think we still have some work to do. We are focused on our 2020 objectives. We're not changing those objectives. We're not bringing them in. But I have to say I'm very excited about the performance of the business so far. And I'm very excited about how the team has responded to some of the challenges that we've put in front of them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gal Munda with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Gal Munda - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC: Hey. I'd like to ask a follow-up question on Discovery Live. You mentioned it's early days, but I'd just like to hear at quarter-end kind of the feedback you've had from the customers in terms of the pricing. And if you think about the go-to-market for Discovery Live, how much it will be through the channel, you mentioned that it'll be an important segment, and how much will be to direct? And then maybe also, what you're seeing in terms of the opportunities in new versus existing customers? Thank you.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So, in terms of the pricing, it really depends on the packaging of Discovery Live. It can vary from the – and so, let's assume it's generally speaking on average approximately in order of magnitude less than our flagship products, but of course, there's an order of magnitude with more customers than our flagship products. We think our customers or the users of Discovery Live will fit in into two major categories. They'll be larger accounts, traditional customers of ours, where they're moving simulation more broadly outside of the traditional group that's been using simulation to the designers. And Discovery fits in directly into our existing go-to-market motion into those customers, where these guys will – where our sales team will be able to engage with the same individuals with whom they've been engaged with for years and be able to sell Discovery into that. And we're seeing – we're certainly seeing that happen, we're seeing that in the pipeline, we're seeing that in the activity in the field. So, that's one go-to-market motion to one class of customer. There's a second class of customers who are frankly new to ANSYS. These are people who are – may not necessarily have used simulation that much, may have learned about simulation, may have – these may be smaller organizations, and that lends itself to the channel as well as to inside sales. And in some cases, it's our existing channel, and in some cases, it might be new channel partners, because they're reaching down to a level that's below where ANSYS has historically been playing. And in that situation, you have a different go-to-market that we're developing, that's wrapped around the inside sales and the channel partner. Both of those are important routes to market for us, and we are evaluating the level of activity across both of those go-to-markets.
Gal Munda - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC: Perfect. Just as a follow-up, you mentioned the mentoring experts and the importance of them in terms of being closer to your customers especially in the enterprise accounts. Does this – when this change in the future, does this increase the level of services you guys have to provide as a proportion of total revenue versus historically what you guys have been doing? How do you see that some of the peers are much more intense in terms of the services or do you still think you're going to partner a lot with and let to partners to provide those services after that? Thanks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, I think the thing to realize is that, in many cases, we're fortunate that our products kind of work without the need for major services in a customer. So, we don't need to pay for a lot of people into a customer environment to make a product work, the products kind of work. They do what they are supposed to do and they work. In some cases, we have embedded experts who can help our customers pull together maybe an integrated workflow or figure out how you can drive some of these connections across multiple physics, and we charge for those. So, those are not free resources, we charge for those, and these are skilled individuals and we charge in appropriate and commensurate price for those – the time for those skilled individuals. And of course, we have some customers maybe who need a little bit more, and in many cases, our channel partners are able to provide the services that's around that, that might be at a – and they can certainly manage a different margin structure within the context of our channel partners. And we have channel partners, of course, around the world and they all have different business models. But no, we're not trying to build a big services business here. The embedded experts really help and facilitate the adoption of our technology, and we feel that the embedded experts also give us direct customer access on an ongoing basis. But it's very much on an as-needed occasional basis. This is not a pervasive deployment of people within our accounts.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ajei for any closing remarks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: I'd like to close by expressing my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners, and frankly a big shout out to my ANSYS colleagues, thank you guys for all your efforts and thank you so much for another fantastic quarter. For everyone else, thank you so much for joining the call today. I look forward to our next call, and please enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Annette N. Arribas - ANSYS, Inc. Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc. Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.
Analysts: Rob Oliver - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc. Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI Gal Munda - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, Chief Executive Officer; Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer; and Annette Arribas, Senior Director, Global Investor Relations. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Arribas for some opening remarks.
Annette N. Arribas - ANSYS, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks document have been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all of the key financial information and supporting data relative to our fourth quarter and full year financial results and business update, as well as our Q1 and fiscal year 2018 outlook, and the key underlying assumptions. I would like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information, unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. All growth percentages will be constant currency, unless otherwise noted. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you, Annette, and good morning, everyone. Our performance in 2017 significantly exceeded my expectations coming into the year. We broke through the $1 billion revenue barrier, we grew our annual revenue by double digits for the first time in five years, and we were added to the S&P 500 Index. Our recurring revenue, which comes from leases and maintenance, grew double-digits to 75% of revenue. And we further illustrated the sustainability of our business model by growing deferred revenue and backlog by 21% over 2016, ending the year with a record $770 million. We did all of this while maintaining excellent margins, delivering higher than expected EPS, and extending our technology lead against the competition. Our success in 2017 reaffirmed what I knew to be true when I joined the company from the board of directors. Our growing market, world-class products, robust recurring revenue stream, and industry leading margins give ANSYS an outstanding foundation for long-term success and sustained stockholder value creation. To build on that great base, I approach my first year as the CEO with three objectives in mind. First, to establish a multi-year strategy for the company; second, to both internally promote and externally recruit top-tier talent; and third, to significantly improve execution. I'm excited by the progress that we made in 2017 towards each of these objectives. Let me start with strategy. As a reminder, at our Investor Day in September we articulated a compelling vision of how simulation becomes pervasive across the product lifecycle in the ideation, design, manufacturing, maintenance, and operations phases. We highlighted our commitment to extending our technical leadership by continuing to improve the already market leading accuracy and effectiveness of our flagship products and Multiphysics solutions. We also described how we are broadening our capabilities to selective adjacencies, namely digital exploration, additive manufacturing, and digital twins. We also laid out our corresponding 2020 financial objectives to achieve sustained double digit revenue growth, while maintaining industry leading margins. ANSYS's success in the market is a testament to the passion and the dedication of our 2,900 employees around the world. ANSYS is a company in demand. And job postings consistently attract some of the best minds in the industry. The ANSYS senior leadership team includes long-term ANSYS executives, some with expanded or new responsibilities, as well as key external executive hires in sales, product, legal, and corporate development. Together we're amplifying the strength of the ANSYS culture, one that starts and ends with a passion for solving customer problems and for winning in the marketplace. Moving to execution. 2017 saw improved performance and better results across all functions in the company. I already mentioned some of the financial results. So now let me talk about Q4 and put it in context of the full year. I'm excited by the performance of our largest region, North America, which represents 39% of our annual revenue. Both our total revenue and our lease revenue in the region grew by 10% in Q4. For the full year, total revenue grew 13% while leases grew 17%. The strength of our North American business was driven by our direct sales team. Asia-Pacific represents 32% of our annual revenue. With continued strong performance in China, Korea, and Taiwan, the Q4 results in Asia-Pacific include 7% revenue growth and a 12% increase in lease revenue. For 2017, the region experienced 10% growth in total revenue and 9% growth in lease revenue. Our investments over the past several years in the indirect sales channel helped deliver double digit revenue growth for the indirect channel for both the fourth quarter as well as for the full year. Despite some variability in Europe, we showed in Q4 that the region could once again achieve double digit organic revenue growth. Over the course of the year, we made several changes to address underperformance in Europe, including recruiting new leadership, re-segmenting the region, developing a more strategic focus on large deals, and expanding the channel. I previously stated that 2017 would be a transition year in a long-term recovery for Europe, and that we would start to see the initial results at the end of 2017 or in early 2018. After hitting a low point in Q2, we have seen improvement over the last couple of quarters with Europe achieving a growth rate of 10.5% for Q4, its strongest growth quarter since Q3 of 2013. This pulled Europe's annual growth rate up to 8%. And while I'm excited to see the early improvements in Europe's growth, I expect the full effect of the changes we've made will continue to be realized in 2018 and beyond, as we continue to build a sales pipeline, both direct and indirect, and deepen our relationships with large customers. Worldwide, our indirect channel continues to be a critical contributor to our success, driven by the performance of existing channel partners as well as our ability to recruit new channel partners. I'm happy to report that the indirect channel delivered over 11% revenue growth for both Q4 and for 2017. From an industry perspective, North America and Asia-Pacific led the way in automotive and high tech, strengthened by trends like the electrification of products. The energy and industrial equipment sectors also performed well in these regions, supported by an improvement in the oil and gas sector. Europe showed strong performance in the aerospace supply chain, as well as seven-figure deals in the renewable energy sector. Let me now move to products. At Investor Day, we discussed our customers' top priorities, which include accuracy, Multiphysics capabilities, electrification, and advanced methods. Those priorities drove many of the new enhancements we delivered in last month's release of ANSYS 19, which is the most feature-rich portfolio release in our nearly 50-year history. ANSYS 19 includes enhancements across our entire offering, from structures to fluids, to electromagnetics, to semiconductors, to systems, to embedded software. Using these solutions, customers can more accurately simulate and drive actionable insight for next generation products like autonomous vehicles, reusable rockets, and lifesaving medical devices. We're helping engineers manage complexity and enhance productivity across the broadest range of applications, making simulation even more pervasive. Let me give you some highlights. ANSYS 19 delivers enhanced electromagnetic capabilities like radar cross section, a measure of how large an object looks to a radar system. Now engineers with these systems can quickly predict far field and near field radar signatures for complex 3D objects like aircraft, ships, and automobiles. This is, as you would expect, a key requirement for autonomous vehicle development. Looking at our structural solutions, ANSYS 19 brings major advancements in our non-linear adaptivity and fracture mechanics technologies. Now problems that were very hard to simulate, such as complex crack propagation, can be solved quickly in ANSYS Mechanical, saving customers weeks of analyst time. Our newly enhanced topology optimization delivers solutions five times faster than the competition. And this is of course particularly significant for additive manufacturing. In our fluid solutions, ANSYS 19 delivers new streamlined workflows, drastically reducing the time needed to deliver airflow and other simulations. Customers clearly appreciate this new functionality and have made ANSYS 19 the most in-demand release in our history, based on number of downloads. By addressing our customers' top priorities, ANSYS 19 accelerates our ability to grow with large enterprise customers. As a trusted advisor with world class product capability, we can better support our customers' initiatives and help them drive long-term business successes, even as we increase the adoption of ANSYS products and solutions. This allows us to convert a small footprint into a large ongoing relationship. That strategy is continuing to gain momentum with large companies around the world. In Q4 alone, we had 49 seven-figure deals, including three over $10 million, of which two were over $25 million. For the full year, we had 149 customers with cumulative orders in excess of $1 million. And I'm delighted to report that both the quarterly and the annual numbers are records. One of these Q4 deals was with DENSO, a leading global supplier of advanced automotive technology, systems and components for major automakers, who signed an enterprise agreement to significantly expand the use of ANSYS simulation products. As the automotive industry responds rapidly to the need for developing lighter, cleaner, more fuel efficient, intelligent, and electrified vehicles, DENSO maintains its competitive edge by investing in technologies that continually improve their products and product design processes. A key to their success is investing in simulation to enable their design teams to collaborate across engineering disciplines, using an integrated workflow based on ANSYS Workbench and ANSYS structural fluids and electromagnetic products. This expanded workflow will enable DENSO to further share and leverage insights gained from simulation across their organization. As you may have seen in our announcement last week, Richard Childress Racing, or RCR, is another great example of our strategy in action. RCR designs, develops, manufacturers, and races cars in the NASCAR Monster Energy Cup Series. The ability to simulate and model all aspects of the car, which races every week in challenging physical environments, enables RCR to optimize the car performance more efficiently. RCR relied on our flagship products to develop the 2018 Camaro ZL1 that is racing this season. And if any of you follow the sport, you'll know that earlier this week RCR's Austin Dillon won the prestigious DAYTONA 500. In a new agreement with ANSYS, RCR will start to model the electrical and other systems in the car to create a true digital twin and simulate it in a hostile environment that is difficult or impossible to test. As we expand our presence with customers with our best-in-class physics and integrated solutions, we are displacing the competition. Aeroflex Colorado Springs, doing business as Cobham Semiconductor Solutions, a provider of ASIC's HiRel for harsh environments, entered into a multiyear partnership in Q4 as they expand their ASIC design capability to advanced process nodes and create more efficient workflows to collaborate with their packaging teams. ANSYS became a top tier provider with this deal, establishing a chip package system workflow and displacing a competitor. In another example, after a series of successful benchmarks, a major global aerospace company based in Europe standardized on ANSYS Mechanical in Q4 through a multi-year agreement, displacing the incumbent competition. The customer is adopting a comprehensive ANSYS platform and reshaping their simulation process through an integrated workflow based on ANSYS Workbench and our flagship fluids and mechanical products. As reliability and performance remain paramount for next generation aircraft designs, digital prototyping through ANSYS solutions will enable them to realize more efficient, more reliable, and more cost effective designs. Our commitment to bringing advanced methods to market to solve next generation problems for customers is also bearing fruit. One of our Q4 deals was with a large global automotive OEM to deliver a comprehensive solution to simulate fully autonomous vehicles. This agreement provides the customer with ANSYS's industry leading simulation software and a team of experts to accelerate critical advancements in sensors of self-driving cars. ANSYS's breakthrough engineering simulation technology will enable the safety, reliability, and performance requirements needed to bring fully autonomous vehicles to market. Finishing off the product news. I'm excited that we released Discovery Live commercially just last week, following a tremendously successful technology preview. Now as you may recall, Discovery Live provides interactive real-time simulation, which is particularly useful in the ideation and the early design phases of the product lifecycle. Discovery Live will help us to democratize simulations and will empower engineers who previously could not leverage simulation. It will also help engineers proficient with simulation to become more efficient by giving them quick directional guidance on where to focus their deeper analysis. And while we are very excited with the Discovery Live opportunity, it is important to note that this is the first version of a transformative product. As such, we expect commercial pickup to be deliberate as customers figure out how the product fits into their workflows. Hence, we do not expect any material revenue contribution from Discovery Live this year. Let's move to M&A. Additive manufacturing is one of our key strategic adjacencies. To accelerate our technology roadmap, in Q4 we acquired 3DSIM, a developer of premier additive manufacturing simulation technology. By integrating 3DSIM into the ANSYS platform, we will offer the industry's only complete design-to-print, additive manufacturing simulation workflow. The 3DSIM acquisition won't have a material impact on revenue in 2018, while we develop our integrated solution and bring it to market. We continue to drive significant value from previously acquired products and solution, as we enhance the capabilities integrated with other ANSYS products and cross-sell within our customers. As an example, when we acquired medini in late 2016, the company was focused on the automotive sector. We have since expanded ANSYS medini in two dimensions. First, to offer robust safety analysis to industries beyond automotive, including rail, aerospace, nuclear, and other industries; and second to integrate with other ANSYS products. Now only ANSYS can provide comprehensive integrated solutions that span safety systems, safety critical embedded software, system simulation, and 3D physics simulation for critical systems across multiple industries. And while I'm excited and proud of our performance in 2017, it's important to remember that this was only the first year in a multi-year journey to achieve sustained double digit revenue growth. We still have a lot of work ahead of us. But with our strategy, with our team, and our laser focus on execution, I am confident that we can help our customers win in the marketplace with their next generation of products, while we continue to deliver value to our stockholders. And with that I will now turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financial results and outlook in a little more detail. Maria?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Ajei shared a few of our key financial highlights, but let me take a few minutes to add some additional perspective on our Q4 and 2017 operational performance and key financial metrics, including the impact of tax reform. I'll also spend some time commenting on our outlook and assumptions for Q1 and 2018, as well as additional key performance metrics that we will be disclosing in our outlook going forward. And also just to note, I will be commenting in terms of non-GAAP, unless I state otherwise. The results of Q4 reflect strong execution across our business. In line with the key messages that we communicated at Investor Day, this enabled us to deliver record Q4 results with both revenue and earnings above the high end of our guidance. Key financial highlights begin with total Q4 revenue of $303.4 million and total revenue for 2017 of $1.098 billion, or constant currency growth of 9% and 10.5% respectively. Both of these were important milestones, as they are firsts for ANSYS, in terms of not only crossing a quarterly revenue threshold of $300 million, but more importantly crossing $1 billion in annual revenue. The Q4 over-performance on the top line was driven by a number of factors, including a higher than expected perpetual mix as we closed out the quarter. Double digit growth in North America, China, Taiwan, and the UK also contributed to the strong Q4 revenue performance. The Q4 and 2017 results include a positive currency impact on the revenue line of $8.1 million and $5.4 million. Recurring revenue for the quarter and the year totaled $214 million and $820 million. On an annual basis, recurring revenue were double digits in constant currency and increased to 75% of total revenue. The company's ability to continue to maintain and to grow a solid base of recurring revenue has been one of the hallmarks of our business model for decades. I'd like to remind everyone that Q4 of 2016 included constant currency sales bookings growth of 36%. So not surprisingly, sales bookings declined 11% in constant currency in the fourth quarter of this year. However, most importantly, sales bookings grew 7% for the full year. As we've seen over the course of the past year, as we continue to execute on our go-to-market initiatives to expand the overall size and duration of customer commitment, our historical bookings metrics can vary significantly across the quarters, based upon the seasonality of renewals and the timing of large multi-year contracts. This quarterly volatility is specifically why we will be moving away from bookings to focusing on annual contract value, or ACV, as a new and more relevant measure in 2018. I'll provide some additional color on this topic in just a few moments. I want to highlight that we continue to manage the business with financial discipline. And we closed 2017 in line with the annual target range for operating margin that we had committed coming into the year. For the quarter and for 2017 we achieved a gross margin of 90% and operating margins of 43% and 46%, respectively. The Q4 margin was slightly below the guidance that we had provided and was mostly impacted by sales commission expense, in conjunction with both our very strong close in the fourth quarter and record sales performance for the full year. To a lesser extent, the inclusion of 3DSIM, some 2018 pre-hiring activities in Q4, and incremental consulting cost in connection with the go-to-market changes that we highlighted at Investor Day also impacted Q4's margins. We reported record EPS of $1.07 for the quarter and $4.01 for the year, representing 9% and 10% growth over last year's fourth quarter and full year earnings. Now let's move to the topic of taxes. The recently enacted changes under U.S. tax reform negatively impacted both our Q4 GAAP income tax provision and EPS results. Q4 included a $1.9 million charge in connection with the adjustment toward net deferred tax assets. We also recorded an estimated transition tax of $16 million on certain, unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries, which is payable over eight years. Additionally, we lost a benefit of $4.8 million related to foreign earnings repatriation that was previously expected and otherwise to be recognized in the fourth quarter. These items, which were excluded for non-GAAP purposes, are discussed in further detail in the earnings announcement and prepared remarks. For 2018, we currently expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 23.5%, subject to further interpretation and clarification of the many nuances of U.S. tax reform. We will continue to refine our estimates and provide updates. Our operating cash flow for the quarter was $103.5 million, and we reached a record high of $430.4 million for the year. This represents 18% growth over 2016. In line with our capital allocation priorities, we closed 2017 with a total of 2.8 million shares repurchased, including 750,000 shares repurchased during the fourth quarter at a total cost of $336 million. As you saw in last evening's announcement, the board has renewed our commitment to continue to return capital to our stockholders by increasing the authorized share repurchase program back to a total of 5 million shares. Now let me turn to our commentary on our guidance. As we had previously communicated, as part of the company's adoption of ASC 606 in Q1 of 2018, not only will we be providing outlook under the new revenue recognition rules, that is ASC 606, but in 2018, our first year of adoption, we will also be providing outlook under the previous ASC 605 rules. We believe this will provide investors and analysts with an additional level of comparability to historical financial results, as we transition to the new rules. Additionally, beginning in 2018 we will also be providing guidance on two new performance measures. The first metric is annual contract value, or ACV. Going forward we believe that the change in ACV will be a more meaningful metric for measuring the underlying performance and health of the business, particularly in light of the variability in revenue that results from the adoption of ASC 606, as well as the volatility in the bookings metric that we have historically provided that resulted from multi-year transactions and the impact of movement in the timing of renewals. Further details around our definition of ACV are provided in our prepared remarks. The second new performance metric is annual operating cash flows, also a key metric in measuring the underlying performance of the business that will not be significantly impacted by ACS 606, as we do not expect the new standard to impact how we go to market or how we bill or collect from our customers and our channel partners. We have initiated our outlook for Q1 with non-GAAP revenue under ASC 605 in the range of $275 million to $285 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.02 to $1.09. Non-GAAP revenue under ASC 606 is in the range of $261 million to $281 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.90 to $1.05. For 2018, our current outlook includes non-GAAP revenue under ACS 605 in the range of $1.192 billion to $1.227 billion or constant currency growth of 6% to 9% and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $4.76 to $5. Non-GAAP revenue under ASC 606 is in the range of $1.152 billion to $1.232 billion and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $4.41 to $5.04. Our ACV outlook for 2018 is $1.230 billion to $1.275 billion. This represents constant currency ACV growth of 7% to 11% over the 2017 baseline or 9% at the midpoint, ahead of the overall simulation market growth rate. Our outlook for annual operating cash flows for 2018 is in the range of $430 million to $470 million. I would also like to make clear that our outlook for operating cash flow in 2018 includes the estimated adverse impact of approximately $20 million related to the acceleration of income tax payments under ASC 606 that's associated with deferred revenue and backlog credited to retained earnings that will never be recognized as revenue in the company's financial statements. Also in connection with ASC 606, we are currently estimating a reduction in our total deferred revenue and backlog in the range of $230 million to $260 million, or $165 million to $190 million net of tax, that will become part of our cumulative effect adjustment within retained earnings. For modeling purposes, under ASC 605 we are targeting a non-GAAP gross profit margin of approximately 89% to 90% for both the first quarter and 2018 and non-GAAP operating margins of 42% to 43% for Q1 and 44% to 45% for 2018. This aligns with what we communicated at Investor Day regarding a reduction in the margin to enable incremental investment in the business that will drive sustainable double digit top line growth by 2020. In 2018, the key areas of incremental investment include additional hires, particularly in the technical sales and support teams and R&D, as well as incremental investment in the company's HPC compute capacity and its business system infrastructure. Further details around specific currency rates and other assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q1 and 2018 are contained in the prepared remarks document. In summary, in Q4 and 2017 we delivered a record quarter and year with strength across all of the key financial metrics, top-line growth, operating margin, earnings, operating cash flows, and deferred revenue and backlog. This solid performance, delivered across each quarter, gives us confidence that our continued focus on execution and investing in the business with financial discipline, combined with the strength of our business model, product portfolio, and sales pipeline, provides a strong foundation to deliver on our near-term 2018 goals, as well as our longer-term 2020 financial targets. And with that, operator, we will now open the phone lines to take questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up. Our first question comes from Rob Oliver with Robert W. Baird & Company. Please go ahead.
Rob Oliver - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. One quick one and then a follow up. First, on the contract lengths, I just wanted to kind of dig into that bookings number, since it's the last time we're going to get it. So I might as well go for it. Was there any anything around contract lengths? Or how do they compare year over year that could have had a meaningful impact on that bookings number? I'm aware you guys were coming up against an awfully tough comp year over year. But just wanted to dig into that. Thanks.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. I'll take that. When you take a look at the duration of either current or long-term deferred, it's largely in line with Q3 and with Q4 of last year. So no real changes in contract duration.
Rob Oliver - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then maybe one for Ajei. At the Analyst Day, I know in Rick's presentation you guys talked a lot about moving more into that consultative sale and spreading more within accounts. It sounds as if that's starting to really gain traction. Maria mentioned as one of your spending outlooks for this year would be hiring more in that technical sales area, that field technical sales area. Where are you in that trajectory in terms of that field technical sales hire, as you seek to expand within those accounts? And how – so that we can sort of think about how you plot that out this year as part of your investment? Thanks, guys.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Sure. So as Maria mentioned in her comments, one of the areas where we are planning on investing this year is to continue to ramp up our ACE resources, or our technical sales resources. So that's the activity that we have planned for this year. We got a little bit of a head start on that as well in Q4, as Maria mentioned in the comments. So we have a good pipeline of people. And we're seeing some really good quality candidates. And as you can see from some of the comments that I made as well, the strategy of being – of increasing our – the number of technical salespeople we have is paying off. It's helping us to drive some deeper relationships with our customers. And that allows us obviously at the end of the day to create a situation where we can broaden the usage of ANSYS technologies within the customers. And we can monetize the relationship on an ongoing basis at a deeper level than we've been able to in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Let me ask my questions all together, just to get that out of the way. First for Ajei. When you think about your 2018 outlook and perhaps even through 2020, as talked about at the Analyst Meeting, how are you thinking about your specific end markets? In other words, if for example, your two largest end markets by bookings proportion, electronics and/or semis, were to slow or grow at some rate less than the corporate expectation, could you still make your numbers based on the expected growth in your other verticals? Number two. At the Analyst Meeting you talked about devoting about a fifth of R&D into next generation technology. And you highlighted four areas. One of those was digital exploration. So I assume Discovery Live takes care of that. And you talked about additive manufacturing, so perhaps 3DSIM takes care of that. Could you talk about the other couple of pieces within next generation R&D? And then finally, if I could just squeeze in a bonus question. On the margin, are you seeing or expecting more displacement activity? I'm just reading into your language, it sounds as though you are perhaps a little bit more expectant of displacement activity than you might typically have been before?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So let me try to quickly address some of those questions, Jay. As far as the end markets are concerned, there's some major trends right now taking place that I think are inexorable, which is – one of which is the electronification if you will of the world. And we're seeing products get smarter, green products. This is not uniquely a trend that's related to the electronics industry. It is essentially the broad-based electronification across a number of different product areas and a number of different industry verticals. So that remains a broad-based tailwind I think that helps us, given the nature of our portfolio. We're also frankly seeing strength in a number of the other end markets. I mentioned for example, energy in Europe. For example, we saw in renewable energy a number of large deals as well come down in Q4. So while there may be quarter-over-quarter variations from one market to the other, generally speaking, I think these broad-based trends that we see, Multiphysics, electronification, et cetera, apply across a number of the industries that we participate in. So we feel like we're immunized from these minor variations from quarter to quarter. That's number one. As far as other areas, you're right to say that the digital exploration was Discovery Live. And as I mentioned, we now have Discovery Live, the product now available commercially. And it just came out a few days ago. And obviously I mentioned 3DSIM, the acquisition. And that includes – our solution for additive manufacturing will include not just the work that came from the 3DSIM team, which was fantastic, but it's also the integration into our overall portfolio, where we have an end-to-end workflow that goes all the way from design to manufacturing. And we believe that that's an incredibly compelling value proposition to a number of different end users. So we're excited about that. I also mentioned in my comments some work that we're doing with – in the autonomous space. And we're excited about the opportunity there, specifically – or in particular because we can take both a sensor-oriented view as well as a systems-oriented view towards the autonomous vehicles and the development of those. So I think that's exciting. Another area that we're seeing – where there continues to be traction and a lot of interest is digital twin. And in that case, what you're seeing with digital twin is really the opportunity to try to optimize on maintenance downtime or field optimization of products. And more and more industries are finding this to be an interesting concept and are now starting to participate in that. And we're seeing more demand from customers around understanding what's involved in creating digital twins. So I think those were the questions. And I think you mentioned – you talked about prioritization of R&D as well. And absolutely. I mean as we discussed with our broad-based allocation at Investor Day, we have a certain amount that we set aside for some of these advanced initiatives. And we continue to develop some of what I've talked about already and other things in our labs. And we can obviously talk more about next generation products as we get closer to product innovation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. Ajei, I was wondering if you could shed a little more light on the agreement you announced with GE yesterday? Particularly the part about the advisory board you'll be forming with them. Sort of, one, have you done this before? Two, sort of what are the objectives of that? And maybe, three, do you think this is something you could repeat with other major customers? Thanks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So as you know GE is a longtime customer of ours. I think they've been a customer of ours for 30 years or longer. And they've been – they've used essentially a lot of our portfolio. And this agreement – which is a Q1 agreement. This agreement essentially gives them access to the full breadth of our portfolio and across essentially all of the physics. Now the management review board, we do have relationships with some of the other large customers, where we have a review board, where we get together to talk about areas of mutual interest, how we can collaborate, where our technology is going, and where their product areas – where their business challenges are going. And we find frankly that's a very important opportunity for us to be able to understand what leading customers want and also to validate where our solutions are going with leading customers. So we like that. Obviously this is something that we can do with our largest customers, because it does take time and effort. And we're excited to engage in this kind of a relationship with GE. And we believe that this is – this has value across a number of the large customers.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Got it. And then just on Discovery Live, understand you're not planning on any material revenue contribution from that this year. But can you talk about what you learned during the, call it, trial or beta period of the product? How you've changed it? And what might make that the kind of the solution you've been looking for I think for a while? The sort of truly democratized physics based simulation?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, I think that as I said earlier, it's obviously early days from a commercial perspective. But in the trial period we saw people using the product for all kinds of interesting use cases. Frankly, use cases that we didn't expect. And I think that was very gratifying. And so we had a lot of change – a number of changes that came in that people had suggested in terms of expansions that have all been put into our roadmap. And we realized that we need to have a more rapid development cycle. So we're going to be pushing the leases out more rapidly. So it's a number of learnings I would say around the core technology to make it easier to use and to think about the nature of the physics that we have in the product. There's also the go-to-market, because we've made this technology available obviously through our traditional channels. But we also make it available through an online download. And we've had to get all of that infrastructure up and running to be able to process orders from the e-commerce channel as well. So those are – I think those are also learnings. It's not necessarily around the product. But it's in the how we transact business. And so the e-commerce channel is live right now for both North America and for Europe. So these are all – these are the kinds of learnings that we've gleaned from our work with Discovery Live so far. But as I said, it's early days. And we're really excited about the use cases. And we expect that customer feedback will continue to influence the direction that the product goes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. How are you?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Good.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Good. How are you doing, Saket?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: How are you?
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Not bad. Not bad. Hey, Ajei, maybe just to start with you. It seems like the energy sector is seeing the stronger recovery in North America and is perhaps starting internationally. I think the sector is about 10% of total sales. So could you just talk about whether you think it's just a matter of time for these other geographies to catch up? And also maybe just touch on whether your sector exposure here is significantly different in the other regions? Qualitatively, of course.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So as I just – I think as I just mentioned in Europe, when it comes to energy we just saw some renewable energy deals in Q4. As far as oil is concerned, in North America we're seeing land drilling is accelerating. But I think the Middle East, Russia, Latin America, are all ramping up, maybe a little bit behind North America. But we see that happening. And frankly in North America we saw some pretty decent growth. And it was fueled by some of the long-term trends that persist and are shaping investments in the industry. So obviously there's the ongoing increased demand for energy. And that's obvious. There's also safety and regulation. And that's driving the use of simulation. And that's an important driver of the use of our technologies. Also reliability and asset management. And asset management is an example where customers are evaluating digital twin technology to be able to optimize the performance of their assets in the field. And so it's really around asset performance more than asset management, per se. So those are some of the long-term trends that we're seeing here. And we see the ramping up in some of the other geos outside of North America, as I just mentioned.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Got it. Thanks for that. Maybe for my follow-up, a quick one for you, Maria. First of all, thanks for the new ACV disclosure and guidance. Could you just maybe talk about how much 3DSIM might be contributing to ACV? I know we said it's immaterial on revenue, but just wanted make sure we ask the question on ACV. And also how you think about the components of ACV maybe trending qualitatively as part of that guide? Because I believe it includes not just lease and maintenance, but also perpetual and services?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. So, Saket, relative to ACV, we don't expect material contribution to ACV from 3DSIM. So immaterial for 2018 on both the top line as well as the ACV. Relative to our expectations for perpetuals, right now we're assuming that the 2018 model is similar to 2017, relative to the proportion of perpetuals. We aren't seeing any significant deviations away from 2017 in our 2018 outlook at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gabriela Borges with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Congrats on the results. I have a follow-up on the sales and marketing and the go-to-market commentary from earlier in the conversation. Ajei, maybe you could just talk a little bit about any specific changes that you're looking to make this year? Is it more just a continuation of all the discussions that we had last year? Or any specific changes in how you're thinking about the channel of the direct sales force? Thanks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So I think we laid out, Gabriela, the – Rick laid out in his discussion at Investor Day strategically where we're driving the sales organization, driving our go-to market. And let me just emphasize a couple of those points, because we continue to execute against that plan that he laid out or the direction that he laid out. The first is on enterprise accounts. As I mentioned in my comments, we're seeing more and larger deals coming into the business. And that's driven by a focus on some of these larger accounts, where we can land and where we can work with our existing footprint within the account. And broaden and deepen it as we get more ingrained in usage within the accounts. And so we're increasing the number of enterprise customers or customers who are managed through our enterprise program. So that's one area. Last year as you remember, we mentioned we had hired a new leader for that group reporting into Rick. And that individual is actually headquartered in Germany. So he has a worldwide team. He's based out of Germany. He has experience, years of experience in managing large enterprise accounts. And we're increasing his portfolio if you will, the number of companies that he is responsible for around the world. So that's one area. The other area is with the channel. We believe that as we continue to grow our business, the channel is as important to – as it's ever been for us and more important. And we continue to ensure that we enable our existing channel partners, as well as recruit new channel partners. And so that is an important area as well for us moving forward. The other area that we are starting to invest in the segmentation that Rick mentioned to you is, we're taking our regional sales organizations and we're really – we're splitting them into – from a go-to-market perspective, we have a strategic account sales motion, and we have a more of a volume or momentum sales motion. And we're approaching customers, depending on how they like you to buy and how we can access them, either as a strategic customer, as a volume or momentum customer. So when you put it all together, what Rick laid out was a comprehensive go-to market strategy where we segment the customers and we approach them as is appropriate for that particular customer, for that particular geo. And that's what we're executing against this year.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's very helpful. And two quick follow-ups for Maria, if I could. Maria, you mentioned the higher perpetual mix intra-quarter. Any commentary on why you think that mix played out a little more weighted towards perpetual? And just qualitatively, could you give us a sense on the large deal pipeline? How does that compare to maybe what you were seeing this time last year? Thanks.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. So relative to perpetual, I would just say it's the end of the year. The customer spend environment is very positive. And particularly, you heard some of the performance in the channel and Asia tends to be perpetual. So I just think those combination of factors all contributed to a very strong close. And perpetuals are still in certain parts of the world and in certain segments of our customers the preferred licensing model. And with respect to the second part of the question, I apologize. Oh, large deal pipeline. I would say, following on Ajei's commentary about the enterprise team, we are seeing more activity. We've identified more accounts. We've taken some of the technical resources and specifically tied them to some of those key accounts. The pipeline is stronger. It is certainly stronger than it was a year ago at this time. And all of the initiatives and the efforts around that segmentation, we're confident will continue to yield results in 2018 and, more importantly, set the stage for us continuing to grow the ACV so that we can accomplish our 2020 targets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. So I was wondering if you could discuss how you're thinking about the cost of sales for new deals versus sales to existing customers? And along those lines, whether you're using some type of CAC versus LTV analysis or some other framework?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Ken, let me just start, and then I'll ask Maria to jump in as well. So it is generally speaking for our customers, very few customers, if any, will simply jump in with a large multimillion dollar agreement on day one with no prior relationship with us. So what always happens, so you see, walk through the life cycle of a customer. If they've never used ANSYS, they have to understand how to use the solutions, they have to understand the value; one. And that might be an initial small deal. And that might require a little bit more effort than a similar deal of that size to a well-established customer, where a deal of that size might just be a flow through, where they just want a few more licenses, because they've been using the technology for years. So there's a difference between those two. But once you've established a footprint within the customers and once you can show the value of what you do, which we can, then you can start to move in two dimensions. One is you obviously start to increase the usage within the customer, and then you cross-sell across all of the different physics and you move across multiple use cases. Now this strategy of broadening and deepening the usage of customers is facilitated when you can go in and talk about problems that are particularly challenging and relevant that customers may be dealing with today. And a great example of that is autonomous. And we're getting pulled into a number of conversations around autonomous. And when we get pulled in, these are larger conversations that are taking place and customers are trying to figure out how to make and what bets that they need to make, as they think about the evolution of their businesses. So there's no one size fits all across these go-to markets. And when we engage with the customers, we have to understand what their challenges are and what the opportunity is. And then sometimes it's very clear. If you're engaging with a customer in a particular area, you can look at how much money equivalent customers spend on simulation for example of similar size and scale and that can translate into what the opportunity is that we have ahead of us. You can look at the incumbents, if there are other incumbents, you can look at our footprint within the customer. All of that leads to our ability to evaluate what the opportunity is like at the customer. And that's what influences the resources we apply to a particular account, whether we take the account as an enterprise account, whether we take it as a strategic account, whether we work with a channel partner. So all of that segmentation is driven by that analysis. So it's a pretty sophisticated piece of work that we need to do in order to make sure that our year is set up for success, and that we're able to maintain our business model, which we're so proud of.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. And the only additional commentary I'll add is, as a follow on to some of the comments that Ajei spoke to, is why the channel, which currently is about 25% of our revenue today, is so important. Because from a go-to-market for those smaller deals that are perhaps single physics, and that's where they begin, that is a much more cost efficient go-to market for us, so that we can focus on some of those longer, more established customer relationships, while the channel is doing more of the early hunting and farming. And so that balance of direct and the indirect is what enables us to really capture more of the market share than we could on our own, as well as some of the initiatives that we've been investing in and talking about that are early relative to inside sales, particularly for products like Discovery Live that lend themselves to inside sales. So all of those are important parts of our go-to market and that we will continue to invest in and refine.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gal Munda with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Gal Munda - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC: Hey, I'd just like to follow up a bit about the growth in the pipeline that you mentioned. Historically you've said that about a majority of the growth is going to come from existing accounts, which makes sense. But today you're talking more about displacing competition than previously. So how much of the growth within the existing accounts is expanding the usage and addressable market itself? And how much it is displacing competition? Just kind of broad view? Thank you.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So a lot of the growth that we're driving comes from expanding use cases, growth in the business. Because simulation continues to be a very sticky technology in the installed base. What I was highlighting is that in some cases as customers start to – as customers start to broaden the usage of our solutions, and they start to standardize, in some cases that can lead to standardization on ANSYS technologies. And customers are willing to invest. Just because of the capabilities of our product, they're willing to invest in standardizing on us and taking on the challenge of replacing simulation technology from other vendors. So for many large accounts, you'll definitely find ANSYS may have a presence. But there may be others – there certainly may be other vendors in there as well. If not – no one is uniquely single vendor. It's just the nature of companies, how they grow through acquisitions and so on and so forth and through projects. So that's the dynamic. But we see clearly significant opportunity and a significant part of our business comes from expanding usage within existing customers, as they start to think about new use cases, new projects, and getting involved. In some cases, when customers think about the use of a technology, they'll standardize on the use of a technology for a particular project. And they'll use that technology. And so that's an expansion, that's a new opportunity we'll get in to participate. It may be competitive in the sense that others are also trying to get into that same activity. But that's the beauty of our solutions and our capabilities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Monika Garg with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. If I look at the revenue guidance, about 8% to 10%, what would have been the constant currency growth rate? And your revenue guidance is kind of couple of points lower than year over year from 2017. Any reason to guide slight lower growth? Thank you.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah, Monika, as I said in my commentary, we're guiding under [ASC] 605, 6% to 9% constant currency growth rate as we head into 2018 for the full year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi and thanks for taking my question. I want to follow up on Monika's question and just ask you about the guide. So 7.5% constant currency at the midpoint, yet the ACV guide is 9%. I would have thought this was due to mix shift. But Maria you said the mix assumption is similar to 2017. So maybe you could talk about why the difference in those two metrics? And then just if you can put it in the context of the long-term guide as well. Your guide calls for about 45% operating margin in fiscal 2018. So you're already at the high end of your long-term guide on margin, but you're below on revenue. So how do we think about that trajectory? And how do we think about the potential for variance from your guide in 2018, either upside or downside?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yes. So, Steve, essentially we're looking at the full here, and it's February right now. So the way that we've mapped out, based on our current visibility, based on our current pipeline, is Q1 is no doubt the slowest revenue growth quarter of the year. And when we look at particularly some of those larger deals, they are right now largely scheduled in the second half of the year. So just because of timing of those larger deals, that's kind of what's driving the guidance right now. Relative to the margin. In line with what we communicated at Investor Day, we're going to continue to try to trade off top line growth for some reduction in the margin that enables us to invest. Because right now we see this incredible opportunity. And we don't want to put the long-term health of the business at risk just to drive short-term margin. So we feel very good about our ability to trade off investment in the business to drive top line growth, so that we can get to 2020 and get to sustainable double digit growth. And an important part of being able to get to that is to get to that double digit ACV, which is really the foundation that will drive double digit sustainable revenue growth by 2020.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot for taking my question. I actually had one for Maria on costs. So OpEx per employee, I think grew in the low teens in 2017. And that compares with the mid-single digit growth in 2016. So I guess what is driving that ramp in higher OpEx per employee? And how should we think about it in terms of, does it normalize at some point? Should we get back to a kind of normal wage inflation type growth rate in that OpEx per employee? And when might that happen? Thanks.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: So, Ross, can I ask when you're doing your calculation, are you including stock compensation expense?
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets: No, I'm doing non-GAAP. So excluding stock-based comp. I'm only looking at the operating expenses, so I'm not including any of the COGS in there. But it seemed like it accelerated a lot last year. You mentioned there were some one-time costs like consulting. But I'm just wondering if there's some other underlying inflation in your employee cost structure, maybe as a result of some of these initiatives that you put in place?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: No. I would say probably the commentary relative to Q4 and even throughout 2017 is the variable cost that's driven by sales commissions. And the reality is, is we had a record year. And our sales teams as well as the variable costs related to our employees, because when we do well, we share with our employees in the form of bonuses. And so the variable compensation element for all the employees was greater than it was say in 2016, where we finished at 4.9% constant currency growth and as you can imagine, below our plan.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like turn the conference back over to Ajei Gopal for closing remarks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you, Brandon. So 2017 was an outstanding year for ANSYS. We believe that the combination of our pervasive simulation strategy, our high quality team, and our focus on execution will differentiate us and will drive our successes in 2018 and beyond. I am more excited than ever about the opportunities ahead of us. I would like to close by expressing my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners. And to the ANSYS team, I'm so proud of what we have achieved as one ANSYS. Thank you all for your hard work and for your many successes. And thank you all for joining our call today. And I look forward to our next call. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Annette N. Arribas - ANSYS, Inc. Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc. Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.
Analysts: Kenneth Hoi Fung Wong - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Alexander Frankiewicz - Berenberg
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS' Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. Please note, this event is being recorded. With us today are Ajei Gopal, Chief Executive Officer; Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer; and Annette Arribas, Senior Director, Global Investor Relations. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Arribas for some opening remarks.
Annette N. Arribas - ANSYS, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks document have been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all of the key financial information and supporting data relative to our third quarter and year-to-date financial results and business update, as well as our Q4 and fiscal year 2017 outlook, and the key underlying assumptions. Unless otherwise noted, all revenue growth rates will be provided in constant currency. I would like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. Statements made on today's call are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information, unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you, Annette, and good morning, everyone. During our recent Investor Day in mid-September, my team and I discussed how engineering simulation, what we do, is at the center of a profound transformation, in which digital technologies are changing the way products are designed, manufactured and operated. Simulation helps our customers lower cycle times and reduce costs, increase quality and decrease risk, and drive innovation while managing complexity. We described our vision of Pervasive Simulation, in which engineering simulation is embedded in the entire product lifecycle from ideation, to design, to manufacturing, to operations and in actual products. We discussed some of our core strengths, the scalability and the accuracy of our solvers, the power of our electronics and embedded software solutions, the integrated multi-physics nature of our portfolio, the comprehensiveness and effectiveness of our platform, and the depth of our technical relationships with our customers. All of these strengths are highly valued by our customers and, as you will hear in a moment, helped contribute to our successes in Q3. We also discuss our investment in key adjacencies, including additive manufacturing, digital twins and the Internet of Things, which will broaden and expand our core product capabilities. We believe our vision of Pervasive Simulation will continue to give us access to a large and growing market opportunity, will allow us to broaden and deepen our relationships with our existing customers, and will continue to propel the broad adoption of ANSYS solutions. Our performance this quarter is another excellent proof point that our growth strategy is succeeding. Driven by strong execution and deepening relationships with large customers, we delivered an outstanding quarter of double-digit revenue growth and exceeded the high end of guidance for both revenue and earnings. Q3 was also an excellent bookings quarter with 38% year-over-year growth, which illustrates that customer demand for our products is very strong. In fact, we have grown revenue double digits for the first nine months of this year, all the while maintaining industry-leading margins. This is the strongest growth in the third quarter and in the first nine months since 2012. I'd like to spend a few minutes illustrating how our strategy of Pervasive Simulation and the core strengths I mentioned earlier are helping us win in the market. Our scalability and accuracy drive the use of our solutions in the most demanding of applications. The U.S. Department of Energy, acting on behalf of its contractor, Bechtel Marine Propulsion Corporation, signed a seven-figure deal to bring in ANSYS technology to be used in the research and development of nuclear propulsion systems for the U.S. Navy. Bechtel is a longstanding ANSYS customer who will use ANSYS Fluid Dynamics and high performance computing software to extend their robust design optimization simulation capabilities. The breadth of physics and the multi-physics nature of our Pervasive Simulation strategy, coupled with our investment in key adjacencies, allows us to expand existing relationships with customers. In Q3, we closed a multi-year deal with longtime customer, Cummins. Cummins, as you may remember, has embraced simulation as part of its product development process through a practice it calls Analysis Led Design. This new agreement will further expand Cummins' use of ANSYS technology across every area of physics, as well as the systems and engineering knowledge management, to put more advanced tools in the hands of more engineers. This tight collaboration will help Cummins innovate around its emerging strategic initiatives in electrification and functional safety. Also in Q3, a leading supplier of automotive propulsion products significantly increased its adoption of ANSYS simulation solutions through a new enterprise agreement. The company moved from using a small portion of ANSYS products to a broad agreement, giving them worldwide access to ANSYS' full-suite of structures, fluids, electromagnetics, embedded software and system solutions. They will also provide designers and non-analysts, who historically have not used simulation, with access to ANSYS' products. In other words, they will use ANSYS technology pervasively in the product design cycle, from ideation, to detailed product verification. This quarter, we also closed a multi-year seven-figure deal at one of the largest social media companies. This deal includes the full ANSYS portfolio of solutions to support the development of virtual reality, Internet of Things, networking applications and other hardware products. ANSYS' Multiphysics was key to addressing their upfront design considerations for complex thermal, signal integrity, power integrity and antenna design challenges. The strength and completeness of our electronics and embedded software solutions are critical to our many successes in an increasingly digital landscape. Honeywell, a world leader in cockpit display and flight management systems, has invested in ANSYS SCADE Solutions to create the next-generation ARINC 661 compliant cockpit display platform. By using the SCADE model-based solution, Honeywell will be able to develop the next generation platform four times faster than current processes. Honeywell's use of SCADE is a strategic decision that will allow them to expand market share and remain a leader in both the business and regional jet industries. A North American provider of networking solutions for data center, cloud and high-performance computing adopted ANSYS' Multiphysics solution for electronics cooling and board reliability in Q3. ANSYS' coupled electrical and thermal analysis will enhance their simulation workflow, predicting reliability issues early in the design cycle, with potential savings in the millions of dollars. And finally in Q3, a global semiconductor customer in Asia increased their long-term commitment to ANSYS, adopting our next generation RedHawk-SC solution, as well as adding our new Path FX technology to analyze the interaction between power integrity and timing performance to optimize their next generation semiconductor designs. Now, let me shift to the performance of our three major sales regions. I am pleased with our North America performance, with Q3 revenue growth of 18%, lease revenue growth of 18% and perpetual revenue growth of above 20%. I am also delighted that in Q3, our North America team signed the largest deal in the history of the company, a three-year lease contract of over $45 million. Shifting to Asia-Pacific, the Q3 results reflect overall revenue growth of 11% that include a 12% growth in maintenance and above 10% growth in each of lease and perpetual revenue. China and Taiwan continue to deliver a strong revenue growth, both in excess of 30% for the third quarter and the first nine months of the year. Our Asia-Pacific indirect business continues to demonstrate strength with double-digit revenue growth resulting from the ongoing focus and the investments that we have been making over the past few years. Our slowest growth region in the quarter was Europe, delivering revenue growth of 5% in Q3. We continue to see strength in France for the third quarter in a row, up 20% in the quarter and 18% year-to-date. The UK showed significant improvement with 16% revenue growth in the quarter, albeit off a weak year-over-year compare. Although our channels business in Germany continues to be strong, the revenue performance of our direct business in Germany has lagged. As I have shared with you on previous calls and as we discussed at Investor Day, we have a recovery plan in place for Europe. We are making good progress and I am confident that our rebuilding efforts will set the stage for improved performance in Europe in 2018 and beyond. Looking at our performance across industries, sales in electronics and semiconductors, automotive, aerospace and defense, and industrial equipment continue to be steady drivers of growth across all geographies. In automotive, we continue to see R&D investment in disruptive technologies such as autonomous systems and electric vehicles. In aerospace and defense, initiatives around reducing costs and environmental impact are leading to the increased use of simulation in aircraft engines. The space sector remains strong for ANSYS as the disruptive Space 2.0 companies continue to drive innovation through simulation. The resurgence of the defense sector continued in Q3, especially in North America and Europe. Although, oil and gas remains weak, the energy sector as a whole continues its steady recovery from the oil price crash and we saw increased customer investment in Q3, particularly in North America. Now, let me move to the innovation coming from our business units. We recently released ANSYS 18.2, which continue to improve our solutions for autonomous vehicles, additive manufacturing, electric machines, and smart connected products. Also in Q3, we gave users a technology preview of an exciting new product called ANSYS Discovery Live. At Investor Day, you heard about this new breakthrough technology, which revolutionizes the speed and ease of use of engineering simulation, to make digital exploration available to all engineers. The Discovery Live announcement was the largest event in ANSYS' history and the technology preview had more than 10,000 downloads in the first month alone. User feedback from the technology preview is being incorporated into the commercial product, which we're expecting to offer next year. Also in Q3, in an industry-first, ANSYS and industry giant TSMC published a Joint Automotive Reliability Guide that provides an exclusive ANSYS Multiphysics simulation methodology to address the market needs for high-reliability semiconductors and electronic systems for automotive applications. TSMC also recognized ANSYS as a Partner of the Year. As we look beyond Q3, it is important to note that Maria, Rick Mahoney, our Head of Sales, and I have been working closely together in our respective roles for only just over 10 months. As we refine our operational cadence, I believe we can tighten up the variance between our guidance and our actual performance. We have good visibility into our expected performance in Q4. Our pipeline has strengthened considerably and a couple of large deals are already in. As such, we are raising our Q4 guidance by $6 million at the midpoint. Because of our increased confidence in Q4 and the over-performance in the third quarter, we are raising our 2017 guidance by $20 million at the midpoint. Please note that currency is not a factor in our Q4 and 2017 raise, since the dollar has strengthened slightly against the yen since our last guidance. Now, before I hand over to Maria, I'd like to reflect for a moment on our long-term prospects. As you recall, at Investor Day, we told you that we plan to achieve sustainable double-digit revenue growth by 2020. We ended 2016 at just under 5% revenue growth. With our strong performance thus far in 2017 and our expected results for Q4, we're on track this year to approximately double last year's growth rate. Our fiscal year guidance implies revenue growth of 9% to 10%. This is exciting news, indeed, and it's validation of what we told you at Investor Day that the strength of our core business can get us to double-digit growth. It is also a testament to the commitment of our employees to our mission and to our internal focus on execution. However, I believe that we still have work ahead of us before we can achieve our target of sustainable double-digit growth. Let me explain, first and obviously, with improved performance, year-over-year growth comparisons become more challenging. This is the case with Q4 2017, which suffers because of the year-over-year comparison with a strong Q4 in 2016. As an aside, by the way, our Q4 2017 comparison additionally suffers because of the disproportionately high perpetual license content of Q4 2016, it is a strong comparable for perpetual licenses that is primarily affecting growth in Q4 2017. Second and most importantly, as we discussed at Investor Day, we must make some key investments in product and engineering, go-to-market and infrastructure. The results of these investments will take time to come to fruition. And when they do, we will have both strengthened the core of our business and expanded the core of our business into key adjacencies. We will have put in place a well-architected multi-channel go-to-market motion that will allow us to efficiently sell to and support customers of all sizes across the world, and we will have created an infrastructure – a strong infrastructure that effectively supports the growth we have ahead. In short, these investments are needed to allow us to deliver predictable, superior performance on a sustained basis. While we do have a lot of work ahead of us, I am more confident than ever in ANSYS' long-term prospects. I believe that we have the best products and the best people in the industry, and I know that we can solve some of the most challenging problems faced by our customer. The future looks bright for ANSYS. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financial results in a little bit more detail. Maria?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. Ajei shared a few of our financial results, but let me take a few minutes to add some additional perspective on our Q3 2017 operational performance, financial metric highlights and also to comment on our outlook for Q4 and fiscal year 2017. Also, just to note, I will be commenting in terms of non-GAAP unless I state otherwise. The results of Q3 reflect strong execution across most aspects of our business. This enabled us to deliver record Q3 results with both revenue and earnings, well above the upper end of our guidance. Key financial highlights begin with total third quarter revenue of $276.8 million a year-over-year growth of 12%. The over-performance on the top line was driven by a number of factors, including a higher-than-expected perpetual mix as we closed out the quarter. The strength in North America, China, Taiwan and the indirect channel also contributed to the strong revenue performance. The Q3 results include a positive currency impact of $1.2 million. Recurring revenue for the quarter totaled $207.4 million or 75% of total revenue, and grew 11% over last year's third quarter. The company's ability to maintain its solid base of recurring revenue has been one of the hallmarks of our business model for decades. Sales bookings growth significantly outpaced revenue growth in Q3. This was driven by a combination of the 25 seven-figure deals, which were closed in the quarter, including three customers with orders in excess of $5 million, two of which were in excess of $10 million; and as Ajei mentioned earlier, one of which was the largest deal in the company's history, a three-year lease deal, totaling over $45 million. We also reported increases in software license sales and solid maintenance renewals, both of which have contributed to deferred revenue and backlog of $669.3 million, representing a new record high, and 38% growth as compared to Q3 of 2016. This positions us well for the remainder of 2017 and as we continue to work through our plans for 2018. In Q3, we achieved a gross margin of 90.7% and an operating margin of 48.7%. These were both slightly ahead of the margin guidance that we had provided for Q3 and largely driven by the revenue over-performance in the quarter. We reported EPS of $1.05 for the quarter, representing 11% growth over last year's third quarter earnings. Q3's GAAP earnings included approximately $500,000 related to our previously announced workforce realignment. In line with what we had previously communicated, as of the end of the third quarter, the company has completed the realignment initiative that we began late last year, and we do not anticipate any further charges related to this activity. Our operating cash flow for the quarter and the first nine months of 2017 totaled $89 million and $327 million, respectively. And we ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $926.6 million. Now, let me turn to our current outlook for Q4 and fiscal year 2017. We have increased our outlook for Q4 with non-GAAP revenue in the range of $284 million to $293 million, and our non-GAAP EPS guidance is in the range of $0.99 to $1.05. With respect to 2017, we're increasing our outlook to factor in both our Q3 over-performance and an increase in our Q4 guidance. This translates to non-GAAP revenue in the range of approximately $1.079 billion to $1.088 billion, and non-GAAP EPS of $3.93 to $3.99. We are targeting a non-GAAP gross profit margin of approximately 90% for the quarter and the year, and non-GAAP operating margins of 44% to 45% for Q4, and 46.5% to 47% for 2017, in line with what we have been communicating for our annual targets throughout the year. I will also highlight that the fourth quarter margin targets include increased sales commission expense, the impact of a full quarter of the additional 100 employees that we hired in Q3, as well as our plans around hiring to better position us for a fast start as we head into 2018. Further details around specific currency rates and other assumptions that we have factored into our outlook for Q4 and fiscal year 2017 are contained in the prepared remarks document. I would just like to remind everyone, as I communicated at our recent September Investor Day, we will be providing our outlook for 2018 in February, when we announce our Q4 and 2017 results , and after we finalize our 2018 planning process, which is currently underway. In summary, in Q3, we delivered another very solid quarter with strength across all of the key financial metrics that we track and measure; top-line growth, operating margins, earnings, operating cash flows, bookings and deferred revenue and backlog. This strong performance allows us to not only increase our outlook for 2017, but it also gives us confidence that our continued focus on execution and investing for the future with financial discipline, combined with the strength of our portfolio and sales pipeline provides us a strong foundation to deliver on our near term and recently announced 2020 financial targets. And with that, operator, we will now open the phone lines to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin our question-and-answer session. The first question will come from Ken Wong with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Hoi Fung Wong - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, great. Thanks a lot, guys. Ajei, I wanted to maybe ask a little bit about the $45 million deal there. Could you, perhaps, give us some color in terms of what were some of the expansion components that were able to push that deal into record high territory?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. So, firstly, the deal was with a customer who is a longtime ANSYS customer and this reflected their success so far with the ANSYS portfolio and a broad expansion of the opportunity that they are driving across all of the physics. So, it represented essentially an expansion across all of our physics and a significant broadening of their usage of our capabilities.
Kenneth Hoi Fung Wong - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I guess one sense I'm trying to get is how much of that was, were you able to kind of push down into – when I think about the strategy of Pervasive Simulation, were you able to kind of push down to their designers, were you able to move into some of the operational applications that you guys have talked about in terms of IoT? I just wanted to get a sense for kind of how that customer may be using you guys differently than what they have in the past?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. So, firstly, it is, as I said, Multiphysics. And secondly, you're absolutely right, they are broadening the usage up earlier in the design process as we discussed. So, it's moving earlier in the design process. The details of exactly what they're doing, they are somewhat coy about us actually sharing that in public. So, I have to be a little bit careful about. I can't mention who they are and I can't mention exactly the applications.
Operator: The next question will come from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. So, first off, I was wondering could you talk about how we should think about head count growth going forward. I know it's typically been flat and the additional heads this quarter came from acquisition, but some color around that would be helpful.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. Ken, I'll take that. So, while we had some additional heads from the CEI acquisition, we also added, net, almost 100 people that we hired in Q3, for which we will have the full impact of that burn rate in Q4. And we are continuing to aggressively hire in all areas across the company, in line with what we communicated at Investor Day, relative to the changes that we're making in the go-to-market, the focus on not only the core technology, but some of the adjacencies that Ajei mentioned in his prepared remarks, and also in the areas of infrastructure, and particularly in the go-to-markets, as we talked about at Investor Day, also increasing our investment and focus on expanding the channel as we did initially in Asia-Pac to other parts of the globe, particularly Europe is where our focus is now as we exit 2017 and enter 2018.
Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI: Great. And I guess, following the large deal that we saw this quarter and your continued traction not only with the mega-sized deals, but with large deals in general, could you frame the magnitude of the potential impact of these deals on your long-term growth assumptions? And how we should think about those impacting that double-digit growth?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Absolutely. We definitely see the opportunity to continue, as we've seen over the past five years, for these enterprise deals to play a larger role. And as we think about those targets and that sustainable double-digit growth that we are looking at for 2020, these continued expansion in our largest customers across Multiphysics and to align with all of this – the, I'll call it, new problem challenges that they have from electrification, to IoT, to autonomous, all of these trends are significant opportunities for us to drive deeper penetration within these important customers. And the beauty of these customers is many of them have been ANSYS customers for literally decades. So, we have a strong foundation and partnership that's been built that will allow us to leverage that strong foundation and trust that we've built with these customers.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: And as Rick mentioned at Investor Day, we're making investments in these relationships with our large customers. What they value is the technical relationship that we have with them. We're certainly investing in that, in those relationships. They also value the nature and the completeness of our offerings. And so, as we go to market with these customers, we have a new organizational approach, Rick mentioned that in Investor Day, and that allows us to bring the right and relevant experts to be able to have these conversations in depth with our customers. And certainly, when you see the expansion capabilities within our portfolio, no one's going to show up on day one and never having been a customer with ANSYS and sign a multi – double-digit-million-dollar deal. That typically isn't going to happen. What instead will happen is the customer will come on board. They'll have some success with some set of technologies and some capabilities, we'll prove ourselves out in a project and that activity has been going on, frankly, for years with some of these customers. Now as they're seeing these additional pressures where businesses are now having to respond to digital technologies, electrification, areas, for example, they may not necessarily have been historically participating in, they're now recognizing that they have to take this broader multi-physics approach to being able to address their product lifecycle. And as I said earlier, it isn't just about sign off. It's about the entire lifecycle of the product. And so, we're able to have and engage in these conversations and then work with customers on a long-term map that allows them to be successful. Because ultimately, as I said, what we're doing is driving and helping them compete from a top-line growth perspective and helping them be competitive in a very challenging marketplace. And so, that translates into, obviously, larger deals and deeper relationships.
Operator: The next question will be from Rob Oliver with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey. Good morning. This is Matt Lemenager on for Rob this morning. Question around, were there any deals that were perhaps pulled or perhaps landed in Q3 that you had previously thought might land in Q4 and this drove some of extra upside in Q3. I guess what I'm wondering is, do the strong bookings in Q3 have any implications to Q4 pipeline or bookings, just given how strong the third quarter was?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. So, what I'll say is, the reality is given the number of transactions that we process in any quarter, there are deals that move from quarter to quarter. The good news is that we have really focused in the past year on improving our visibility and our forecasting and understanding the mix as we make our way through the quarter. So, I wouldn't say that there was a huge trend of things coming in early. And what I will say is, no doubt, the strength of the deferred revenue and backlog balance headed into Q4 definitely gives us confidence and improved visibility around the business. And we're also expecting that Q4 bookings growth will also probably not be quite as robust as Q3, but given the number of salespeople that we see in the opportunity to close out with a very strong year, that's why we built in the increased anticipation of higher sales commissions for Q4 because we are expecting to have a strong close, perhaps, not quite as strong on the bookings side as we did in Q3.
Matt S. Lemenager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great, and that's very helpful. And Maria, is there any update to the full year cash flow guidance?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yes. We've updated our full year cash flow guidance now to $400 million to $425 million, mostly in line with the strength of bookings that we saw in Q3.
Operator: The next question will be from Anil Doradla with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yes. Congrats from my end, too. Couple of questions. So, Ajei, when I look at the results, and maybe it's a little tough to answer this, but I'll try, can you decouple your execution versus, perhaps, some more benign demand environment? Clearly, the tech space is seeing some very positive trends from a demand point of view. But on top of that, you guys are executing. So, can you help us understand how you could kind of separate the two?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: I mean, it's very hard to say quantitatively this percent is because of this and this percent is because of that. At the end of the day, Anil, when I look at the market, there clearly is demand for our offerings and it starts from there. If we didn't have – if what we were building and what we were offering to customers was not valuable, then we wouldn't really be able to sell anything. Obviously, what we do and bring to market is incredibly valuable. They need it. We happen to be well-positioned in this time of change with the digitization of the industry and we're well-positioned with the ideal portfolio. We have a singular focus on simulation. We're not being distracted by chasing after a number of different elements. We're not selling a basket of goods across wide variety of areas. We're incredibly focused on simulation. And I think all of that translates into a comfort and value to our customers. They see the value of what we provide and they're able to get benefit from what we do. In addition, of course, we have improved our execution. We have improved our capability to reach and support our customers. And I think that also has a huge impact. So, it all works together synergistically. I couldn't tell you specifically what percentage comes from what. But I feel like we're in a great position, both from a market perspective as well as from an execution perspective.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: And as a follow-up. Maria, you talked about providing 2018 guidance in February when you guys come back. But given our recent Analyst Day, given some of the targets that you've laid out over the next couple of years on margins, there is a potential that you guys may blow out of those targets in the near term in terms of growth and everything. So, the question I have is, is there a potential for you guys to come back and revisit your margin targets, which you guys gave out, two- to three-year targets, based on what the near-term trends are playing out?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Anil, what I would say is, right now, we are still very comfortable with the 2020 targets that we've laid out. We're finalizing our 2018 plan and we will have all the details around that and the metrics that are going to be the key metrics that we will measure and communicate as we exit 2017 and head into 2018. But nothing has changed relative to our targets, our outlook and the things that we're working towards since we communicated at Investor Day.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham. Please go ahead.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. Appreciate the comments on Discovery Live. I was wondering if you could give any more color in terms of the potential timing of when that would be in sort of production release and a little more color on the feedback you've seen so far that might give you the confidence that this is the product that really sort of gives you that democratization that you've been looking for, for I guess a number of years in the company's history? Thanks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So, as I've mentioned in the call, I mean Discovery Live is currently available as a free technology preview. And during this technology preview, anyone can download and use the software for free. And as I also mentioned in the call, we've had multiple people who've downloaded it. I think we have 10,000 downloads in the first month alone. As you can imagine, many of the people who have downloaded the software are very avid users. They're giving us a lot of feedback and we're working through our plans right now as to when we would release the commercial version and exactly what that would look like. So, that's software is (38:08) currently being made. We will, of course, have a product in 2018, but we're working our way through that through the planning right now.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Got it. And just a quick follow up. Maria, can you say that computational engineering had any material revenue in 3Q or 4Q guidance?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: It was about $1 million, so nothing material.
Operator: Our next question will be from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Ajei, I'd like to refer back to a couple of things you talked about at the Analyst Meeting, as you did in your prepared remarks, specifically, the following. You mentioned at the meeting that you do a couple of things with regard to R&D; refocus on the core, spend 80% of R&D on the core, R&D have been spread too thin and so forth. Can you give us an update on the progress you've made there or how you think about that in terms of getting to those objectives in 2018? And then relatedly, Rick, in particular, talked about your investments in AEs as part of your account relationships. And the question there is, when we go through the financial details on your newly public competitor, Altair, they showed that they have over five AEs per sales rep in their head count breakdown, which seems a fairly high ratio in the industry. And I'm wondering, as part of your thinking of investing into AEs, as per Rick's plan, is that a ratio that you contemplate for yourselves or how are you thinking about those kinds of investments, and a follow up? Thanks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Sure. So just, firstly, with respect to the investments in R&D, I think the discussion that we had a little over a month ago remains in place. So, we talked about the 80/20. That's exactly what we have in mind. So nothing has really deviated from the conversation we had at Investor Day with respect to priorities in the R&D organization. And obviously, we're going through the final planning for next year to take that and to put it into the actual operating plan for next year. With respect to your question about AEs, Rick mentioned that we are definitely going to be continuing to focus on these relationships that we have with our customers and we are certainly increasing our number of AEs that's been part of our Q3, Q4 hiring that we talked about. But we certainly do not see a 5-to-1 ratio, as you articulated, in our future. We don't think it's necessary. We think that we have fantastic products and our customer is able to take advantage of our technology. And obviously, we've built a deep relationship with them, but we don't need a 5-to-1 ratio of technical salespeople to our salespeople.
Operator: The next question will come from Monika Garg with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First of all, I understand you'll provide 2018 guidance on the next call. But just wanted to understand is, coming back to your comments in the beginning, Ajei, you provided, what are the reasons to think 2018 growth could it be lower than 2017? And if you just can, a little bit talk about that.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. Monika, I'll just say, we're in the midst of finalizing 2018 plans. So, I would rather save that commentary for February when we've completed that activity and we've got the best visibility to provide numbers that we have confidence in.
Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: What I'm trying to understand is, is there any reason to think that growth could be lower than 2017?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: I would suggest at this time you shouldn't think that, but the reality is we need to finish out 2017 before I can opine on that with confidence.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Ross MacMillan with RBC. Please go ahead.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you very much, and congratulations from me as well. I just had a couple of questions on the large deal, the $45 million deal, two specifically. Did that renew in line with the scheduled renewal date? And was the three-year term of that deal consistent with the prior term? And then I had one follow-up.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah, Ross, that particular customer has asked us to not get into specifics of that deal outside of what we've already talked about in the prepared remarks document and in the script. So out of professional courtesy at their request, we're not going to give further details around that.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Maybe as a follow-up, though, historically, your traditional lease terms for your electromagnetic and semi-related products have been longer than, I think, the other products in your portfolio. And I'm just trying to get a sense for whether, in general, you're seeing elongation of term deal contract length as you get deeper into customers. In other words, is the TCV going up because of extended duration of terms as well as – and your contract value going up because of broader usage, broader consumption, more users, et cetera? Just trying to understand that dynamic.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yes, I would say, Ross, as we get into, I will call, the second and third cycles of the expansion of our relationships with these customers, we are definitely seeing both, because they've now proven and have been able to measure the success and the value that they've derived from the first and second deals. And so, now, their confidence level rises. So, they are expanding across the portfolio and across their enterprise. So, we're seeing both, a willingness on the customers' part to do a longer deal as well as to expand the size of that deal. One other indicator that I'll point you to is, if you take a look at the long-term deferred revenue, it is up from 2016 to 2017. It was $75 million in 2016 and now it's up to $196 million in 2017. So, that's an indicator of the trends that we're seeing, to your point. The one other last thing, I'll say, Ross is, I believe, on your previous question you asked on that $45 million deal, I will tell you that the revenue impact for Q3 was about $1 million.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. If I could start, let me start with Europe. So, Ajei, maybe just a little bit more color, remind us again or tell us what's new here in terms of Europe. Why is the execution so much different than the other regions? The contrast in the outperformance is pretty stark. I understand it's more Germany. What needs to happen in Europe or what's underway that's going to change this?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Sure. So – and I think I've alluded this in prior calls, but let me summarize, if you don't mind, just quickly, and this might be material that we discussed earlier. As you recall, I've been with the company for about a year now. And one of the early things that I did in the Q4 period of last year, when we did not have a head of sales, was for me to personally get involved and to spend time with the sales leaders of the individual regions. And one of the – looking at Europe in particular, I felt it was necessary at that point to make some changes, and we did. We now have – within our European organization, we have a new leader of sales for Europe, who has been in place since almost a year now, a little bit less than a year. And he was certainly – he has been working with Rick Mahoney, who is now our new Head of Sales. The two of them came up with a view of how to think about the European structure. So rather than the previous structure that we have, we rationalized the structure. We went to the UK, France, the German-speaking countries, Germany, Austria and Switzerland – DACH. And then we have a Northeast region and we have a Southwest region. So, we went to five regions in Europe that normalized the way in which we were doing it. We drove alignment across the organization between marketing and sales and so forth, which was previously misaligned across regions. We made some changes at country management level as well. And in addition, we supported our European team by placing a couple of worldwide positions within Europe. So not only now is the head of Europe based out of our Munich offices, but we also have our worldwide head of major accounts or enterprise accounts, who is a new hire to our company. He is also based in Germany and brings his network of individuals. He's a German national, brings his network of individuals as well to the table in some of the largest companies around the world and certainly in Germany as well. And these are just sort of some examples of the changes of personnel. The culture, I think, is really focused on winning. There is a clear change in the tone on the ground within the organization. There is also an investment in the channels. And as you'll see, in some of the areas, for example, in Germany, we have a very strong performing channel relationships. But in other geos, we don't necessarily have that level of channel relationships. We're making investments in the channels accordingly so that we can replicate the success of the German channels elsewhere. The focus I mentioned on organizational structure that I talked about earlier on large accounts is translating into a major focus on major accounts. And the early evidence is here. We have seven customers with orders of over $1 million in Q3, which was in our prepared remarks. And so, you can see – I mean I can go to chapter versed on each one of these things, but we have a lot of eyes on this. This was the subject of a fair amount of discussion during the recent review I had with the sales organization. We feel very confident at this point that the team has a good handle on it. And as I said in my comments, we're expecting to see improvement in 2018 and beyond.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great. Okay. Thanks for that, Ajei. I'll move to my second question then. It's almost habitual on earnings calls these days that vendors will say something about cloud. I can't count the number of times I hear that on earnings calls. But you guys are unusual in that, you don't talk that much about, at least on earnings call. Is that because simulation is still largely a desktop activity or is it because you still have work that you need to do in this area before you surface what's going on? Maybe just give us an update on cloud and how important is it really?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Sure. And if you remember, at Investor Day, we had a commentary from CIMdata, and they also talked about a cloud adoption by customers of simulation. And what we're seeing is that, that cloud adoption for simulation, essentially, it lags other areas in the market. So, this is just the reality of what we're seeing. Customers are perfectly willing to take advantage of their private clouds, HPC environment. That's something they've done for a long time. But broad-based public cloud adoption for simulation lags other application areas. And it's in part due to the complexity of the problems, maybe it's concerns about security, it's workflow, there's a number of reasons why, but that's the fact. Now, we however do have offerings that we can offer to our customers. I mean, we have, as you know, with our Open Cloud Strategy, we have a network of over 10 partners, 11 partners around the world who can help our customers get to the cloud, take advantage of cloud resources. And that can be both for short-term-burst capacity or it could even be for longer-term situations. We don't force our customers to just run their compute on prem. They can certainly and are perfectly capable of running the same technology and the licenses in the public cloud and some choose to do that. And for customers who need burst capacity, we've got an Elastic Licensing capability for customers who are looking for just a few more licenses and few more capabilities to take advantage of whatever project or to get ahead of whatever project they may have in front of them. So, it's really a combination of, yes, we're capable, but the industry for simulation and the usage isn't quite there. Obviously, this is a long-term trend. We certainly see that the industry will continue to embrace and take advantage of cloud and will continue to be a bigger and bigger factor, but it's not yet that big transformative activity that you're seeing in some of these other application areas that you've talked about.
Operator: The next question will be from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Hi, guys. I want to tie together, in some of the prepared remarks, looking at the large deal activity in the U.S., can you give us a sense how much commonality in terms of industry or the lead product, meaning the thing that they're trying to solve, you saw in those large deals?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. In terms of industry, I mentioned the industries already – it's pretty much in line with the ones that I mentioned. It's aerospace and defense, automotive, industrial and certainly electronics. So, those represent some of the industries. In terms of the lead product, in some cases, obviously, it's the electronics portfolio. But in other cases, it's really a discussion about Multiphysics. And while the customer may start with one particular area, they may be a long time structures customer, a long time fluids customer. They can certainly move into a different area and it goes to Multiphysics. We're also seeing with – by the way, with the electronification, we're seeing an increased demand for our SCADE offerings and our functional safety offerings. And so, as people are looking at smarter products, they're trying to do safety analysis. That's where some of our work in our embedded software capable organization comes to play. So, that's driving both a new business and it's also a growth vector within existing customers. So, it's really these megatrends, I think, that are driving things forward in automotive, obviously autonomous vehicles is pretty strong. The aerospace, I talked about a couple of trends. But once again, in the Space 2.0 companies, you'll see this, electric vehicle. So, these trends tend to pull a number of products. But it's important to realize that even when we go after – even when we talk about a particular industry like, for example, electronics, it isn't just about our products that address electronics, because when you think about electronics and you take the journey all the way from chip package board, it brings in a variety of offerings, the semiconductor offerings, it's electronics offering, signal integrity, but you're also dealing with structural integrity, thermal analysis, heat transfer, that all of these physics come into play. And so, it's a pretty robust conversation that we're able to have with our customers, primarily because we have representation and presence across the entire gamut of physics that they're interested in.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then the on follow-up, Maria. Looking at the jump in maintenance revenue quarter-over-quarter, it's much larger than what I would have expected given the paid up performance, even though that was strong. Was there something in particular, did you pass through a price increase on those renewals?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: No, Sterling. No price increase outside upside of the normal activity. We did have some customers that came back on to tucks (56:03). As you can imagine, in certain geographies, maintenance may not be part of their natural annual cadence, but when they want to get on to the current version, then they may have to pay for the lapse in maintenance. And we also – as I commented in my remarks, we also had a very strong renewal rate for maintenance in the quarter. So – but nothing outside of the usual relative to pricing.
Operator: The next question will be from Alex Frankiewicz with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Alexander Frankiewicz - Berenberg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I was just wondering, looking at the pipeline for the next couple of years, how many more mega deals are you seeing? Will they become more regular or is this just a one-off situation?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: As I said, we have a focus on increasing our relationships with customers. We see the opportunity for what we're doing out there in the industry being very strong. And so, suddenly, we see strong robust demand for our customers, where we're working with them on taking advantage of our solutions. So, absolutely, we're excited and looking forward to seeing deals in the future as well of size. If you look at the seven-figure deals, for example, as just one metric, we've been announcing the seven-figure deals since 2007. So with – we have 10 years of history. And what you can see is, we continue to increase the number of seven-figure deals as we have been going forward year-over-year. And so, we're very excited about our large deal pipeline and our capabilities to address those deals.
Alexander Frankiewicz - Berenberg: Okay. Thanks. And then one follow-up on Discovery Live. What type of pricing are you expecting for that product and what type of TAM expansion are you expecting, based on addressing designers rather than just engineers with your traditional simulation offering?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: We're still working through our pricing on that. But obviously, it's a product that's addressing a different market. And so, the price point is going to be significantly lower than the flagship price points, because it's a different kind of product, it provides different capabilities, and it gives people a different level of insight, it focuses on ease of use as opposed to the other features that you would expect from the flagship products. It provides real-time simulation. The flagships are significantly more accurate, of course, but they represent a different use case. So, we do see this as TAM expansion, because it's a different cadre of users, but we're working our way through trying to understand exactly what our penetration would look like within the user community that we're going after. And that's something we're actually working throughout, as we speak.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Karlsson with IBP (59:07). Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. It's Erik Karlsson of IBP (59:12). Thanks for taking my question. I would love to hear a little bit more about Europe where you talked about different alignments in different subparts of the region and you shaved (59:21) some country management, et cetera. We'd love to hear how you think it's looking now in terms of quality of the management teams and also how your sales force turnover is looking at the moment? That would be very helpful. Thank you.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, I think, firstly, I have to say that I'm pleased with the leadership team in Europe. I think that the team there has a good handle on what needs to be done and I think they're focused on the results that we want to drive. So, I'm excited about the management team. Obviously, if you looked at the performance in Europe, you saw that in France, for example, we've had a good performance for a few quarters. Obviously, we've had some short-term improvements in the near-term improvements that we've had in Q3 in the UK. But as I said in my remarks, it was off a relatively weak compare from last quarter. So, we are seeing early signs of improvement. Germany, as I said, we have some challenges with our direct sales revenue numbers, but we certainly have strength with our channel partners. And of course, revenue, in many cases, is a trailing indicator of what the activity is within the region. So, I'm pretty pleased with the management. I'm pleased with their focus on demonstrating success in Europe. And I'm looking forward to improvement, as I said, in 2018 and beyond.
Unknown Speaker: Maybe as a follow up there. When you talked about Europe at the Q1 and Q2, you said that it will take some time for this to improve and so on. Would you say that your view has changed either that it can take a bit longer time or happen a bit faster now?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: No. I think it's – we had to bring in people there, people had to come up to speed. So, I continue to be – stick by what I said earlier, which is 2018 was a year of transition for our European business with a lot of changes, and we see the improvements in – being demonstrated in 2018 and beyond, and that's when we're expecting to see the results.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ajei Gopal for any closing remarks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So, I'd like to close by expressing my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners. And to the ANSYS team, I am so proud of what we have achieved as one ANSYS. Thank you all for your efforts and thank you for another great quarter. Thank you all for joining the call today. I look forward to our next call.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Annette Arribas - Senior Director, Global Investor Relations Ajei Gopal - Chief Executive Officer Maria Shields - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets Anil Doradla - William Blair Rob Oliver - Robert W. Baird Sterling Auty - J. P. Morgan Steve Koenig - Wedbush Securities Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Mark Schappel - Benchmark Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to ANSYS' Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, Chief Executive Officer; Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer; and Annette Arribas, Senior Director, Global Investor Relations. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Arribas for some opening remarks.
Annette Arribas: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks documents have been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all of the key financial information and supporting data relative to our second quarter and the first half financial results and the business update as well as our Q3 and fiscal year 2017 outlook and the key underlying assumptions. I would like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available on our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance, as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. Statements made on today's call are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information, unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call, and in the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajei Gopal, for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, Annette, and good morning, everyone. I am delighted to join you today to discuss the results of Q2 and the first half of 2017 and to update you on our progress. As you saw in our earnings documents, Q2 was an excellent quarter that exceeded the guidance we provided in May. Our record deferred revenue and backlog of $656 million, which is a 25% year-over-year increase, and our 76% recurring revenue rate, coming from both leases and maintenance are leading indicators that our business is both strong and stable. I am particularly excited that we delivered double-digit revenue growth in constant currency in the first half of this year. Because of our over performance in the first and our increasing confidence in the second half of the year along with an adjustment for currency, we are raising the midpoint of our revenue guidance for 2017 by $19 million. I am proud of our progress and more confident than ever in both our opportunity and our ability to execute. I do want to caution you, however, that we still have a lot of work ahead of us, including a number of ongoing sales and go-to-market initiatives. Let me now spend a few minutes on our products. ANSYS 18.1, launched in May, advanced our vision of pervasive engineering simulation by introducing a number of enhancements, most notably pushing the envelope on performance and memory usage. Saudi Aramco and King Abdullah University of Science and Technology recently set a new supercomputing milestone by scaling ANSYS' Fluent solvers to nearly 200,000 computer cores, more than 5 times the record we set just three years ago. A simulation that once took weeks to perform can now be performed in a day, allowing organizations to reduce design development time and better predict equipment performance. Saudi Aramco will apply this technology to make more informed and timely decisions to help optimize oilfield operations. In June, at the Annual Design Automation Conference in Austin, several customers including Broadcom, Samsung, Hisilicon and Nvidia, shared their successes using our solutions to address power, reliability and thermal issues in their cutting-edge system on chip designs. We also released several new additions to our suite of semiconductor products to help customers improve performance and reliability, while reducing cost for chips design for the automotive, mobile and high performance computing markets. The new version of ANSYS Redhawk achieved this by allowing users to take advantage of Big Data analytics and machine learning to improve their designs. In addition, we delivered a 10x improvement in capacity and scalability over previous releases of Redhawk, by efficiently using cloud environment. As a result of our advancements, a major mobile processor company now has full chip visibility into power integrity with a 3D integrated circuit flow with high bandwidth memory, and that's a first for this global brand. Redhawk was also key in growing businesses at another Tier 1 customer, focused on high performance computing, driven by the current needs of 7 nanometers and their future needs at 5 nanometers. Our vision of pervasive engineering simulation continues to give us access to a large and growing market opportunity and drives the broad adoption of ANSYS solutions across multiple industries. Let me illustrate by highlighting some of our Q2 successes in 2 of our strong industries, communications and aerospace. The communications sector is seeing increasing demand for next generation high bandwidth low latency solutions. ViaSat is leveraging our industry leading workflow for chip package support system simulation into their design process. Their most recent success using our solution surrounds the launch of ViaSat-2, their second-generation satellite, which is expected to provide unprecedented bandwidth and deliver 7x more coverage as compared to their first-generation satellite. Based on this success, ViaSat signed a second multi-year agreement with ANSYS to help develop their new global constellation of ViaSat-3 class satellites. As, Huawei has an extensive portfolio of end-to-end solutions in telecommunications, enterprise networks, devices and cloud computing. In Q2, Huawei expanded its use of ANSYS solutions, bringing high accuracy analysis to its leading products. Huawei has now expanded the use of our technology to include signal integrity, power integrity and thermal analysis. Also in Q2, CommScope, a leader in network infrastructure, broadened their ANSYS adoption in a multiyear agreement to deliver high-accuracy simulations in support of their 5G initiatives. A major global electronics and telecommunications company increased its 25-year relationship with ANSYS with a new Q2 commitment, advancing their multiphysics adoption and displacing a competitor solution. Our pervasive simulation capabilities helped this customer achieve faster turnaround times, reduced development risk and gain early validation of product performance for 5G systems. ANSYS has historically been strong in the aerospace sector, and Q2 was no different. Meggitt PLC, a leader in engineering extreme environment components and smart sub-systems, has increased its adoption of ANSYS SCADE simulation for aerospace and defense safety critical applications. The global agreement will allow Meggitt to further accelerate time-to-market, reducing cost both in time and prevention of costly late stage design changes. SCADE enables customer to increase the efficiency and productivity of their current software development processes by leveraging simulation and certified cogeneration to reduce manual reviews and to help ensure accurate, safe and reliable embedded software that is DO-178C compliant for the aerospace industry and ISO 26262 compliant for the automotive industry. In a Q2 transaction, a large U.S. defense contractor has chosen SCADE as their solution to support high reliability for their next generation of flight controls. This longtime ANSYS customer extended their commitment to us by adding SCADE onto an established ANSYS platform. This is a common journey for our customers and highlights our large cross-sell opportunity. The strength of our product portfolio and our vision of pervasive engineering simulation is reflected in the traction we are getting with startups. We launched the ANSYS startup program last fall to put simulation into the hands of emerging companies. The program now boasts hundreds of startup companies from around the world, with 76 new logos added in Q2 alone. It is exciting that these next-generation companies are building their businesses in part on ANSYS technology. Let me now shift to the performance of our 3 major sales regions. In North America, revenue grew 13% in Q2, helped by strength in the aerospace and defense, high-tech and automotive industries. We're gaining traction in automotive, for example, as manufacturers adopt ANSYS' multiphysics solutions for the development of autonomous and energy efficient vehicles. Our lease revenue grew 20%, consistent with the trend we have highlighted in past calls of a continued shift in preference to lease licenses, particularly in our largest customers in North America. Our slowest growth region was again Europe, delivering constant currency revenue growth of 3% in Q2. We saw weakness in both Germany and the U.K. However, excluding those regions, for the remainder of Europe, we saw double-digit constant currency growth for the second quarter in a row. Our performance in Europe, while disappointing, was in line with our Q2 forecast. We know our challenges are in sales execution and our direct business, and as I have shared with you on previous calls, we have put a plan in place and are taking appropriate actions. Our actions have included putting in place a new head of sales for Europe, who's based out of Germany, and was previously our head of sales for Asia Pacific, where he led our successful go-to-market transformation and channel expansion. We have also hired a new global head of major accounts, also based in Germany, and reporting to Rick Mahoney. We also have new leadership for 3 of the 5 regions in Europe. Our rebuilding efforts should set the stage for improved performance in 2018 and beyond. Shifting to Asia-Pacific. The Q2 results reflect overall revenue growth of 8% that included a 14% and 9% growth in maintenance and lease revenue respectfully, all in constant currency. China and Taiwan continue to deliver strong revenue growth, both in excess of 20% in constant currency for the first half of the year. From an industry perspective, the regional performance was driven by sales into the electronics, aerospace and defense, automotive and industrial equipment sectors. The region also continues to benefit from investment in domestic development programs, particularly in China, India and South Korea. I'm also delighted to announce that we have hired a new head of sales for Asia Pacific, replacing our former leader, who, as I mentioned earlier, is now leading sales in Europe. Now, I would like to turn to M&A for a moment. You might have seen our acquisition -- our announcement a few weeks ago about our acquisition of Computer Engineering International, or CEI. A longtime ANSYS ecosystem partner, CEI augments ANSYS' solutions by helping users to quickly and easily visualize and analyze the immense data sets produced by complex simulations, so that they can rapidly get to the right engineering decisions. While the deal isn't material to our 2017 revenue, we're incredibly excited to add this very talented team and this great technology to ANSYS. Moving onto the ANSYS executive team. I am delighted that Janet Lee has joined us as our new General Counsel. Janet has decades of experience that will help ANSYS as we enter the next phase of our growth. She has held leadership positions at HERE Technologies, Nokia and AOL, and worked at law firms in the United States and abroad. In her short tenure here, Janet has already made a big impact, and we're really delighted to have her counsel. Finally, I'd like to share with you a different sort of customer win. Emirates Team New Zealand used ANSYS technology and a simulation-driven development approach to make engineering and design improvements to optimize their yacht's performance. The team's seven-one win in the America's Cup speaks for itself, and everyone at ANSYS was proud of our part in the victory. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financial results in a little bit more detail. Maria?
Maria Shields: Thank you, Ajei. For the next few minutes, I'll review our second quarter financial results and comment on our Q3 and updated fiscal year 2017 outlook. All of the financial figures that I will be mentioning will be in terms of non-GAAP, unless I state otherwise. We ended Q2 posting strong results across most aspects of our business. This enabled us to deliver record revenue in earnings, which exceeded the upper end of our guidance. Key highlights include total revenue of $264.3 million for the quarter, a year-over-year growth of 8% in constant currency. Our Q2 revenue results include a negative currency impact of $2.1 million. Our recurring revenue for the second quarter totaled $200.3 million, or 76% of revenue, and grew 11% in constant currency over last year's second quarter. The Company's consistent ability to offer our customers the choice of licensing that they desire, while also maintaining a solid base of recurring revenue, remains one of the hallmarks of our business model. During Q2, we closed 28 seven-figure deals, including four customers with orders in excess of 5 million and one customer with orders in excess of 10 million. For the first half of 2017, we had 67 customers with orders in excess of 1 million, including nine customers with orders over 5 million, and two customers with orders over 10 million. These orders, combined with our overall sales growth in recent quarters and continued strong renewal rates, contributed to a deferred revenue and backlog balance of $655.8 million. This is a record high and represents 25% growth as compared to Q2 of 2016. This positions us well for Q3 and the remainder of 2017. In Q2, we achieved a gross margin of 90% and an operating margin of 48.3%. These were both ahead of the margin guidance that we had provided on the last earnings call, largely due to a combination of hiring plans that did not close at the pace that we had assumed coming into the quarter, and the reversal of an R&D tax credit reserve in France of approximately $1 million as a result of the favorable conclusion of a tax audit. Including the second half impact of the addition of the recent CEI acquisition, combined with our internal hiring and investment plans, we are currently targeting full year 2017 operating margin in the range of 46% to 47%. We reported non-GAAP EPS of $0.99 for the second quarter. Our Q2 GAAP results included $2 million of charges related to our previously announced workforce realignment. And currently, we are expecting to incur additional charges of up to $2 million, or $1.3 million net of tax, primarily during the third quarter of 2017 as we complete the realignment initiative. Our operating cash flow for the second quarter continued to be very strong, and totaled $112 million, a 57% increase over last Q2. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $863 million, which was essentially flat with our closing balance in Q1. Keeping with our commitment to return capital to our stockholders, during Q2, we repurchased a total of 1 million shares. For the first half of 2017, we have completed repurchases of 2 million shares, and there are 3.5 million shares of capacity remaining in our authorized repurchase program. Now, let's turn to guidance for the third quarter and full year 2017. We've initiated our outlook for Q3, with non-GAAP revenue in the range of $258 million to $267 million, which represents constant currency revenue growth of approximately 7% at the midpoint, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.94 to $0.98. With respect to fiscal year 2017, we are again increasing our outlook to factor in our Q2 performance, movements in currency since we last provided guidance in May, the impact of the CEI acquisition for the second half of the year and our increasing confidence in the sales pipeline. This translates to non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1,053,000,000 to $1,073,000,000 and non-GAAP EPS of $3.77 to $3.89. We are targeting a non-GAAP gross profit margin of approximately 90% for the third quarter and full year, and non-GAAP operating margins of 47% to 48% for Q3 and 46% to 47% for fiscal year 2017. For the details around specific currency and tax rates and the other assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q3 and for 2017, are contained in the prepared remarks document. And finally, before closing, I would like to remind everyone that our Investor Day will be held on Thursday, September 14, at the Hyatt Regency at the Pittsburgh Airport. Details on the agenda, as well as the registration form, are available on the IR homepage of our website. And since space is limited, if you expect to attend in person, please register as soon as possible, and please plan to join us the evening before the reception with management. We will also hold a webcast for the event, accessible on our IR website for those who can't attend in person. So, operator, we can now open the phone lines to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Monika Garg of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg: You talked about strength in the semi industry. I have a question on the Redhawk too. Could you talk about how -- before you had talked about the consolidation of semi industry impacting its growth, maybe talk about how this business is growing. Any quantitative numbers could be helpful. Also, cadence tool Walter seems to be growing strong in power analysis also. Also talk about competition in the market.
Ajei Gopal: Sure. So what we are seeing for our tools in the space, I mean, we're seeing a demand as customers are going to a more and more advanced process nodes. We see the opportunity for simulation continue to grow. And so the cost of failure, if you consider something like 7-nanometers, the cost of failure is something like $270 million per design. And so customers are very keen to run more and more simulations, and we see that as an advantage to us because that's where we come in to provide the assurance around the capability to the design from a power and from a thermal perspective. So that's one aspect of it, is more simulation being driven as we go to advanced process nodes. The other thing, of course, is as we think about the nature of these solutions, many of our customers are not just focused on a single physics, they're focused on multiphysics, so they're trying to run co-simulations in the chip and package to deal with things like power and thermal effects. And that's, again, an area where we shine, because we're able to bring in a number of technology from across our portfolio to be able to help our customers achieve this. And I think the other area that where we are excited is, of course, we made a lot of investments in the Big Data and the analytics piece of our portfolio. And in the DAC conference, as I announced, we brought together -- we brought into our Redhawk solution, we've brought together some pretty compelling Big Data and analytics capabilities as we continue to transform that -- continue to evolve that product and as we continue address the needs of the customers at the higher end, and at these advanced process nodes. As far as the competitive dynamic is concerned, I think that our customers really value what we are trying to accomplish in terms of accuracy and speed of simulation. And we feel very confident in our product roadmap and our capabilities to manage the competitive landscape.
Monika Garg: And then, Maria, a question on the cash flow of -- is your cash flow guidance unchanged? And good strong cash flow in first half, are you raising or why not raise the guidance?
Maria Shields: Yes. So Monika, we are taking up our guidance for full year cash flow to now $385 million to $410 million.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: For the trailing 12 months, your bookings were up about 16%, and that's the third trailing 12-month period in which you've had a double digit bookings growth. Would you expect to be able to sustain that for 2017? And perhaps beyond in terms of showing that kind of double digit growth for bookings on a DTM basis? And with respect to the end market composition of bookings, I'm -- totally understand, of course, the variability from quarter-to-quarter by end market, but when we back into an approximation of your bookings by end market, on a quarterly basis, from the data that you gave, it does look as though you had, and perhaps you can correct this if it's wrong, a fairly material sequential decline in automotive from Q1 after having several quarters in a row of pretty good quarterly demand in automotive. On the other hand, you had very strong results again in electronics and semi. So maybe you could just talk about some of the quarter-to-quarter dynamics by end market? And then how that comprises your thinking for 2017?
Maria Shields: Yes, so Jay, let me start. We don't comment on bookings guidance, but a couple of things around bookings that I think are important to consider. If you take a look at just the quarter, it would appear on the surface that bookings growth has declined. However, if you just take a look at the fact that some of these larger deals and the timing of when they close can have extreme volatility on the bookings results. So last year in Q2, we had 2 $10 million deals, this year we had 1. And just that shift impacts the bookings growth by 6.5% for the quarter. We have closed the first half with 9% bookings growth. And we closed everything that was in the pipeline and scheduled to close that we had planned. But as you commented, there are some deals that are particularly slated for the second half, a number of which are in the industries that you commented on relative to Q2, that are scheduled to close in the second half that are currently part of our guidance. And as you know, I always suggested that trailing 12 months performance within the industries is probably more indicative of the performance than looking at any quarter. Because when these deals, these larger deals close, can definitely skew the results in any one of the industry subsets.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. My technology follow-up for Ajei is that we saw it back, as you pointed out, the updating of Redhawk and your other EDA tools based on your new SeaScape architecture. And that has given you some good capacity increases there, but the question is, when do you think you'll follow through in your commitment of bringing your other non-EDA physics and solvers to that architecture to get similar kinds of capacity and analytics performance in the other solvers?
Ajei Gopal: Right. So as I mentioned earlier, we have a number of customers, obviously, who are looking to figure out the impact of the multiphysics impacts on their designs, and that goes across things like power, timing thermal, mechanical, electromagnetics, so that they can essentially avoid overdesign, on the one hand, or they can avoid the risk of complex and costly design failures. And so they're relying on simulation across all of these, in this multiphysics environment. And our semiconductor products now have integrated workflow with our electronics and our mechanical products. And so that allows customers to take advantage of this integrated direction that we are driving. And of course, as we continue to make progress on the SeaScape platform, this workflow will continue to get augmented to reflect the integration of SeaScape into that workflow.
Operator: The next question will come from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI.
Ken Talanian: I was wondering if you could talk about the traction you saw from channel partners during the quarter? And where that is relative to where you'd like to be?
Maria Shields: Yes, so Ken, with respect to the quarter, the channel continues to perform on plan, and has really refocused as we've undertaken these past couple of years of refocusing on the channel. The channel itself has refocused on, not only the renewal portion of the business, but more importantly, driving new business, not only in existing accounts but in new logos. So we are very excited about the performance of the channel and the progress that we've made in that area. And we will continue in, particularly, in Europe as we look at some of our go-to-market initiatives. We anticipate that the gentleman who is now in charge of our European business will take a look at similar opportunities as he did in Asia Pacific to bolster our go-to-market by adding additional channel capacity. So we will continue in that area.
Ken Talanian: And just as a follow-up, I was curious have you seen any changes to your retention rates on the lease side?
Maria Shields: No. Our overall renewal rates on both leased and the maintenance business are in line with historical.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ross MacMillan: Ajei, maybe just for you first on Europe, given the very substantial changes you're making there, what's your expectation for the timing of when the new leader will -- Tom will have the -- will kind of get his arms this and start to see improved performance in core geographies? And just related to that, the new head of global major account, is that a brand-new position? Or is it a brand-new -- or is it a replacement, maybe with a geographical change?
Ajei Gopal: So let me address that and perhaps put the question a little bit in context. So we've had our new leader for Europe in placed now for a couple of quarters; he's had his opportunity to get his hands around the problems that we are dealing with in Europe. He -- and as I mentioned in my script, the growth that we've had outside of the UK and Germany was essentially double-digit constant currency for the rest of Europe. And so we don't have a universal problem across all of Europe, we have a more targeted problem in a couple of areas that we need to be very focused on. And clearly, the UK and Germany represent areas that we need to improve our performance. We've, as I mentioned, we've made all these personnel changes. But if I think about the UK as an example. In the past, we had perhaps over-rotated on to oil and gas and with the -- obviously, the multiyear impact on that business on that sector, we've had to re-pivot and move to some of the other areas where we've frankly been historically strong and our products really work well, but we hadn't necessarily been in the market in the UK in those sectors. And that's an area where we now have incremental focus, and we're trying to get that done. Your point about major accounts. If you think about Germany, where of course, there's a very strong automotive industry, many of those were within our major accounts team, and we already had a major accounts team that was in place. That was run out of Canonsburg. And what we've done now is the new leader for that major accounts team, which is a global role, it has worldwide responsibility across the U.S., Europe and Asia, that is now based out of our -- that individual is now based out of our offices in Germany and reports directly into Rick. So we are -- we have people in Europe who are not just regionally -- not only have regional sales responsibilities but also have global sales responsibility. So I think there is a number of elements. We are certainly thinking about the channel and the importance of the channel, as Maria mentioned. And as she said, the individual who's responsible for Europe is someone who’s had a success in our channel turnaround in Asia. And we are excited about his savviness about the channel and as well as his prior performance. So there's a number of things that we have underway. As you know, with any sales organization, it takes a couple of quarters. We've been in this transition now for a couple of quarters, and I'm expecting it certainly to kick in as we get into 2018 and beyond. That's when we start to see the results of what we're doing.
Ross MacMillan: And Maria, my follow up. Just maybe two. Just on the rates for the year, can you maybe parse out currency versus fundamentals? And then on R&D, it's moved a lot between Q1 and Q2, just the dollars. Was there something peculiar in terms of timing, if you could just drill down on that as well?
Maria Shields: Yes. So we're off on the currency, I would say in the range of $7 million to $10 million, and then, the remainder being the fundamentals of what we see in the business for the second half. With respect to your question on R&D, in Q1, there were significant charges relative to the realignment in R&D that didn't necessarily repeat in Q2. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks in Q2, the R&D line also benefited from an additional approximately $1 million of the reversal of reserve that we had established in connection with a challenge to some R&D credits in France. And our team was able to successfully complete the audit, and the French government allowed us to maintain those credits, so we reversed that reserve in the Q2 P&L through the R&D line.
Operator: The next question will be from Anil Doradla with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Anil Doradla: Good job on the reserves. So Ajei, the question that I had was around investments. Now since coming onboard, one of the initiatives that you've talked about is investing in the channel, investing in the sales force. You spoke a lot about that today. And you do expect to see some of the benefits. But from a spending point of view, what innings are you in right now? Both from an internal sales spend point of view and kind of the channels investment and spend point of view? Not necessarily through when you're going to start seeing the benefits, but really from a spend point of view.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. So we are, I would say, relatively early into this transformation that we've been talking about. I've been CEO now for two quarters, and obviously, I was here for Q4 of last year as well as President and COO. We have a upcoming planning process that the team is working through, which will ultimately lead to our budget for next year. And what we are in the process of doing right now is evaluating what the budget should look like for next year, and where we should be spending our resources. As you can imagine, we have a number of areas where we could obviously invest, and we have to prioritize, and that's the process that we'll be going through in the fall.
Anil Doradla: So Ajei, given that you are still in the early stages and it seems like there is some spend, when I look at the operating margins, I mean, look at the first half plus whatever you've given out on the September guidance, you folks are maintaining your 46% to 47% for the full year on operating margins. And just doing a little bit of a math. I mean, when we look at the December quarter, shall we be looking at kind of a step down? Or are the 46% to 47% that you've given right now is kind of conservative?
Maria Shields: So what I'd say is it's not conservative, because Q4, based on our current plans, will include higher commissions and will include some of the run rates from the additional hires that we've got in place. Not only that came in late in the second quarter, you heard some of them that Ajei highlighted in his remarks, but hires that we have planned for the second half of the year. What I'd say is -- when we announced the realignment initiative, the first thing that we did was look at where we were going to redeploy those dollars into incremental investment in the business. And that was the first stage before doing realignment plus incremental. So this year, we're working our way through the redeployment of those dollars, whether it's in new positions or whether it's in projects. And then I think, as Ajei mentioned, we'll be working through the operating plan. Because given the current environment for simulation, and given the conversations that we're having with our customers around the opportunities, there is tremendous areas for us to invest in to not only maintain our leadership, but more importantly, to set the stages for longer-term growth opportunities.
Operator: The next question will be from Rob Oliver with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Rob Oliver: Ajei, I know you gave some color on the call about some of the large deals. I was wondering if we could drill down a little bit more on that? And you could talk about the enterprise portfolio, sales efforts and some of Rick's effort to broaden out the use base of the software within large accounts. It sounds as if customers are increasingly willing obviously to take ratable here. Is that helping to increase the appetite? And what are you seeing in terms of more pervasive usage of the products, even maybe more downstream than you typically would have sold to in the past?
Ajei Gopal: So as Maria said, there is a huge appetite for our solutions out there. And in part, it's driven by, as I've said in the past, it's driven by the fact that many of our customers are going through this next phase of their design cycles to factor in these big changes in the way that they have to think about how their products are going to be operating. So we have -- we're having conversations, for example, around IoT. We're having conversations around autonomous. We're having conversations around additive. We're having conversations around multiphysics. And simulation plays a really completing role in all of these conversations, because in many ways, simulation helps our customers accelerate their innovation to market. And that's been a universal. Now for smaller companies, obviously, they have -- they're much more sensitive to budgets, but for larger companies and especially when you think about some of these broader, much more sophisticated initiatives, we are able to have this multiphysics conversation in a much more strategic manner with them, with these changes. I mentioned 5G as an example. If you take 5G, the complexity of building these next generation 5G solutions includes elements that have to do with incentive design, that have to interference. You're dealing with very high-bandwidth solutions, you have to be very focused on the interactions between different antennas and how you would be for example in a mobile device -- with a mobile device in the car, how we pick up these signals. All of these are incredibly complicated and that pushes towards more simulations. So we're seeing a lot of excitement on the part of the customers as we talk about our capabilities. And as we start to put in place the repeatable methodologies within these major accounts, that gives us an opportunity to be able to cross-sell across the portfolio. I mentioned one cross-sell example in my prepared remark or in my script. And in general, when the company is buying to the ANSYS' platform, it is easily -- it is much easier for us to be able to establish that cross-sell capability. So -- and oftentimes, we will enter a customer with maybe a long one physics or maybe a relatively smaller deal. And then we'll work away with multiple deals into a large deployment across multiple physics, that's pretty significant. And that's why, as I mentioned to you in the last call, what Rick and his team are building is not so much an episodic onetime ELA. What they're trying to do is to make sure that we can build an ongoing metaphorical platform, if you will, between the customers and ANSYS, so that we can understand that there's challenges, and we can help them use our technologies to address the challenges, which results in a sequence of activities and an ongoing ability on our part to be able to monetize that relationship. Now Rick will be able to talk more about his strategy around go-to-market, around major accounts, what we're doing on the territories, how we're working with the channel. He'll be able to go into much more detail during our Investor Day -- during his Investor Day presentation in September.
Robert Oliver: And just a very quick follow-up for Maria. On the hiring front, aside from the high-profile hires in motion of people around movement, was there anything particular this quarter that caused the hiring to be lag -- to lag or be deferred? And I think you mentioned that some of the hires have already been made for next quarter, or is that just merely timing?
Maria Shields: Yes. It's timing, and it's also, I would say, particularly, in the R&D area. The -- some of the skill sets that we're seeking are very unique. So it takes time to find qualified candidates, and to go through the interview process and to recruit them. As you can imagine, many of these people, particularly in certain geographies, who have jobs but are interested in joining, have longer-term commitments before they can leave their current employment. So we are not just looking to check the box and fill bodies, we're looking for people to join our team who will help us to continue to grow the business and who will be with us as many of our R&D folks are for literally decades.
Operator: Our next question will be from Sterling Auty with J. P. Morgan.
Sterling Auty: Maria, I want to follow-up on your comments to Jay, on the bookings front. Is it right to interpret what you're saying is you're expecting stronger bookings and bookings growth in the second half rather than just looking at the June quarter, where I think the reported bookings were, just, call it, roughly flat year-over-year?
Maria Shields: Yes. So Sterling, no doubt the second half, our plans in the sales pipeline do include a larger number of large deals. And so we are -- our current plan is that they will close, but we also understand we are given a range, because with large deals, timing can always be a challenge, particularly in Q4 as you get with competing holidays and other events. So that is, in fact, exactly what we're seeing in the second half is more bookings on the larger deals.
Sterling Auty: And then, Ajei, in terms of -- a lot of comments around semiconductors and their strength there. Is there a way to characterize or give us a sense of what the growth rates look like from the various segments? Meaning the semis area versus fluids, versus multiphysics or is it just not how you look at the business?
Ajei Gopal: No. We don't really break that out. We don't really break that out. But I think it's fair to say when you look at the -- when you look at a strategy, our strategy of course, is around multiphysics, and it's about being able to sell the whole portfolio. When you look at some of the initiatives that customers are driving, there is a lot of excitement, of course, about electronics and electronics within a product that previously didn't have smart controls, and that's something that we are actively involved with, and that's where some of our capabilities on antenna design, signal integrity and so forth come in. And then of course, when you start to think about chip package system, that's what brings together our semiconductor products and our electronics products as well as some of the mechanical and fluid products when you start to think about issues of thermal, et cetera. So there are a number of different multiphysics initiatives that we drive across the portfolio. Our strategy, as I've said before, is around pervasive engineering simulation. We believe that customers are looking for the best-in-class simulation technologies, because that's what allows them to build products with a high degree of confidence. They're not looking for a basket of goods, they're looking for best-in-class. That's what we focus on. And we are committed to a strategy of driving this multiphysics solution capability across, frankly, all of our physics embedded software. All of that as part of the strategy that we have on the table. So that's how we think about our business, and that's how we think about our success.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Steven Koenig: I wanted to ask about current bookings, which is something that ANSYS has trained us to look at here. And Maria, you already talked about bookings, maybe some of those comments apply here. In the quarter, current bookings look like grew maybe 2% to 3%. It sounds like large deal, comps, timing of renewals, you also mentioned execution in Europe, could you maybe parse out the importance of those factors? And related to the current bookings metric, if that's the best indicator of how the business is growing, how should we think about the growth trend for that metric and the opportunity to accelerate it?
Maria Shields: Yes. So you're correct relative to your calculation on growth rate for the quarter. I would say, the number one factor was, no doubt, the large deal. So as I mentioned, in response to an earlier question, Steve, if you just look at last year's Q2, we had two $10 million deals. This year, we had one. And those $10 million deals sometimes are multiyear deals. So they won't necessarily renew the following year. So just one deal of $10 million has an impact of 6.5% on the bookings growth just in the second quarter. So as we've tried to highlight, as these larger deals become more of our fabric, there is going to be volatility in bookings in quarter-to-quarter depending on the cycle of when these deals happen. It's a reality, but it's one that just demonstrates, what we've been saying is, our customers' appetite to increase the footprint of our technology and our solutions across their business to help them solve problems that they've never had to solve before. And we are uniquely positioned given our portfolio to help them. So the volatility is just something that is going to be part of the business and probably something that would lend itself to looking at annual metrics as opposed to quarterly metrics, because things can easily move from quarter-to-quarter as we've seen.
Steven Koenig: So Maria, the second part of that question, I want to get to that, which is that how should we think about the trend on that? Or maybe, Ajei, you want to speak to that, and the opportunity to accelerate your growth? And I did want to ask a follow-up to Ajei about maybe just getting an update on ANSYS' efforts with IoT and Digital Twin. A little more color there would be great.
Ajei Gopal: So let me just quickly take the question on IoT and Digital Twin. As I said to you before, we have a number of customers who are excited about IoT, Digital Twin. In May, we announced a partnership with PTC around their ThingWorx platform, and that's going to allow customers to essentially transform a raw data into actionable intelligence using the physics models that we're able to bring to market, so that was something that we were pretty excited about. And we obviously we see that the IoT conversation driving the discussion within our customers about connectivity. So that naturally moves then to what about wireless connectivity solutions and technologies, and that leads to a conversation, for example, about 5G antenna layout. Again, these are areas that we're very strong. So the IoT conversation really plays to our strength of multiphysics so that we can provide a real physics-based model in a Digital Twin that allows customers to do predictive maintenance. And that's a very important word for them, predictive maintenance and being proactive about that, because when you start to think about customers that for example may have thousands and thousands or tens of thousands, I mean, even hundreds of thousands of assets out there, the cost of maintenance is significant, and being able to do predictive maintenance is important. And so if you were to use something like simulation, Digital Twins, we think that in many cases, it could be a significant percentage of the failures that you see in operations could be avoided through the use of Digital Twin. So we're able to make this case with our customers. They see that, then they move to a conversation about wireless and it plays to our sweet spot. So that's, I think, an area where we see a lot of future opportunity for us as well.
Maria Shields: Yes. And Steve, relative to your question on trends and how to think about it. Here's the way that we view it. We had a strong, really strong Q4 last year. We had a strong Q1. Our first half bookings is 9%, and we've got large deals that are scheduled for the second half. So, overall, we feel that we're making very good progress in line with our plan, and we are extremely confident that the addition of the new global head of major accounts and some of the positions that he'll be adding to his team will even better position us as we head into 2018.
Operator: The next question will come from Gabriela Borges with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Gabriela Borges: Maybe just a follow up on the overall demand environment. Ajei, if you could comment if you're seeing any change in the macros that you run to -- in 2Q versus 1Q? And as we go into the second half, the commentary on the large deals potentially closing deals, just been pretty consistent over the last couple of quarters. Is the visibility into those large deals improving? And maybe we can compare how the visibility was this time last year going to what ultimately ended up being a very strong 4Q '16?
Ajei Gopal: It's hard for me to give you a year-over-year comparison about visibility, because I wasn't here at this time last year. And obviously, we have changes in leadership in place. So I think, giving you that subject of color is kind of hard to do on a year-over-year basis. Let me give you a couple of comments about some of the industries. Obviously, I don't think there's any fundamental change between last quarter and this quarter in terms of how the industries themselves are spending or the sectors themselves are spending. We don't see any fundamental profound change from quarter-to-quarter. They're obviously small variations here and there. As we've highlighted in the past, automotive continues to be pretty excited about the autonomous transformation that's taking place, and that's an area that we have good solutions, and that's an area that's driving our connection in our relationship with the automotive companies. So autonomous, ADAS, that continues to drive some of the conversations.  Chip package system on electronics, as I said, with the electronics essentially becoming ubiquitous, it's electronics is 35% of the billing materials of the car, today it's going to 50%. The discussions about chip package board system, those kind of conversations were able to effectively drive, and that's also driving some of our engagement in the electronics and the high-tech sector as well as, of course, things like telecommunications 5G, that I've highlighted a couple of times. So there's no fundamental and profound change, but there continues to be I think strong demand for the ANSYS portfolio across all dimensions. The one sector that we've highlighted again in the past is oil and gas, that's still historically off where it used to be, and years ago, but that -- it really hasn't changed quarter-over-quarter.
Gabriela Borges: That's helpful color. And as a follow-up, if I may. Last quarter we talked about the decision not to report ELA, sometimes they can be artificially restricting to focus on onetime large deals. As you went through 2Q, did you see any change in how the sales force interacted with customers? And in some of the large deals that were closed in 2Q versus 1Q because of the decision not to report ELAs?
Ajei Gopal: As we said, what we're trying to accomplish is to make sure we have an ongoing relationship between ANSYS and the customers around which we can build a metaphorical platform and I've used this word a couple of times around which we can monetize our solutions. That doesn't translate into a single deal, that translates into multiple transactions that might spread over multiple quarters. And that strategy is something that's very important for us. Customers oftentimes will come in with 1 physics, and then will start to put in a second physics. And as they broaden their ANSYS product platform, they will add more and more to that product platform. I gave an example of a longtime customer who was using pretty much most of the ANSYS portfolio in the platform, and -- but they were not using ANSYS SCADE, and we were able to have a conversation with them, and that became part of the relationship. So the focus has always been on expanding our footprint within the customers, and that's essentially where we are as a company. We see that as an opportunity to build on these multiyear relationships and to add more technology into those relationships.
Operator: The next question will come from Mark Schappel with Benchmark.
Mark Schappel: Ajei, just one question. It's on CEI. It appears that they built themselves a post-processing tool. And this is an area that ANSYS has always been relatively strong. And I was just wondering if you could just go into a little bit more detail what capabilities CEI is bring to ANSYS?
Ajei Gopal: Sure. CEI has been a long-time ANSYS ecosystem partner. We've had collaborations with them for many years. They certainly help on the post-processing as you rightly pointed out. They add in -- essentially, part of what they do is give you photorealistic images so it makes the post-processing much more -- it pops more, it's more -- it's easier for people to consume. They're able to pull together multiple streams of simulation data more quickly, and you can integrate multiple views that can show different variable graphics, et cetera, into a single window. So essentially, and obviously we were strong there but with the partnership here, we believe that we can significantly simplify and speed up the way in which our customers are dealing with the complex results that you get from simulation. And it helps them absorb those results more rapidly.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ajei Gopal for any closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you. And thank you for joining the call today. Look, I'm really much more excited than ever before about ANSYS and the opportunity ahead of us. And I hope you'll be able to join us on September 14 for Investor Day here in Pittsburgh. Thank you again and enjoy the rest of the day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Annette Arribas - IR Ajei Gopal - President & CEO Maria Shields - CFO
Analysts: Anil Doradla - William Blair Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Rich Valera - Needham & Co. Matt Lemenager - Robert W. Baird Mark Schappel - The Benchmark Co. Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets Steve Koenig - Wedbush Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Erik Karlsson - Bodenholm Capital AB
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, Chief Executive Officer; Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer, and Annette Arribas, Senior Director, Global Investor Relations. Please note, this call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Arribas for some opening remarks.
Annette Arribas: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks documents have been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all of the key financial information and supportive data relative to our first quarter financial results and the business update, as well as, our Q2 and fiscal year 2017 outlook and the key underlying assumptions. I'd like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available on our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance, as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information, unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures, are included in this morning's earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. I'd now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajei Gopal for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, Annette and good morning, everyone. I have been CEO of ANSYS for just over four months, and I’m delighted to join you today to discuss the results of Q1 2017, which is my first full quarter as CEO of this great company. These are exciting times at ANSYS. As you saw in our earnings document, we started 2017 with a record quarter that exceeded the guidance we provided in February. I’m especially pleased with our revenue growth of 13% in constant currency, and with our booking performance that resulted in record deferred revenue and backlog of $653 million, which is a leading indicator of the ongoing health of our business. We’re also off to a fast start in Q2 with continued momentum from the higher growth that we just experienced in Q1. Our excellent performance this quarter coming on the heels of a strong Q4 is a testament to outstanding teamwork to a strong focus on go-to-market and sales execution, and to our world-class solutions and to reflect our performance, we are raising our 2017 annual revenue guidance. Maria will go into more details in her section. The merger of the physical and digital world is creating an unprecedented disruption, resulting in a new generation of innovative and transformative products that are significantly more complicated to design and manufacture than anything on the market today. Simulation is the most important solution companies have to help them address product complexity and accelerate time to market. As I said in our last call, ANSYS 18, which we released in Q1, expands simulation from digital prototyping, upstream to design engineers, and downstream to the manufacturing, operations and maintenance of products. We call this pervasive engineering simulation, and we believe it will transform the industry. We are not alone in that belief. A record number of customers and prospects participated in our ANSYS 18 virtual product launch, and in follow-on webinars and in-person events. Our customers recognize and value the innovations we are bringing to market. Let me give you an example. As you know, additive manufacturing and 3D printing are transforming product development Topology optimization, one of the exciting new innovations in ANSYS 18, finds the optimal shape for a part based on loading and support criteria. The result is a lighter yet stronger part that saves the manufacturer money, and is perfectly suited for both traditional manufacturing, as well as the additive manufacturing process. In the two-plus months since it has been released, over 500 customers across the automotive, industrial and aerospace industries have taken advantage of ANSYS topology optimization. Customers are increasing their commitment to ANSYS. This is a testament to the strength of the ANSYS product portfolio and the strong technical relationships we have built with our customers. For example, in Q1, Eaton Corporation, a leader in power management and a customer for over 20 years, increased its adoption of ANSYS simulation solutions through a new agreement. The company now has access to the full suite of structures, fluids, electromagnetics, embedded software and system solutions, enabling it to standardize on ANSYS as a single-simulation platform, thereby accelerating innovation and reducing costs. This new agreement will also allow Eaton to move simulation upstream, to allow design engineers to use simulation early in the design phase, thereby preventing costly late-stage design changes, and to move simulation downstream to incorporate Internet of Things technology into product design and create digital twins for new products In Q4, Pratt & Whitney, also a customer for over 20 years, expanded its use of ANSYS technology through a new multi-year enterprise agreement that gives it access to a broad range of ANSYS products. Of special importance to this aerospace innovator was ANSYS’s ability to support collaboration across global engineering and product teams. In addition to increasing adoption, our vision for pervasive engineering simulation is also helping us drive competitive displacements. In Q1, a major automotive chip manufacturer expanded its use of our semiconductor products, effectively replacing the competition. Recognizing that safety-critical automotive applications require the sophisticated power and reliability analysis that only ANSYS can provide, the customer has adopted our solutions across all process nodes for its designs going forward. It’s not just long-established customers who are benefiting from pervasive engineering simulation. In our latest success in the space 2.0 revolution, a North American channel partner closed a seven-figure agreement in Q1 with a disruptive company in the commercial space sector. The company will use ANSYS technology to design its innovative new rockets, and expects to improve simulation time by 20%. Pervasive engineering simulation continues to help democratize our solutions, and expands the use of ANSYS technology from our traditional user base to design engineers and to smaller companies. Using ANSYS AIM, Jet Towers, a small and innovative manufacturer of telecommunications towers in Brazil, has developed a better understanding of the performance of its towers, and has reduced wind drag and removed unnecessary material from its products. By doing so, Jet Towers gained a five times delivery advantage over its competitors. Now, let me give you some color into the performance of our sales regions. North American revenue grew 17% in Q1, including over 20% growth in lease revenue. This is further evidence of the shift in preference for time-based licenses that we have highlighted in recent quarters. Electronics, aerospace and defense, and automotive were the strongest industries again this quarter. Driven by strong performance in China, Japan, India, Taiwan and South Korea, Q4 results in Asia-Pacific included 15% revenue growth and 21% increase in perpetual revenue, both in constant currency. We had double-digit growth from our indirect channels in the region, which was offset by slower growth in our direct business in South Korea. From an industry perspective, electronics was by far the strongest sector in Asia-Pacific, followed by industrial equipment and automotive. Our softest region was Europe, delivering constant-currency revenue growth of 5% in Q1. France led the region with 19% constant-currency growth for Q1, albeit off a weak compare. Our business in Germany reported mixed results with the channel delivering double-digit growth that was offset by the performance of our direct business. We also continue to experience challenges in the U.K. Our performance in Europe, while disappointing, is in line with the challenges that we highlighted in the last earnings call, and we are taking appropriate actions. With regard to industry performance in Europe in Q1, automotive, electronics, aerospace and energy all contributed relatively equally. I’d like to talk about a major and strategic account program for a moment. A few years ago, we started down a path of building deeper relationships with our largest customers, and I’m delighted with our ongoing success. We have reported our progress with major accounts using two metrics. First, the number of customers with orders in excess of $1 million in the quarter and in the year. And second, the number of enterprise agreements. We have continued to show strong progress in both metrics. In Q1, we had 31 customers with orders in excess of $1 million in the quarter, including five who spent over $5 million. This compares with 22 customers who spent over $1 million in Q1 last year, including one customer with orders of over $5 million. In Q1, we closed four enterprise agreements. This compares with one enterprise agreement in Q1 last year, and 18 for the fiscal year 2016. Going forward, however, we will continue to report on the number of customers with orders in excess of $1 million, and we will not be reporting on the number of enterprise agreements. There are two reasons for this. First, our definition of enterprise agreements is overly constraining. I would prefer to give Rick Mahoney the ability to structure the right relationship with the customer, one that optimizes the value to ANSYS rather than focus on whether a deal can technically be classified as an enterprise agreement under a legacy definition. Second, based on Rick’s years of success with strategic selling and large transactions, we are further investing in and evolving our major accounts program. Our goal is to build increasing momentum in our largest accounts through a repeatable and measureable model. So, through a combination of strong account planning, pragmatic execution, and to mapping the specific needs of each customer to ANSYS’s differentiated capabilities, we believe that we will increase our value to our customers, increase customer loyalty, and grow our revenue and share of wallet. We will be discussing more of our plan with major accounts during the upcoming Investor Day in September I’d like to turn to M&A for a moment. Our Medini acquisition in Q4 is showing early success and has been integrated into the ANSYS sales channel. I’m excited that we closed our first cross-physics Medini sale. This was to a semiconductor company for components targeting the automotive industry. This is further proof that our multi-physics strategy drives cross-sell within our customer base In Q1, we acquired the assets of CLK Design Automation, a small company that provides exciting technology to address timing and voltage variability for sign-off for high-end mobile processor design. Although the company’s revenue is not material to our financial outlook, the technology will be a strong addition to our semiconductor portfolio. I’d like to turn to M&A for a moment. Our Medini acquisition in Q4 is showing early success and has been integrated into the ANSYS sales channel. I’m excited that we closed our first cross-physics Medini sale. This was to a semiconductor company for components targeting the automotive industry. This is further proof that our multi-physics strategy drives cross-sell within our customer base. In Q1, we acquired the assets of CLK Design Automation, a small company that provides exciting technology to address timing and voltage variability for sign-off for high-end mobile processor design. Although the company’s revenue is not material to our financial outlook, the technology will be a strong addition to our semiconductor portfolio. I’m also delighted that Matt Zack joined our team as VP of Business Development and Corporate Marketing about a month ago. Matt is an outstanding executive with an impressive track record of executing both large and small acquisitions, and building strategic partnerships. He brings strong financial knowledge and acumen, and a deep understanding of how a large and complex software company runs. In addition, he was part of the management team that transformed Ariba to the cloud, fueling its growth and a nearly 400% increase in share price. Matt has already made an impact in his short time here, and I look forward to telling you more about his successes on future calls. As I said in the last earnings call, we at ANSYS are working to reinvigorate our top line growth while preserving our commitments on our strong margin structure and cash flow. I am very excited and proud of the progress that we’ve made over the past few months, and I am more confident than ever in our ability to execute. However, we still have a lot of work ahead of us. We have a number of ongoing initiatives on the sales front. First, Europe remains a top area of focus for us in 2017. As I mentioned on our last call, we have already made key leadership changes and operational changes in Europe, and we will continue to take actions to improve sales execution and sharpen our go-to-market strategy in the region. Secondly, as already described, we will be evolving our major account program. And third, we will continue our efforts to expand the indirect channel, especially in Europe and North America. On the product side, we continue to invest to address the ADAS, additive manufacturing and Internet of Things opportunities, and also continue to improve our capabilities in cloud and machine learning. From an infrastructure perspective, we are in the middle of implementing a new CRM system, which is, of course, critical to our go-forward of sales effectiveness. We also need to modernize our HR information system to allow us to more effectively manage our worldwide workforce. And with that, I would now like to turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financial results in a little bit more detail. Maria?
Maria Shields: Okay. Thank you. Ajei. For the next few minutes, I’ll add some additional perspective on our Q1 2017 operational performance, touch on some key financial highlights, and also comment on our Q2 and fiscal year 2017 outlook. Also, just a note, I will be commenting in terms of non-GAAP, unless I otherwise state. The results of Q1 reflect solid execution across most aspects of our business. This enabled us to deliver both revenue and earnings, which exceeded the upper end of our guidance. Key highlights include total revenue of $253.5 million for the quarter, a y-over-y growth of 13% in constant currency. Our Q1 revenue includes a negative currency impact of $1.8 million. Recurring revenue for Q1 was a hefty 78%. Our ability to consistently maintain a solid base of recurring revenue remains one of the hallmarks of our business model. Sales bookings growth outpaced revenue growth in Q1. This was driven by a combination of the 31 seven-figure deals which were closed in the quarter, including five customers with orders in excess of $5 million. We also reported increases in software license sales and solid maintenance renewals, both of which contributed to deferred revenue and backlog of $653 million, representing a new Q1 record high and 29% growth as compared to Q1 of 2016. This positions us well for Q2 and the remainder of 2017. In Q1, we achieved a gross margin of 90% and an operating margin of 46.4%. We reported EPS of $0.89, representing 16% growth over last year’s first quarter earnings. Q1’s GAAP earnings included approximately $9.3 million or $0.07 per share related to our previously announced workforce realignment. Currently, we expect to incur additional charges of $2 million to $4 million or $1.3 million to $2.8 million net of tax primarily during Q2 2017. Our operating cash flow for Q1 totaled $126 million, a 14% increase over last year’s Q1, and we ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $867 million. Keeping with our commitment to return capital to our stockholders, during Q1, we repurchased one million shares at an average price of $100.35. There are 4.5 million shares capacity remaining in the authorized repurchase program. Now, let me spend a moment on our current outlook. We’ve initiated outlook for Q2 with non-GAAP revenue in the range of $254 million to $263 million. This represents constant-currency revenue growth in the 6% to 7% range at the midpoint, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.88 to $0.93. I’d also like to mention that last year’s Q2 results included $0.03 tax benefit that will not repeat this year. With respect to fiscal year 2017, we are increasing our outlook to factor in our Q1 performance, our outlook for the remainder of the year, and movements in currency since we last provided guidance in February. This translates to non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1.03 billion to $1.058 billion, and non-GAAP EPS of $3.68 to $3.85. We’re targeting non-GAAP gross profit margin of approximately 88% to 89% for the quarter and the year, and non-GAAP operating margin to 45% to 46% for Q2, and 46% to 47% for fiscal year 2017. Further details around specific currency rates and other key assumptions that we factored into our outlook for Q2 and for 2017 are contained in the prepared remarks document. Kate, we'll now open the phone lines to take questions please.
Operator: We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] The first question comes from Anil Doradla of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Anil Doradla: Hey guys. Good morning. And very impressive results. Congrats to you all.
Ajei Gopal: Thanks Anil.
Anil Doradla: So, Ajei, so thanks a lot for sharing your new philosophy around the enterprise-level agreements and using the million dollar as kind of the -- as kind of a tipping point in terms of highlighting the number of deals. But just digging a little bit onto that, why are you using the million dollars as kind of the -- as the milestone for highlighting the number of deals? Is there something around the million dollars which leads you guys to believe that once you touch $1mm dollars at a client, the prospects are more often better than not? Can you help us understand the philosophy behind that?
Ajei Gopal: Sure, Anil. I mean, we’re being very pragmatic here. The million-dollar number is something that we have reported over a number of years. So, if you go back all the way to 2007, you’ll see how we’ve done against million-dollar deals. We wanted to give you some continuity so that you could continue to see the growth that we’re driving in our larger accounts. So that was the rationale behind that.
Anil Doradla: So it isn’t like because we had -- we used to look at ELAs, right? And ELAs was the way for us to view the company in terms of how it’s shaping out. So, what I’m trying to really get at is the million dollars versus your previous ELA commentary, what is the correlation there?
Ajei Gopal: Well, let me give you a little bit more, perhaps a few more words around why we’re trying to move away from this counting of the enterprise agreements on the call. Look, as you know, we have increased our focus on building strategic relationships with the largest and most important customers, and success in major accounts will play an important role in our business. And our goal and our objective is to try to build a platform between the customer and ANSYS, which aligns both the customer’s short-term and long-term objectives with our capabilities and our long-term road map. And we want to create an opportunity for the customer to maximize their use of ANSYS technology. And frankly, if we do this, we believe that we’ll be able to optimize our financial relationship with the customer, and this might result in a sequence of transactions that happen over time over multiple quarters. We’re trying to move away from a constraining definition of enterprise agreements that we’ve used in the past. So, let me make that very specifically concrete. So, our current definition of enterprise agreements that we’ve reported to you requires that the agreements span multiple physics. Now, suppose you have a large customer who’s ready to standardize on ANSYS Mechanical, as an example, but they’re not yet ready to engage on the additional physics. So that standardization could represent a huge enterprise relationship. But if you operate under today’s definitions, the sales team would be trying to shoehorn other physics into the deal even if the customer is not ready. I would rather, instead, that the sales team focus on the long-term opportunity with the customers, which is to choose to close the agreement on standardizing on ANSYS Mechanical, whether it happens to be classified technically as an enterprise agreement or not, and then expand to include multiple physics when the customer is ready. So that’s what I mean by building a platform between the customer and ANSYS. It’s the mechanism by which we can continue to monetize the relationship on an ongoing basis. And our former definition forced us to think very transactionally while we believe in the long-term platform. And as a result, with some of our customers, we are in a position to close multiple deals. Even after we have closed large enterprise agreements, we continue to do deals with customers. And so, we feel like this ongoing activity is a better view of the nature of this platform relationship between us and our largest customers. Now -- and we’re excited about the million-dollar metric because that -- by looking at that metric, you can clearly see the growth of our -- some of these larger relationships with our customers.
Anil Doradla: Very good.
Ajei Gopal: And finally -- yeah. During Investor Day, you’ll hear more about this from Rick and myself. We will talk a little bit more about our strategy for major accounts. But obviously, Rick brings enormous amounts of credibility and expertise there based upon his experiences in the past.
Anil Doradla: Great. And as a follow-up, Ajei, and by the way, thanks a lot for clarifying that, that helps. I know it’s not a very fair question, but nevertheless, I will ask. You’ve embarked on kind of a reorganization of the sales force. Europe was identified as an issue, you’re seeing that. I know you’re in the midst of many changes, but in what innings are you in relative to Europe in terms of turning it around?
Ajei Gopal: Look, we made some changes in Europe that we reported on last quarter that included some changes in leadership and management. It included some changing of territories and redefining sort of our countries or the regions, if you will. And, of course, I talked about how we’re changing some of our go-to-market strategy, how we’re dealing with a finer segmentation. I talked about some of our channel relationships and how we’re trying to broaden some of the channel relationships in Europe. All of these things take time. We believe that we’ve made very good progress so far. We believe that we will continue to make progress through the year. We’ll see early results of this towards the end of the year, but we expect the broad-based financial impact to start to make its presence known in next year and the latter part of this year.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Talanian of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ken Talanian: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. You saw a healthy uptick in perpetual licenses in the quarter. I was curious, was most of that growth coming from APAC? And as we look into the rest of 2017, could we see perpetual licenses actually grow for the year?
Maria Shields: Yes. So, Ken, absolutely. If you recall, for the past several calls, I’ve been highlighting that while some software companies are making a push towards all subscription, we’ve chosen to remain flexible so that we cannot lengthen sales cycles in particular geographies where customers still prefer perpetual models, and Asia-Pac happens to be one of those geographies. So, we believe that based on our current guidance and based on our current visibility, that we should see some modest growth in perpetuals. But I don’t believe it will be double-digit unless something changes in second half that we don’t have visibility into. But we are very happy that our Asia-Pac region, our hybrid licensing model enables customers to adopt our technology.
Ken Talanian: Okay. And I was also curious. Has there -- just sort of bigger picture question. Has there been any change in the percentage of your customer base who’s adopted multiple physics? I know you talked about the desire to push that over a longer period of time rather than sort of forcing it through an ELA, but I’m curious as to what the trend has been.
Ajei Gopal: So, when we look at the top 100 customers who tend to be the larger customers who buy more and have more sophisticated products, a lot of them tend to be multiphysics. I would say approximately 35%, 40%, somewhere in that region, are adopting multiple physics for the large customers.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning. Maria, let me start with you and ask about the relationship of perpetual with maintenance revenue. So, over the quarter and for the trailing 12 months, maintenance continued to substantially outperform the perpetual license revenue. In 2016, for example, perpetual revenue was down 5%, maintenance up 8%. And then now, for the trailing 12 months ended Q1, perpetual’s down 2%, even with the uptick in Q1; and maintenance up 9%. So, given your historically very high correlation between maintenance and perpetual, could you perhaps talk about why the maintenance revenue growth would continue to be so much stronger than the corresponding perpetual? Then a follow-up for Ajei.
Maria Shields: So, Jay, I think it’s a combination of not only what happened in the current quarter, but previous quarters’ paid up strength also result in increase in maintenance revenue. We continue to have extremely high renewal rates and attach rates on the maintenance. And then, of course, in Q1, you will also see some of the impact of the price increase that we announced with the latest release in late July. So, I think those are really the three combining factors that drove the strength of the maintenance revenue in Q1.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. For Ajei, we track your bookings by end market fairly closely, and it’s good that you disclosed those percentages. When we look back over time, including Q1 and on a trailing 12-month basis, it’s generally the case that you have one or two or maybe three end markets that most contribute to your bookings growth. More recently, as you noted, you had -- auto and electronics were quite good for you in the quarter, and last year, of course, in Q4, electronic, semis and A&D were the main drivers. The point I want to bring out is that your industrial equipment segment has been lagging for some time now, partly due to tough comps perhaps. But could you talk about when you think you’re going to start seeing some momentum in that category as you have in the past? And then more broadly, does your guidance encompass an assumption of double-digit bookings growth for all of 2017, as you showed in Q1?
Ajei Gopal: So, I think look, your point about the -- Jay, it’s a good question about the industries. Obviously, we’re seeing enormous strength in electronics. We’re seeing enormous strength in automotive, aerospace and defense, semiconductors. These are areas that have been performing significantly above perhaps the past. I mean the automotive sector, for example, with electrification and with ADAS, the level of investment continues to accelerate there. So, we’re seeing, in some sense, outperformance in some of those areas. Certainly, if you think about industrial equipment in the aggregate, oil and gas has been somewhat depressed for a while. And we would expect that as the oil companies adjust to a new reality or oil prices start to change, they may be some in what that looks like. That being said, of course, we are not just in exploration, we’re also in pipeline, and we continue to sell into that part of the oil industry as well. But obviously, oil and gas fits into our view of the industrial equipment market, and there’s been some downward pressure there. I’ll let Maria answer the question about bookings.
Maria Shields: Yes. So, Jay, our current guidance would -- if everything on the high end would go well, could result in double-digit bookings growth for the full year. However, I will caution that there’s two major factors that could yield high single-digit growth. First being, as we get into second half, our Q4 comparable will be extremely challenging. With that being said, we also have a number of multi-year deals that are in the pipeline. And the timing of when those close, whether they be Q4 or Q1 of 2018, will also have an impact on where we finish relative to the growth in bookings. So, it is very possible. However, I will caution that there are some things that could yield some of those deals shifting into Q1 of next year just based on timing of closure rates, so.
Operator: The next question is from Monika Garg of Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First on Q1, Q1 much better than expected. Maybe can you walk through more details what led to beat? And also, when I kind of model the guidance for Q2 and rest of the year, it seems you are -- in Q2, your midpoint is about 5%, 6% growth, and second half, the guidance implies less than 5% growth. So, given such good performance in Q1, why would we see such deceleration in rest of the year?
Ajei Gopal: So, let me address the issues about performance in Q1, and then I’ll hand the question over to Maria. So Q1, Monika, look, I think we approached Q1 with the focus on execution. And we were very clear about making sure that we got off to a fast start within our sales organization. And we did a number of things that were tactically important, as well as strategically set the stage for a very strong year. From relatively simple things like moving our sales kickoff meetings earlier in the year to being thoughtful about how we drive the start-of-the-year activities around ANSYS 18 and so forth. So, there were some, I would say, sort of thoughtful execution. And then, of course, we’ve had Rick Mahoney, who’s our new VP of Sales. Rick came on board. Rick has a particular view on how he wants to drive accountability and execution in the sales organization, and that’s been tremendously well received and been tremendously successful. So, it’s been a combination of execution. It’s been a combination of fresh sets of eyes on the company, and our ability, most importantly, to work as a team across ANSYS to make sure that we can support the needs of our customers in the best way. So, I’m very proud of the work that’s been done this quarter, and a lot of it is just about execution.
Maria Shields: And, Monika, relative to your question regarding outlook for the full year, and particularly, second half, what I’d say is our current outlook considers a number of factors. First of all, as I mentioned on the earlier question, as we get to second half, the strength of last year’s Q4 will make the comparable in this year’s Q4 a little bit more challenging. And as you heard in the prepared remarks during the script, we are cautious about Europe. It is going to take us the better half of 2017 to do a lot of the heavy lifting that we’ve got ahead of us, and to begin to see the fruits of our labor. And we’re also a little bit, relative to the larger deals, to the extent that the mix of those deals shifts toward leases, particularly the trends that we’ve commented on in North America, that could have an impact on short-term revenue. So, I just think it’s Q1. We’ve got good visibility, but there are some moving parts that could yield differences in short-term revenue recognition under the current rules, but result in better bookings growth for the long term.
Monika Garg: Got it. Thanks. Then, Maria, on the 606 revenue recognition, you’re shifting model -- or you’ve seen more lease -- ELAs than lease revenue. So how do you think that could impact that lease revenue line? Thank you.
Maria Shields: So, Monika, not unlike what we have been saying for at least a quarter now, no doubt the standard’s final. And while there are interpretations that the FASB and the powers that be are working through, as some of the people understand that the volatility that’s going to be caused by the new standard is going to raise, we still, working with our independent auditors and some of the consultants that we’ve brought on to help us through this transition, believe that we will have to recognize a portion of those leases upfront because of our model. And that it will have a material impact on revenue recognition in any given quarter, and have implications relative to deferred revenue. We’re working through all of that. And when we have better visibility as we get into the second half, we will share some of that at Investor Day.
Operator: The next question is from Rich Valera of Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Congratulations on the very nice results. Just wanted to sort of follow up on that line of questioning, particularly if your perpetual licenses, as I think, Maria, you indicated you thought could be flat for the year, are, in fact, flat, it’s sort of challenging to get to your overall full year revenue number given that the other two line items in your revenue, sort of your revenue statement, the lease licenses and typically maintenance tend to progressively increase as the year goes on. So just trying to -- wonder if you could give a little more color in terms of the lease line or the maintenance line, how you’re thinking about those lines for the full year in the context of a perpetual license line that was flat to sort of get to your full year revenue guide. Thank you.
Maria Shields: Yes. So, I would say at the low end of our guidance, it would assume in constant currency perhaps negative to flat, which would mean we would continue to see growth in the lease and maintenance lines. And at the higher end of the guidance, depending on mix and the timing of some of the deals, we would see, I would call, mid-single digits perpetual growth, as well as stronger growth in both the lease and maintenance lines as the drivers. And service, we’re continuing to see some growth, albeit off of a much lower denominator.
Rich Valera: Got it. And then looking at the industry segment data that you provided, it does look like, over the past couple quarters, that the semiconductor segment has come back pretty strongly. Just wondering if you can provide any color on that, what’s driven that and how the new Apache product is fairing out in the market, the new RedHawk product. Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: So, look, we -- firstly, to address your question about the new architecture, we believe that the SeaHawk, SeaScape architecture, we believe it’s a great game changer because essentially, what SeaHawk does is it combines the big data architecture that we’ve been working on as part of SeaScape, and it combines that with our capabilities which allow chip designers to essentially do the power -- to meet their power and performance goals, while reducing the need, if you will, for overdesign to make sure that they’re being conservative. So, I think we’ve proceeded very well with SeaHawk. We have a number of engagements under way. We’re seeing tremendous interest. More broadly, this is an example of our commitment to continue to innovate within our portfolio to maintain the leadership across all of our physics so that we can dig that technical moat that separates us and our competitors. We can dig it deeper and wider from a position of strength. More broadly, in the semiconductors, as we see customers moving to advanced process nodes, 60 nanometers and below, the designs are becoming more complex. The risk of failure is really high. And so, customers are driving more and more simulation. And that drives more and more use of our technology. And certainly, with the big data analytics, we’ve become much stronger. And so, we’re very excited about that movement, it plays directly to our strength. And then when you start to think more broadly about where the industry’s going, it’s not just about the chip itself, it’s about how the chip fits into the package, into the system. And that chip package system requirement is driving the need for multiple physics. Again, it’s not just the semiconductors, you have to understand the thermal, the mechanical, the structural elements of this. And so, that again leads -- brings in the ANSYS portfolio. So, we’re very excited about what we’re doing. We’re seeing more customers now. Think about silicon, not just the traditional semi guys, but also the systems guys are building custom silicon to capture their intellectual property. Think mobile devices, etcetera. So, we’re very excited. We think the technology gives us a good start, and we think that the market is very strong for us.
Operator: The next question is from Rob Oliver of Robert Baird & Company. Please go ahead.
Matt Lemenager: Thanks, this is Matt Lemenager on for Rob. Thanks for taking our question. Is any part of this acceleration in bookings coming from pushing upstream to design engineers who maybe weren’t using your product for simulation in the past vs. the historical market of core analysts? I’m just trying to parse out maybe where that acceleration is coming from.
Ajei Gopal: We certainly have customers who are up and down, traditional analysts, as well as designers, now taking advantage of our technology. But I would say that our growth is coming and being driven from our core business and the strength of our core portfolio within our flagship products. Because obviously, that’s -- the denominator’s sufficiently large when you start to think about growth. Some of the emerging products that we put out there are relatively small. With a large denominator, the growth is being driven by the growth in our flagship offerings. And so that’s driving usage, not just within the traditional base, but of course, within the designer community as well within our existing customers.
Matt Lemenager: Great. And this is for…
Ajei Gopal: Did that help?
Matt Lemenager: Yes, that’s helpful. And for Maria, I don’t know if I missed it on the call. Is there an update to the full year cash flow guidance?
Maria Shields: Yes. We are updating outlook on cash flow to $365 million to $385 million for the year.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Schappel of Benchmark. Please go ahead.
Mark Schappel: Hi. Good morning. And nice job on the quarter. Ajei, the company did exceptionally well in North America this quarter. And with that said, though, the discussion of late has really been around the operational changes in Europe. So, I was wondering if you’d just discuss a little bit about maybe some of the changes you’ve made in North America just to help drive these good results.
Ajei Gopal: Well, I think we had a very strong team in North America. We have a leader in North America who’s been in his position now for a while, and we have a set of lieutenants below him who are very skilled at what they do. What Rick has been able to bring on board is a set of discipline around execution, a focus on the basics. It’s just looking at forecast, being very disciplined about forecasting; looking at deals, doing analysis around especially some of the large deals, which, of course, continue to be very important for us, doing an analysis of what they look like, making sure we have customer engagements. And so, we certainly have better execution. We’ve got a very mature market. We’ve obviously been in the North America market for a long time. We have a long history with our customers. And if you take, for example, the comments I made in my prepared remarks or in the script around Eaton Corporation, for example, or Pratt, in both cases, these are long-established customers. Their needs have continued to change. They’ve historically bought a set of products, but their needs have continued to change. Their vision has changed. They’re looking at IoT. They’re looking at ADAS manufacturing. They’re looking at the use of design engineers. And they’ve come to us as a critical strategic partner, and they’ve asked us, how can we stay ahead of this curve, this industry arc that’s changing? How do we get ahead of this? And obviously, we have answers for these customers. And so that’s what’s leading to some of these larger transactions, that’s what’s leading to some of this success in the field. So, our strategy of multiphysics, our strategy of being a simulation specialist, our strategy of making sure that we have the right solutions for the customers ahead of their needs, that’s paying off. And so, we’re seeing better sales execution. We’re seeing the impact of great relationships with customers over the years. We’re seeing the impact of a great team, and we’re seeing the impact of really great products that are the best in the industry.
Mark Schappel: Thank you. That’s helpful. And as a follow-up here, obviously, a lot of internal initiatives going on at the company to drive sales, that’s good. But based on the good revenue and bookings numbers we’ve seen the last couple of quarters, is it fair -- I would assume it’s fair to assume that the overall demand conditions are also improving as well. Is that correct?
Ajei Gopal: Yeah. I think it’s fair to say that the overall demand is improving, especially around areas like the electrification, if you will, of the electronics everywhere. And you’re seeing that clearly as a trend. Products that were traditionally not sort of electronics, if you will, and not electronics-enabled, these things are now IP addressable and there’s more electronics in the bill of materials everywhere. So, for example, in a car, 35% of the bill of materials of a car is electronics now, and it’s going to go raise to 50%. All of that leads to and points to our strengths, which is strength in electronics and strength across multiple physics. So, yes, there is some improvement, but it’s also not just the macro, it’s also the fact that our products are perfectly positioned for where the demand in the market is. And I don’t necessarily -- I don’t want to say it’s just one or the other, it’s both. There is some demand, but clearly, we have the best products in the marketplace.
Operator: The next question is from Ross MacMillan of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks so much and congratulations from me as well on a strong quarter. Ajei, I had just a question in terms of maybe changes to the sales compensation. I was curious if you’ve put anything in place or Rick has put anything in place this year, or indeed, if it happened last year, that’s fundamentally different than what preexisted. And related to that, has there been any change on the cadence of lease deal renewals? I’m just curious as to whether lease renewals are happening in the timeframe that they sort of normally would be expected to renew or whether there’s anything changing on that cadence of renewal. Thank you.
Ajei Gopal: Yeah. So, to your point about sales compensation, we put in place the bulk of the compensation structure for the sales team. Last year, we put the model in place kind of at the end of last year. And obviously, we’re incenting our sales people to win business, and that’s where the variable compensation comes from. And so that’s how the variable compensation is structured. This year, at the start of the year, one of the additional things we did to drive the fast start that I talked about is we put in place a small spiff for deals that were brought in earlier in the quarter. And so, for deals that came in above a certain threshold level, so the larger deals that came in above a certain threshold but that came in earlier, there was a little bit of incentive put in place as an incremental spiff for the sales organization. And so, we’ve done a little bit of that as well. But for the most part, the sales organization is being incented on new business. And that’s the basis by which we’re driving the organization. Yeah. And by the way, equally so for the channel, the channel also has a similar incentive around driving and closing new business for us.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks. And just on that spiff, is that something that you will not carry through to subsequent quarters or is it something you plan to keep in place this year?
Ajei Gopal: It was a one and done for Q1. So, it was a Q1 fast start, and it was only for the first part of the quarter, so it’s in the past.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Koenig of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Steve Koenig: Hi everyone. Congrats on a great quarter. My first question I want to ask you, I just want to maybe augment Mark’s question just a little bit here. You talked about in terms of improving North America, acceleration there. You talked about the sales execution and leadership, that’s been a change in terms of something different in ANSYS. You did agree that there’s a secular demand trend towards more electronics, you pointed out to. But I’m wondering in the demand environment, is there also a cyclical component? What are you seeing there in terms of kind of market conditions?
Ajei Gopal: Well, each individual vertical is different. I mean, oil and gas has its own parameters. But for the most part, we’re seeing essentially a continuation of what we saw in Q4. It’s not like there’s been any dramatic difference between Q4 and Q1 that we can discern. There’s always been this trend towards electronification, if you will, if that’s a word, and some of the other metrics that I talked about. So, I don’t see any fundamental difference between Q4 and Q1.
Steve Koenig: Okay. And then on the follow-up, I’d like to ask about initiatives at the lower end of the market, where you’ve been growing more slowly, you’ve been growing very fast at the high end of the market. What’s -- anything new for the low-end and what’s your thinking there in terms of what things you might want to pursue?
Ajei Gopal: Well, I’ll sort of make two observations, one is around channels. We have continued to make investments in the channel, and our channel gives us reach into customers that we would not historically be calling on ourselves. And you can see from the performance of the channel, the channel has done really well. We’ve driven double-digit growth, for example, in our channel partners in Asia. And I think that they are -- that’s been very helpful for us, bringing in a number of new logos into the company through the channels. The second part of the answer is if you think about our product offerings, I mentioned this briefly in my remarks, we introduced Version 3 of our AIM offering in ANSYS 18, and that is obviously seeing some good traction with customers. And I would say something like 60% of the customers to whom we’ve sold that product are new logos to ANSYS. And that is something that the channel has been able to embrace, as well as -- and its still early days, of course, for that product. So, yeah. So, I mean, we’re seeing our ability to get there driven through both product, as well as channels.
Operator: The next question is from Saket Kalia of Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Saket Kalia: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. Listen, most of mine have been answered, but two quick modeling questions for you, Maria, if I may. First, you mentioned that bookings could grow double digit for the year, and of course, some of that, as you said, will come from some multiyear contracts. Can you just talk about how you think about current bookings growth or maybe annual contract value growing for this year?
Maria Shields: Yeah. I would think that if you look at the bookings growth and the current in Q1, they were very similar. So, to the extent that the timing and the mix hold up based on our current visibility, I would think that they would be -- the current portion would be similar. It may be a little bit impacted by timing.
Saket Kalia: Got it. And then you can tell by all of our questions, we’re all trying to understand sort of the driver behind the big deals strength. So, I’ll ask you a different variation of it. How will you, qualitatively, of course, think about some of the big deals strength in terms of contracts up for renewal vs. expanded usage?
Maria Shields: So, I would say it’s a combination of both. I mean those deals that we highlighted in prepared remarks and in the script, those 31 seven-figure deals and those five over $5mm, not only are they renewals, but there is also expansion of new business. So those are customers, and two of them that Ajei highlighted. We have had decades of relationships with some of these customers, particularly in North America where we started and where a number of the companies that we’ve acquired over time started. So, the goodwill and the brand recognition that we’ve been able to develop with these customers as they do tool consolidation, as they make changes in their business to deal with additive manufacturing and IoT, and digital twins and all of the things that are relevant to them, we are uniquely positioned because of those decades of relationships to help them through their own transformation. So, it’s a very exciting time for us given the breadth and depth of our portfolio, and how we can help our customers to continue to solve the problems of tomorrow.
Operator: The next question is from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty: Yeah thanks. Hi guys. Can you just remind us what was included in guidance and what the contribution in the quarter from the Medini acquisition was?
Maria Shields: For the full year, I think the Medini acquisition is relatively immaterial, it’s about $2mm, and the contribution for Q1 was probably a quarter of that. It’s not material, it’s early in the day, but we were excited, as you heard Ajei talk about, the integration of that and having the opportunity now to leverage our installed base and those customer relationships to grow that given that, that Medini technology is very much aligned with some of the current things that are happening relative to our customers.
Sterling Auty: Got it. And then…
Ajei Gopal: Yeah, and that allows us to drive a conversation -- I’m sorry. Just to amplify what Maria said, that allows us to drive a conversation with our customers about if they start to think about these next generation, for example, of vehicles, we can drive a discussion about safety and that broadens the discussion down to the multiphysics strategy. So, it’s a symbiotic relationship driving the business forward.
Sterling Auty: And on that point in terms of auto, given the strength that you’ve had, can you update us, at this point, where do you see the biggest concentration of ANSYS usage within the automotive market? So, what area of automotive, design, simulation, where are the biggest use cases?
Ajei Gopal: Well, look, traditionally, if you go back a decade or so ago, a few years ago, traditionally, it’s been -- it was in structures, it was in thermal, it was in fluids, looking at things like integrity, vibration analysis, looking at aerodynamics, looking at combustion for thermal and so forth. That’s where traditionally it’s been. Where it’s evolved to is now things like electric motors. So, companies that are building electric motors are using our technology to help design these electric motors. It’s evolved to electronics, so antenna placement. So, for example, as companies are thinking about vehicle-to-vehicle or V2X or go V-to-anything, it’s where would you place the antenna. If you start to think about -- as you start to think about ADAS, then it becomes much more sophisticated because you’re dealing now with essentially, a supercomputer on wheels. You’re dealing with a very challenging environment, and that requires a lot of electronic simulation. Of course, multiphysics simulation as you start to think about vibration and its impact on electronics, for example. There’s opportunities with embedded software, and we’ve had some success there with our SCADE offerings. Certainly, we’ve talked about Medini and our opportunities there. So, there’s a new standard, the ISO 26262, that’s driving sort of a standard set of requirements that the automotive manufacturers have to comply with, and that’s something that our products allow them to easily comply with. And that, again, gives us a strategic advantage. So, historically, we’ve been in sort of structures, fluids, thermal, etcetera. And increasingly, as the bill of materials of the car migrates, goes from 35% electronics to 50% in the future, we’re seeing the electronics part of our portfolio, the embedded software part of our portfolio, the safe -- all of that come in as well in addition to our traditional strengths.
Operator: The next question comes from Erik Karlsson of Bodenholm. Please go ahead.
Erik Karlsson: Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is on the major and strategic account program. We have seen some acceleration in bookings and sales growth here, which is very positive for us shareholders, of course. But do you think there’s incremental upside from this program as you improve the focus even further here?
Ajei Gopal: Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. We see incremental upside. We see our performance continuing to improve. We see -- as I mentioned in the script, we had, I believe, four enterprise agreements as compared with one enterprise agreement this time last year. So, we continue to drive progress forward. We’re excited about this at the relationship. And as we were saying earlier in the relationship, for example, with Eaton Corporation, we’re a trusted vendor. We are in a position to engage with the customer as they themselves are thinking about how to respond to these changing market demands of IoT, et cetera, additive manufacturing. And we’re in a position with the right solutions to come in to help have that conversation with the customer. And obviously, that drives more business for us. So, we believe that our relationship with these large customers is very strong. It’s based on a very robust platform, a robust foundation. And we have the ability because of our capabilities and because of the technical relationships that our ACE team has been able to build with the customers. We have the ability to then drive that conversation forward towards incremental opportunity. And so that drives both new business, as Maria was saying, as well as our ability to renew the portfolio. And that’s where the strength of the franchise comes from.
Erik Karlsson: Very good. And a question on cost as well, if I may. You were investing for growth in a number of initiatives, such -- R&D, sales force incentives, HR and so on, which is really very positive. Where have we already seen the increase in the SG&A costs due to this? And where do you think there are more costs to come in the quarters ahead?
Maria Shields: I would say across the business because each component of the business, each functional line item, we have a lot of exciting opportunity. Now, the challenge will be the prioritization of those opportunities and the sequencing. But I believe you will see continued investment in innovation, in R&D, particularly around some of the high growth opportunities that we see that Ajei mentioned around additive manufacturing, around IoT, around digital twin. On the SG&A side, not only are we investing in some of the go to market initiatives in expanding the channel, but we’re also investing in infrastructures such as CRM. We’re working our way through the implications of the revenue recognition changes. So, we’ve had to bring in some outside parties to help us through that. So, there’s a number of areas across the company that we’ll continue to invest in because we really see the opportunity for longer-term growth, and we need to invest now to be able to capture that growth.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ajei Gopal for any closing remarks.
Ajei Gopal: Great. Thank you, Kate. So, I’d like to close by expressing my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners and a big shout-out to my ANSYS colleagues. Thank you for all your efforts and thank you for a great quarter. Thank you all for joining our call today. I look forward to our next conversation. Please enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Annette N. Arribas - ANSYS, Inc. Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc. Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.
Analysts: Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Ken Talanian - Evercore Group LLC Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jason Velkavrh - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Erik Karlsson - Bodenholm Capital AB Stephen Bersey - MUFG Securities America, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ajei Gopal, Chief Executive Officer; Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer, and Annette Arribas, Senior Director, Global Investor Relations. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Arribas for some opening remarks.
Annette N. Arribas - ANSYS, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks documents have been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all of the key financial information and supportive data relative to our fourth quarter and full year financial results and business update, as well as, our Q1 and fiscal year 2017 outlook and the key underlying assumptions. So, I'd like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance, as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information, unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures, are included in this morning's earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. I'd now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajei Gopal for his opening remarks. Ajei?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you, Annette and good morning, everyone. The demand for ANSYS' portfolio has never been stronger. The merger of the physical and the digital worlds is creating an unprecedented disruption, resulting in a new generation of innovative and transformative products, such as self-driving vehicles, personalized medical devices and smart buildings. The opportunity is immense, and we're seeing it play out in industries as diverse as industrial equipment, to consumer goods, to healthcare. This coming generation of products will be significantly more complicated to design and manufacture than anything on the market today. And to make things even more challenging, these products will have to be produced more quickly than ever before. And it's not just the products themselves that are becoming smarter and more exciting, this disruption extends to the way they are being manufactured, brought to market, and operated. Simulation, and whether you call it final for verification, simulation is the most important solution companies have to help them address product complexity and the need for speed throughout the product lifecycle. Whether it's just single physics or multi physics simulation, companies have come to rely on the accuracy, flexibility and robustness that simulation provides. And that's where ANSYS comes in. ANSYS is the only vendor with the depth and breadth of simulation capabilities across all major physics to empower our customers to bring this next generation of products to market. I am more excited than ever about ANSYS' future, and I'm delighted to join you today on my first earnings call since becoming ANSYS' CEO on the 1 of January this year. If you recall, I joined as President and Chief Operating Officer in August, and I've been on our board of directors since 2011. So I've seen firsthand the remarkable work this company has done. As you saw in our earnings documents, we closed 2016 on a strong note with financial results, which met or exceeded the guidance that we provided in November. I'm very pleased with the performance of the business in Q4, especially with our strong bookings that resulted in record deferred revenue and backlog of $638 million, which is a leading indicator of the ongoing health of our business. Our 2017 guidance remains unchanged other than for adjustments to currency. We are also off to a fast start in Q1, with continued momentum from the higher growth that we just experienced in Q4. Maria will review the financial results in a bit more detail in a few minutes, but let me give you some color into the performance of our sales regions. North America revenue grew 10% in Q4, including a 15% growth in leased revenue. For 2016, North America revenue grew 4% in constant currency, with 9% in leased revenue. This is further evidence of the shift in preference for time-based licenses that we have highlighted in recent quarters. Electronics, aerospace and defense, and automotive were the strongest industries. Driven by continued strong performance in China, India and Taiwan, the Q4 results in Asia Pacific included a 12% revenue growth and a 6% increase in leased revenue, both in constant currency. For 2016, the region experienced overall 9% revenue growth, including 8% growth in lease. We had double-digit growth from our indirect channels in China, India, Taiwan and South Korea. From an industry perspective, we continue to see the adoption of the broader portfolio, including integrated multiphysics, electronics and control software. Our weakest region was Europe, delivering constant currency revenue growth of less than 1% in Q4 and 3% in 2016. These results reflect a combination of mixed sales execution and lingering pockets of economic and geopolitical issues. Germany led the region with 6% and 8% constant currency growth for Q4 and 2016 respectively, while we saw continued weakness in the UK and France. With regards to industry performance in Europe in Q4, automotive, industrial equipment, electronics, aerospace and energy, all contributed relatively equally. In recognition of the disappointing results in our European business, in the fourth quarter, we took specific actions to improve sales execution and sharpen our go-to-market strategy in the region. These included, but were not limited to, senior sales leadership changes, a new organizational structure that allows for more effective deployment of sales resources by separating out the largest economies and consolidating smaller and similar economies, and a greater emphasis on partnering with the indirect channel. We believe these changes will set the foundation for a stronger 2017 and beyond in Europe. As I mentioned in our last earnings call, one of my top priorities was to fill the vacant role of the Global Head of Sales. I'm really excited that Rick Mahoney joined our team as Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Customer Excellence in the middle of December. Rick is a superb sales leader. He's previously led global sales teams in the EDA space, and has been responsible for generating billions in business. He understands large deals, has relevant industry experience, and knows what it takes to build a winning sales culture. As an added benefit, given the highly technical nature of our products and our customers, Rick began his career in software development and technical presales. Simply put, he is the perfect fit to lead our sales and services organization. He has already made a difference in the short time here and I look forward to telling you more about his accomplishments on future calls. In Q4, my extended leadership team and I worked on our 2017 plan. Our planning work was done in the context of our desire to reinvigorate top line growth, while preserving our commitments on strong margin structure and cash flow. The team has done a tremendous job, working collaboratively and cross-functionally to pull together detailed plans for product, go-to-market strategies, staffing and other areas of critical investment. To drive growth, we realize that we had to increase the level of investment and emphasis in certain areas of our go-to-market, product and infrastructure activities. We also realized that with ANSYS' growth as a company from $50 million of revenue in 2000 to almost $1 billion today through a combination of organic investments and acquisitions that we have opportunities to fine tune our organization. As such, as mentioned in the last earnings documents, we began a workforce realignment in Q4 with the intention of freeing up investment capacity and reallocating that capacity to other areas that will generate the highest returns to the company. Maria will discuss the financial impact of this realignment in her comments. Earlier this quarter, we launched the latest version of our industry-leading portfolio, ANSYS 18, and I'm excited to announce the demand for it is strong. Built on our industry-leading technology, ANSYS 18 is a feature-rich release that customers can use to accurately simulate and give insights into products that are as diverse as the latest smartphone to highly efficient aircraft engines. With ANSYS 18, users can reduce costly physical testing, improve time to market and lower development costs, all while spurring innovation. We have a number of recent examples of customers around the world who have leveraged the power of ANSYS technology for amazing results. For example, a large defense contractor reduced testing time from a year of physical testing down to about three weeks of digital prototyping that significantly improved time to market. The company was also able to cut costs and estimates that it has saved about $2 million by leveraging ANSYS to reduce systems failures. Another customer, Orbital Power designs, develops, and manufacturers the highest power-density heavy fuel rotary engines in the world. Based in the UK, this private company is making a big impact on the industry by using ANSYS solutions to create digital prototypes of its engines that are one-fifth the weight of competitor's products, while decreasing costs by 93% and shortening design time by 70%. On the semiconductor side, ANSYS worked with a major mobile device manufacturer to deliver a tape-out on the most advanced process node, which is critical to deliver reliable, high-performance, cost-effective chips. We have grown our relationship with this company with a multiyear agreement. Our historical strength in digital prototyping is just one way that ANSYS delivers values to customers across industries. In addition, ANSYS 18 expands the use of simulation throughout the product lifecycle from the earliest product concepts, all the way through operations. ANSYS 18 enables designers to make simulation based choices near the beginning of the design process, when 80% of the product cost gets locked in. Using ANSYS 18, a designer can rapidly evaluate thousands of widest possibilities for potential designs and quickly assess product performance. We call this process digital exploration. You might have seen our press release yesterday, where we highlighted Grundfos' use of digital exploration. Based in Denmark, this multibillion euro pump manufacturer is using simulation to digitally examine thousands of design options to optimize pump efficiency. By using ANSYS simulation, Grundfos reduced its overall design time by 30%, allowing it to bring a more efficient product to market faster. With ANSYS 18, we also move simulation downstream to production. We are enabling our customers to create digital twins of their products, so they understand the performance of individual products in production in real time, which dramatically reduces unplanned downtime. In fact, we're working with a European division of GE to jointly develop technology to accelerate digital twin adoption, quality and customer results. As you can see, ANSYS 18 expands simulation from digital exploration to digital prototyping to digital twins. We call this pervasive engineering simulation and we believe that it will transform the industry. Simply put, the future is here today with ANSYS 18 and if you haven't already been to a website to learn more about this offering, I encourage you to go to ansys.com/18 after the call concludes. Finally, Walid Abu-Hadba will be leaving the company for personal reasons on May 1. Now Walid has made many important contributions to ANSYS during his four-year tenure with the company. And perhaps the most important is the development of a key group of strong product leaders below Walid, who believe in and are committed to the ANSYS' vision and strategy. Now that Rick is here, and I no longer drive day-to-day management of sales, and given my years of experience running product organization, I'm looking forward to working more closely with the product leaders over the coming months to help guide the product roadmap by incorporating customer feedback and to ensure that we are spending our R&D dollars in the areas that would yield the highest returns. I want to take this opportunity to thank Walid for everything that he has done for ANSYS. Walid will always be a friend of the company and he will always be a friend of mine. With that, allow me to turn the call over to Maria to discuss our financial results in a little bit more detail. Maria?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. For the next few minutes, I'll add some additional perspective on our Q4 and fiscal year 2016 operational performance, touch on some key financial highlights, and also comment on our Q1 and fiscal 2017 outlook. Also just to note, I'll be commenting in terms of non-GAAP. The results of Q4 reflect improved execution across many aspects of our business. Key highlights include total revenue of $270.6 million for the quarter and $988.6 million for the year. We reported EPS of $0.98 for the fourth quarter and $3.63 for the year. As outlined in our earnings release, the Q4 and 2016 GAAP results include approximately $3.4 million or $0.03 per share related to workforce realignment activities that were not previously included in the company's November financial guidance. The Q4 and 2016 results also include in both the GAAP and non-GAAP results a charge of $4.7 million in connection with an employment-related settlement, which was also not included in the financial guidance provided last November. We achieved gross margins of 89% for the quarter and for the year, and operating margins of 45% and 47% for the quarter and the year respectively. The fourth quarter's operating margin was adversely impacted by approximately 2% related to the previously mentioned employment-related settlement. Sales bookings growth far outpaced revenue growth in Q4. This was driven by a combination of the 37 seven and eight figure deals which were closed in the quarter, eight of which were enterprise agreements, as well as an increase in software license sales and solid maintenance renewals. These factors all contributed to deferred revenue and backlog of $638 million, representing a new record high and a 26.5% growth as compared to Q4 of 2015. This puts us in a very good position as we head into 2017. Recurring revenue for the year was a healthy 74%, higher than the 2015, and on a larger revenue base. The company's consistent ability to maintain a solid base of recurring revenue is one of the hallmarks of our business model. We reported operating cash flow of $357 million for the year, and we ended the year with total cash and short-term investments of $823 million. We closed 2016 with a total of 3.7 million shares repurchased at a cost of $336 million, leaving 1.3 million shares in the authorized pool. And as you saw in last night's announcement, the board renewed our commitment to continue to return capital to our stockholders by increasing the authorized share repurchase program back to 5 million shares. Now let me spend a moment on our outlook. We've initiated our outlook for Q1, with non-GAAP revenue in the range of $237 million to $246 million, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.81 to $0.85. With respect to fiscal year 2017, we're updating our November outlook to factor in movements in currency, particularly the weakening of the Japanese yen. This translates to non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1.10 billion to $1.45 billion, and non-GAAP EPS of $3.63 to $3.83. We are targeting a non-GAAP gross profit margin of approximately 88% to 89% for the quarter and the year, and non-GAAP operating margins of 45% to 46% for Q1 and 46% to 47% for 2017. Before we move to Q&A, let me offer some brief commentary around trends in our licensing model. For 46 years, ANSYS has been committed to offering our customers a range of options to fit their licensing preferences. With 45,000 global customers, there is no one size fits all. Our history of growing these customer relationships over decades has shown that this flexibility helps to shorten sales cycles and to drive adoption of our platform and broad portfolio of solutions. In the past year, we've seen both an increasing preference in certain markets for time-based licenses as well as an increase in enterprise agreements among our larger customers. In the short-term, our flexible licensing model may create variability in our results due to variances in revenue recognition. However, over the long-term, we are confident that we will continue to achieve growth in revenue, sales bookings, deferred revenue and backlog, and most importantly, customer relationships that we can continue to grow for years to come. Further details around specific currency rates and other key assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q1 and fiscal year 2017 are contained in the prepared remarks document. So Andrea, I'll now suggest that we can open up the phone lines to take some questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Anil Doradla of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: All right. Good morning, Ajei, and welcome to the company and your first earnings call.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: I had a couple of questions. Well, let's open up with the backlog and deferred, good job on that. If I look at the short-term deferred and backlog, it just went up by $58 million, but if I take the longer term in consideration, that's almost $150 million. Now I compare this with your full year guidance, in absolute dollars that's about $20 million to $50 million increase from 2016. So the question is, I mean why is the guidance not higher? Are you just being conservative or is there a degree of caution in converting some of the backlogs?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: So, Anil, I'll take that. I would say at this point in time, there is, as you can imagine, given the size of some of these deals, some volatility around the timing of the closing of those. We've got a healthy pipeline as we head into 2017, but we are being a little cautious given that Rick is new to the scene and we're working our way through some of the transformations in the sales organization. So, we feel good about the pipeline. We feel good about the opportunity, but we're also being cautious, given how early in the year it is.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Good. Ajei, you talked about mixed execution on sales on Europe, you're taking some steps. Can you just elaborate on it a little bit more?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Sure. So, there are couple of things that I highlighted in my comments. One is, we've made some leadership changes in the European sales organization, which we felt will improve our ability to execute. The second is with respect to how we were going to market. And before we had somewhat of a mix go-to-market strategy. To give you an example, we had the leader who was responsible for Germany also being responsible for the Nordics. And as a result, that was dissipating his efforts across both Germany and the Nordics, and Germany of course being a very strong economy and the Nordics being a little bit smaller, he was being pulled in two different directions. So what we've done as a result of the go-to-market, as I described is, we've essentially separated out the UK, France and Germany as key regions with leaders who are focused on that. Germany is of course including Switzerland and Austria, so we've got a key set of leaders focused on those areas and then we've taken the other smaller economies and we've grouped them together in a couple of regions, where we've coupled and linked like geos together. So we feel that that will significantly improve and streamline our ability to execute and focus our team on the thing that's most important. And then finally the last point is, with respect to channels, we're really making an investment in indirect channels. If you look at our performance in Asia, you'll see that we delivered double-digit growth in our indirect channel, and we've made some investments in channels last year. So we're trying to make investments in channel, in the channel in Europe, and you'll see the results of that as we start to execute through the year.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. And if you don't mind me squeezing in one last one, with the departure of Walid, are you going to fill up a product position or are you just going to keep it as is?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, Walid is leaving on the 1 of May and I'll have a plenty of time between now and then to work with the product team under Walid. And as I said in my comments, these are very seasoned executives. These are not uniquely technologists. These are people who understand how to run a P&L and they have an enormous amount of experience between them. So I am looking forward to working much more closely with them. As you know or as you might know from my background, I am a product guy for many years and I believe I can bring a different perspective to the table and I'm looking forward to working with these guys on product roadmaps, bringing the customer perspective into the roadmap and also thinking about the longer-term strategy of the business. So this will give me a good opportunity to get my hands on into the details. Just as I did with the sales organization before Rick came on board and I believe that four-month period when I was running the sales organization gave me a really good insight into what was happening in sales. And so I am looking forward to spending some more time with the product team.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. And great job on the backlog and deferred revenue guidance.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Monika Garg of Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First, we've seen recent M&A in simulation space in last 12 months, Siemens, Dassault, Hexagon, all bought companies. So the question is, are you seeing an increased competition in the space?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So the question is, are we seeing an increased competition in the space as a result of the M&A. Well, what's happening is, when I look at our product portfolio and you look at what customers are looking for, I believe we have the strongest product portfolio in the industry for what we do. We address some of the key challenges that customers are having in the area of simulation. We provide the most – the best accuracy and the most effective, I believe solver technology in the industry and so that remains a constant. In many cases, you find technologies that were previously competing with us in the marketplace now under a different roof and we haven't really seen that – we don't really see that making a tremendous amount of impact on our business.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. Then one for Maria. Well, your cash flow from operation is actually down two years in a row. I mean, given that your operating income is growing, why would that be the case? And then maybe I missed it, but have you provided cash flow from operation guidance for 2017? Thanks a lot.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: So, Monika, I would say, Q4, if you look at Q4, there is really a significant factor relative to cash flow that was negatively impacted by three days of DSO, as it relates to the larger deals, which were highly backend loaded. So, we did not get the benefit of about $9 million worth of cash flow, which we had modeled into our outlook for Q4. And for the full year, in 2016 versus 2015, we did have about $11 million of incremental tax payment. So those are the two key factors relative to cash flow swings in Q4 and for the full year. We have updated our cash flow outlook to factor in, not only the changes in currency since we last guided, but also the restructuring and the settlement. So we are suggesting cash flow of $360 million to $380 million for fiscal year 2017 at this time.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. I'd like to ask about your bookings results and what your expectations might be by end market or vertical. Based on the data that you provided last night on a trailing 12 month basis, we could see that certainly for Q4 and for the year, you had particularly strong results in the semiconductor market after having had a number of quarters of fairly weak bookings in semis. And similarly you had quite strong results in aero and defense, which was pretty consistently strong throughout the year. So, I guess, a couple of questions there. How are you thinking about growth by vertical in terms of your 2017 outlook, particularly given what might be tough comps for you in semis and A&D in 2016? And were any of the ELAs, or any of the large deals in Q4 business that might otherwise have been done in 2017, particularly the semi business, were any of those, let's say, early EDA multiyear renewals?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: So, Jay, let me just talk – I'll take the numbers piece and then I'll let Ajei take some of the qualitative commentary. So, you're correct in what you commented on relative to the strength, particularly in semis and aerospace and defense. The semis, none of those were early renewals, many of them were renewals that were in the pipeline and were slated to close. The good news is that with the addition of some of the technology that we have added into our semiconductor business unit, that bodes well, we believe, for continued growth in that aspect of our business. And as we look at the pipeline heading into 2017 as it currently exists, I think you'll see continued growth in those segments and we are also hopeful that some of the investments that we've made around the new initiatives in auto will continue to yield increased growth as we make our way through 2017.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. And then just to give you some perspective on the qualitative from a business perspective, if you think about the semis, as our customers are moving to advanced process nodes like 16-nanometer and below, the designs as you know are becoming significantly more complex and that will drive the need for more simulation and frankly that drives more seeds of our products. And especially when you start thinking about 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer, that's especially the case. So we see that's a natural driver for incremental demand for our offerings. Also as you see, complex process is moving from the mobile space into new applications like autonomous vehicles, those systems require tremendous amounts of computing resources. They are creating power and thermal challenges, they require advanced multiphysics simulation and that's right up our sweet spot, that's exactly what we can do and we can help in this multi-domain simulation of the chip package system that's essential for those systems. So that's again going to drive more simulation. And then finally, as traditional systems companies are moving into custom silicon, we see the opportunity as well for our technologies to continue grow. So that's in the semiconductor space. And of course, we talked about some of the others briefly, but Maria mentioned automotive, there, self-driving vehicles or ADAS is a big driver, and we see significant opportunity there. Let me give you a very quick anecdote. One of the CEO's of a large automotive company predicted that to get a car, vehicle to be tested for self-driving capabilities completely certified, it would need about nine billion miles of road tests, to test every possible scenario and nine billion miles of road testing is simply not practical. And if you think about that challenge, the only way in which you could get that certification is by simulating some of that, and that requires simulation across the entire portfolio, its mechanical, its electronics, its semiconductors, the entire portfolio comes to play, including of course embedded software, because these devices are essentially supercomputers on wheels now. So we see a very strong opportunity across some of these verticals.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: For you, Ajei, let me ask you a technical follow-up, a product follow-up. One of the most interesting announcements the company made last year was around your SeaScape architecture, which was originally intended in support of your EDA products, but you've also committed to rewriting or porting your other physics products onto that new platform to deal with what are increasingly significant data infrastructure and data handling issues across simulation physics. So the question is, are you in fact this year going to get those new non-EDA products onto the new platform as you had indicated you would do? And then lastly, the company has had a long time commitment to increasing its percentage of revenues invested in sales and marketing, R&D and also to grow your services business proportionately. Are all of those still your commitments?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So lot of questions. So let me start with the – let me start with your commentary about the big data architectures that we've talked about. As you rightly note, we started off with SeaHawk and SeaScape in the semiconductor space. We've had some good response from customers, and the idea there of course is with the increasing complexity of data and the analytics involved, you need a different way of thinking about your design and think – the different way of addressing the challenges that manufacturers and chip typically had. And so that's why the architecture helps, and as I said, we've seen some initial traction. It's of course early days yet. We have ongoing development as we think about how this architecture would move to the other physics. We have ongoing development, but we will keep you posted and updates will follow on that space. It's obviously an area of tremendous amount of excitement for us. The second with respect to sales and marketing and product. As you know, we are trying to be, and as I mentioned in our prepared comments, we went through – we're going through realignment this quarter. We've announced, so that we can free up resources and investment capacity to focus on those areas that we think are most important and that includes elements of sales and marketing, that includes some product areas, and that also includes some investments in infrastructure.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next questioner is Ken Talanian of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Ken Talanian - Evercore Group LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Looking at your investor presentation for the fourth quarter, it looks like 2016 finished up with about a 8% organic growth. I was wondering if you could give us a sense for your expectations for organic growth over the next couple of years?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: So Ken, we'll just stick with 2017 for now, because we've got a lot of moving parts as you know, and we're also dealing with longer term the impact of the change in software recognition, software revenue recognition that we and many of our software brethren are working through right now. If you take a look at 2017, right now, we are booking at, for the full year, 4% to 8% and that 6% is the midpoint, and we are looking for about 8% at the midpoint for Q1, given the I'll call it, health and momentum that we have coming off a strong Q4, as well as what we will admit is a relatively weaker comp. So that's kind of the outlook that we'll give you currently and we will continue to update on out years as we prepare for Investor Day in September where we'll be rolling out our strategy and some metrics that we believe will be in a position to share with all of you relative to the longer term aspects of the business model.
Ken Talanian - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, great. And then also I was wondering, could you give us the sense of how your partnerships with PTC and GE on the IoT side have impacted your sales process if at all?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, the business model around areas like digital twin and so on are still, I would say, being developed by the industry. The opportunity is obviously enormous, because if you think about the digital twin space, which goes to the Internet of Things, the opportunity there is of course to be able to create a digital doppelganger, if you will, of every single product that's out there in the market place, and every instance of a product and get real-time analytics – do real-time analytics, not just statistical analytics, but to do real-time physics against those models to know what's happening for that particular instance of that particular product. And so, that expands the use of simulation dramatically. And I think the industry is still trying to understand what and how this business model is going to look like as it evolves. But the good news for us of course is that, as you think about the Internet of Things, there is an element which collects information and brings it back in and then, of course, there is some statistical analysis that people do around machine learning. But I believe that one of the most important things there is the actual physics simulation, is to take that information and to figure out what's going on exactly. And that means, if you have sensor information that's perhaps remote, using that remote sensor information to do a physics model and understand what's happening for example in the details or the insights of a particular component where you may have no sensors. And so I feel that we have, in simulation have an extremely strong position in this developing business model in this developing economy, but of course, that's still work in progress.
Ken Talanian - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, thanks. Hi, guys. Wanted to start with the long-term backlog. I think this is the biggest jump I've seen in the long-term backlog and multi-year deals. Can you give us a sense or more detail around what drove it, maybe what the average duration of those contracts look like? And when they come back through revenue, are they going to come back through as paid up or lease?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. There were some longer-term contracts in there, but those are frankly mostly three-year contracts and most of them show up as lease revenue. And so, obviously, they come in and they convert to revenue over a multi-year period.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, can you give us a little bit more detail on the realignment. How many employees were actually let go, maybe some sense of the areas, and how you plan on rehiring and where they'll get layered in?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. So Sterling, Q4 impacted approximately 20 employees. The total as you saw from our announcement is approximately 4% during the course of the entire realignment, which we are currently planning to the majority to take place in Q1, some to take perhaps a little bit longer into Q2. It touched all parts of the organization in all geographies, and we are looking to redeploy, as Ajei said, I'll say three key areas. One around some of the product opportunities as we see areas like additive manufacturing, digital twin, IoT, and even some of our core products. Sales and sales operations and infrastructure, all the areas that we believe that we need to invest in to be able to drive not only higher growth in long-term, but be able to really scale the business from $1 billion to $2 billion.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question...
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. On the go-to-market side to add to what Maria said, also investments on technical sales and also in channel and sales enablement.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks so much for taking my questions, one for Ajei and one for Maria. So, Ajei, just obviously, you're making some tactical changes here, you've added Rick, you got the sales changes in Europe and now you're going through some sort of resource reallocations. I was just curious about, now you've been in the CEO role for a little while. What are the strategic things you're looking at. I'm just curious whether it's delivery models, whether it's pricing? I wondered if you could shed any early light on some of the strategic things you're thinking about?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. I've been in the CEO role since January 1 and until that time, I was spending a fair amount of time with the sales organization, of course, prior to Rick ramping up. I am obviously working with my leadership team. I've been spending a fair amount of time thinking through, of course, the long-term strategy for the business. I've been spending time with customers to understand where they are going. I've been talking to partners to understand what their thinking is. So for me there is a lot of data gathering and there is obviously some short-term decisions that we made, which are pretty obvious with respect to some of the tactical executions that you've talked about along the number of different dimensions. Our expectation is to continue to work through the strategic direction for the company. We're not – I don't see any major strategic change in direction at this point of time, but we will be getting back to you on Investor Day, which I believe is on September 14 of this year, and we'll be in a position to have a more fulsome conversation about our long-term view of the business, about product strategies, about business strategies, business models, et cetera, and I think that will give us the opportunity to have a pretty detailed conversation at that time.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And one just – thank you. One follow-up for Maria. I think Sterling sort of asked this, but just to be precise, if I look at the long-term backlog, I wondered if we compared the long-term backlog at the end of 2016 versus end of 2015, do you have weighted average duration of that backlog? I was just curious to – whether it's consistent one year versus the next? Thanks.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Ross, I don't have that currently off the top of my head, but I would suggest that this year, given the number of enterprise agreements, it is probably slightly higher than it was a year ago, given that last year at this time, we had only closed a handful of those. So I would suggest the duration is slightly up from a year ago.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Saket Kalia of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks. Thanks for taking my questions here and Ajei, of course, welcome to your first full call as CEO.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I had a question just on longer-term product strategy and just kind of zeroing on one aspect of it. Historically, ANSYS has talked about simplifying the tools to appeal through your broader TAM and again, realizing it's early, again January 1, kind of taking the seed, how are you just thinking about broader democratization of simulation?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So, I see, when I look at our – when I look at the market, I think that there is a – there are probably three legs is the way I'm thinking about it to the stool. One is the traditional use of simulation by engineers, by analysts and we see an enormous amount of opportunity there as we start to talk about things like ADAS. As we look at our semiconductor business and so on and so forth, there is enormous amounts of opportunity there and we've talked about some of that. We see as purely incremental to our current business, we see as opportunity of moving upstream to address a new audience which is essentially the designer market. We see that as incremental upside. We've invested in this space. We are now with ANSYS 18. We have the third generation of a product in the space called AIM and it takes time to mature a product, but I think at this point, we have a product that meets the needs for a simulation market that's upstream of our existing install base. And then of course as you look downstream, I see the opportunity around digital twin that we've already articulated. So, absolutely, there's an opportunity and we have activities underway there. We see that as being incremental. We see the downstream opportunities around digital twin as being incremental and we see our core business as being with all of the changes that are taking place in the industry, we see our core businesses as being stronger than ever.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's great. Just for my follow-up, maybe for Maria. Maria, could you just talk about current bookings growth this quarter? And of course, we all saw and appreciate I think the healthy big deal activity. I think you said seven $10 million-plus type of deals. How would you normalize that current bookings growth, if at all, for what some might argue sort of lumpy business, because that was significantly higher than what you had last year. So how do you sort of think about current bookings, maybe on a normalized basis, if that makes sense?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. So current bookings growth was around 12%, 13% in constant currency. Probably for full year 2016, bookings growth was 6%. I would anticipate for 2017 based on everything that we're modeling right now, it will be slightly higher than that.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Velkavrh of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Jason Velkavrh - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you and thanks for taking my questions. First question I have, you signed eight ELAs in the period, which is very impressive, but more about the previous 10 customers that have been on ELA for a bit longer. I was wondering if you can give any color on how those customers are extending usage of ANSYS within their organizations?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. I can tell you that there actually were two of those customers who had previously signed deals, who either decided to extend the initial deal or have added incremental technology to their deployment. So it's still early in the game, but we are very excited about the opportunity that engaging with our customers at this level provides us relative to insight and also, I'll call it, knowledge relative to other customers that, as they work their way through tool consolidation and some of the challenges they have around their new growth initiatives relative to taking our story and our broad portfolio to help them through those transitions that they're going through.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: And to add to what Maria is saying, our strategy for enterprise agreements is not just simply a fire and forget, where we consummate a deal, complete a deal, and then move on. It's really building an ongoing relationship with the customer, and this obviously as Maria pointed to, with the couple of deals that we've talked about, this translates into a long-term relationship that they can, they feel like we're a partner, we're able to work with them. And I think that's very helpful. In some cases, we have people onsite, in some cases we have ongoing business reviews. So there are a number of different mechanisms that we use to make sure that we have that ongoing relationship both at the strategic level as well as at the operational level with the people who are using our technologies.
Jason Velkavrh - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you. And then my next question is about AEC or ANSYS Cloud product, I think the last update you gave there was a 50-customer pilot in place. I was just hoping you can give an update on, where you are with that product, where those customers are at their usage, and if more folks are using that product at this point?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. I mean we've had tremendous feedback on the product, and obviously we have customers who have been using it. It continues to be an area that I think is still developing, and we'll be in a position to share more strategy around our cloud and the cloud direction, when we get together in the September timeframe.
Jason Velkavrh - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Koenig of Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Good morning, Ajei and Maria. Thanks for taking my questions.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: So congrats on the strong quarter. I wanted to circle back to the last question on cloud briefly. I realize you are not in a position to talk about your products yet, but maybe just some color here, remind us the 50-beta customers, are they on, is that your multi-tenant product or is that, or is the multi-tenant still under development? And just more generally, how do you think of where you stand in cloud right now versus your competition and what you need to do kind of strategically in cloud?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. So, what we have right now is, this is not our multitenant product, that's still under development. And that's an area of frankly where I plan to spend a little bit more time with the development organizations to go through the cloud plans in some detail. As you know, I have a pretty strong background in that space and I think that the cloud is going to be very important for us in a number of different dimensions both from a licensing perspective as well as from a business model perspective, and I think that there is some usability and scalability challenges that we can address. So, I feel pretty good about the strategic direction, but again, as I said, this is an area where as we make this transition to multitenant, this is an area where we're doing more work and I'll be in a position to share more details with you guys when we talk about this at Investor Day in September.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. Got it. Thank you. Quick one for Maria. Maria, what are you assuming in your 2017 guidance for ELAs? What are you targeting there? I think you did 18 in this last year, so what are you looking at going forward? And then how should we expect those to grow over time maybe more generally as well?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. So I would say, it's early and we sat down with Rick and his team and reviewed the health of the pipeline. Currently, I would say a good target would be somewhere in the – similar to this year, 18 perhaps 20 at the high end range, and we believe that those will grow, at least on a bookings basis over time in double-digits just given the extreme opportunity to not only increase the number of users, but also to deploy increased applications of our technology across the broader base across those enterprise customers.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Very good. Well, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Karlsson of Bodenholm Capital. Please go ahead.
Erik Karlsson - Bodenholm Capital AB: Thanks for taking my question. ANSYS has historically created tremendous shareholder value through capital allocation, mostly via acquisitions, primarily building out the multiphysics offering. Ajei, I would love to hear your thoughts on capital allocation going forward, given that the balance sheet is quite strong, which is a great thing. How do you look at the opportunity to create further value via the balance sheet?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: I mean, obviously, we're going to look at all opportunities that are available to us and, I mean, your point about M&A, M&A is certainly one of the opportunities that's ahead of us. As you may know, I've had some experience in driving M&A and I've seen the transformative opportunity that can be created by doing the right M&A. But I want to be thoughtful and make sure that we do the right M&A. But obviously as you know, the wrong deal can have a very negative impact on an organization. So absolutely, M&A is something that we continue to look at and we will continue to look at. We see some opportunities and we will keep you posted as we think this through.
Erik Karlsson - Bodenholm Capital AB: If we look at the – because ANSYS generates very strong cash flow, as a follow-up then, if we look at the cash flow generated over the next year or two, do you think it's most likely that you can deploy it in M&A?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: That would be our number one preference. However, to Ajei's point as you highlighted earlier, we've been extremely successful in creating long-term shareholder value because we were selective relative to how the M&A targets that we added to our portfolio really aligned with the future needs and directions of our customers. So, we are continuing to solicit inputs from not only our field and our customers around which would be the appropriate assets that we continue to differentiate off. And in the short-term, in the absence of significant M&A, we will continue to redeploy capital back to the shareholders through our share repurchase activity. But, we are committed to continue to take a look at opportunities for M&A that we'll continue to distinguish our portfolio from other offerings.
Erik Karlsson - Bodenholm Capital AB: Very good. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Bersey of MUFG. Please go ahead.
Stephen Bersey - MUFG Securities America, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Hey. As you step up your investments back into the business, whether it's on products or operations, I'm just wondering how we should think about the potential impact on operating margins and the balancing act that you mentioned that you'd like to walk. So just a philosophy on that.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. So, Steve, one of our problems is not our operating profit margins, relative to trying to expand them. We've taken a step back as part of our annual planning process and with Ajei coming in and having perhaps some different perspectives from his experience at other enterprise providers, and we made a conscious decision this year when we went out with our early outlook in November to at least reduce the margin by a point to 46% and then to also take on the realignment in recognition that we needed to make some improvements in our own business to allow us to fund areas that we believe are higher growth opportunities or have unfortunately been perhaps impediments to our growth. So, as I said, we are looking to maintain our industry leading margins. For this year, we're guiding for the full-year to 46% and our ability to stay at 46% is going to be dependent on really the pace of hiring in the remaining quarters and some of the initiatives that we currently have underway that we've already redeployed some of those dollars too.
Stephen Bersey - MUFG Securities America, Inc.: Great. And with the cloud subscriptions going on in the industry, there has been a few data points out there where vendors are having some flexibility to raise maintenance price as we've seen that, in particular Autodesk is saying that that's how they are going to press people on to the client. I'm just wondering how you guys are looking at your maintenance fees that you're charging and if you're seeing the opportunities for potentially boosting that up?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, I think, right now we have no significant or we have no increases that are assumed in our plan for this year as far as maintenance is concerned. So it's pretty much what we've been doing in the past is what we'll continue to do. So there is no change in the business model assumed in this year's guidance.
Stephen Bersey - MUFG Securities America, Inc.: So, do you look at them as reasonably fair or do you see some opportunity on the upside potential?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: So, we're around 20% maintenance. We think that's a – in the short-term, that's what we've been planning for this year. Obviously, as we start to think about different offerings and different capabilities that we are planning that might have an impact, but that's still in the future as we think about the nature of our portfolio going forward. And, again, I think we'll be in a position to share some more insight into strategically where we're going and that might have some more context here in the September timeframe.
Stephen Bersey - MUFG Securities America, Inc.: Thanks. That's helpful.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ajei Gopal for any closing remarks.
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you, Andrea. So I believe that ANSYS has a huge opportunity ahead. With ANSYS 18, our next step in making pervasive engineering simulation a reality, we brought to market a feature rich release that continues a long track record of providing the best simulation solutions in the market. I'm excited by our performance in Q4, I'm excited by our momentum early in 2017 and I'm looking forward to seeing the impact of the operational changes that we've made and that we will continue to make. And with that, I'd like to close by saying thank you to our customers, my ANSYS colleagues and our longstanding partners. And I want to thank you for listening in today. I look forward to our next call. Enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-03 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc. Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc. Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ken Talanian - Evercore Group LLC Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC Shateel Alam - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Erik Karlsson - Bodenholm Capital AB Gal Munda - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom)
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ANSYS Third Quarter 2016 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. With us today are Mr. Jim Cashman, Chief Executive Officer; Ajei Gopal, President and COO; and Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Cashman for some opening remarks.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Okay. Good morning and thank you everyone for joining us to discuss our third quarter and the year-to-date financial results. But as always, before we get started I will introduce Maria Shields, our CFO, for our Safe Harbor statement. So Maria?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks documents have been posted on the home page of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all of the key financial information and supportive data relative to quarter and year-to-date financial results and our business update as well as our current Q4 fiscal year 2016 and preliminary fiscal year 2017 outlook and our key underlying assumptions. I would like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance, as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. And as you heard, Ajei Gopal, our President and COO, has joined us on the call this morning. Ajei will be providing some comments during the prepared remarks session of the call. And then we ask participants please to direct their business related questions to Jim and myself. So, Jim, I'll turn the call back to you.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Maria. So, after I provide a recap of the Q3 results that the team achieved, I'll turn the call over to Ajei for some introductory comments as this is his first call as part of the ANSYS team. After which, then, Maria will provide an update on the financial highlights and our outlook for the balance of this year and our preliminary outlook for 2017. So, with that being said, let's see. For Q3, we reported consolidated non-GAAP revenue of $246 million with solid revenue growth in Germany, Japan, China and Taiwan counteracted by some pockets of weakness in North America and Europe. Revenue growth for the quarter was impacted by an increase in our lease business which grew at 7% in constant currency. This is in line with our comments from recent calls. The shift in customer preference from paid-up to lease was most pronounced in the U.S. and Japan, where we both saw right around a 10% growth in constant currency in our lease business in the third quarter. This shift to lease is in line with our comments from the recent calls we've made as I mentioned. And with this in mind, perpetual revenue was down due to this shift but it was also heavily influenced by consideration of, if you recall from our last third quarter call, we had a significant perpetual deal in North America, it was actually over $7 million. And it didn't repeat itself this year, obviously, and we actually alerted to that. But excluding that single transaction, the perpetual business for the quarter was relatively flat when compared to last year's third quarter. From an industry perspective, aerospace, defense, automotive, healthcare and biomed performed well while energy and the materials and chemical processing sectors continued to lag. Importantly, our recurring revenue base continued to be very strong at 76% of total revenue for the quarter and year-to-date. In addition with the deepening of relationships with our major accounts and the growth of our lease business, we continue to see a strong balance of deferred revenue and backlog resulting in a Q3 record high of $485 million. And that's 11% higher than Q3 of last year. Again, this growth in deferred is a positive result of the shift to lease that we've been seeing. Now, in the third quarter, we had 20 customers with orders over $1 million including one customer with cumulative orders of over $10 million for the quarter and these 20 customers compare to 18 customers over $1 million in Q3 of last year. And that's what's happening at the high end, but we also at the SMB perspective saw an 8% increase quarter-to-quarter in the number of new logos that were added in. Now, part of this improvement is from some new channel partners, particularly in Asia that we've added, as well as some good early results from our newly introduced start-up program. Non-GAAP gross and operating margins for the third quarter were a little bit over 89% and 49% respectively which were above our expected range, and that was driven by a combination of our own third quarter spending seasonality, but also, our continued efforts around cost discipline. Non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.95 or a 6% improvement over the $0.90 that were achieved in the prior year period and was actually $0.01 above the high end of our guidance range. Operating cash flow for the third quarter was approximately $82 million. Basically, and also, I'd say continuing our commitment to return capital to shareholders, we repurchased 1.2 million shares during the quarter and that makes it 2.7 million shares year-to-date. Now, also, those are the numbers, but during the quarter, we had some other notable accomplishments, which I'd like to highlight. First was the August release of ANSYS 17.2 and it basically just continues to offer this steady stream, a wealth of new functionality, including enhanced multiphysics coupling, new workflows, particularly for things like antenna design and things related to the Internet of Things. The latest version of the ANSYS portfolio also enables engineers to combine advanced simulation technology across physics to address complex engineering challenges inherent in today's smart and connected products. And on top of this, of course, we continue that common theme of continued ease of use to bring this to a much broader audience. So, if you visit our website, you can get a lot more details on this release and other updates, but when you do hit this website, one thing you might note is the increasing opportunity for ANSYS in systems. And as we continue expanding our leading simulation software platform, it's important to include capabilities that manage and streamline complex system engineering processes. And in light of this, you might have also noticed that we announced this morning the acquisition of medini Technologies. Now, this is a Berlin-based leading provider of system safety analysis solutions. So, medini brings a world class engineering team of course as well as solutions for system safety analysis, reliability engineering and quality management. Now, its flagship solution, medini analyze implements core functionality, safety analysis activities and they integrate them within their customer's existing work flows. This is especially important in the automotive industry where medini really has been widely deployed, it's gotten its start. So, I mean, just imagine the systems and security issues surrounding all these new trends toward autonomously driven vehicles and drones, just for example, and you'll get an idea of what this has in the design of overall comprehensive products. With our strength in electronics and aerospace, we're also very well to expand the usage into those industries as well to help customers in those other global industries innovate their products probably in ways that they really had never envisioned. So, as you're also aware, we're going through a managed CEO transition and its part of a comprehensive multilevel initiative to help ANSYS realize opportunities over the next 20 years. So, I've come to know and admire Ajei as a fellow director and I have no doubt that his outstanding leadership and his unique perspectives and appreciation for the ANSYS culture, people, and organizations make him the right choice to serve as our next leader during this next phase. So, as I move to the chairman role, it's been a pretty darn smooth transition process. So, in keeping with that, I'd like to now welcome Ajei to the call and have him maybe provide some commentary around his first couple of months here as part of the ANSYS team and some of the operational priorities that he, his team and all of us will be working on. So, Ajei?
Ajei S. Gopal - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I'm actually delighted to be here. I've been President and Chief Operating Officer here at ANSYS for about two years. I had a running start after over five years of tenure on the board of directors of ANSYS, and I've continued to learn more and more as I interact with employees, with customers and with partners. I am more excited than ever to be with the company. Jim's vision and his tremendous leadership have set a high bar, indeed, and I am committed to building on this base of excellence. With new opportunities in big data, in the Internet of Things, in additive manufacturing and in the cloud, to name a few, ANSYS will push the boundaries of innovation to help customers solve their most complex design challenges and also to broaden the use of simulation. I look forward to meeting with you in the next weeks and months to come as we at ANSYS continue to define the future of simulation. Now, from an operational perspective, let me update you on a few key initiatives underway. We are continuing our search for a new global head of sales. We are working with a leading search firm and interviews are under way. We have spoken to a number of highly qualified and seasoned candidates who have strong global sales experience, operational rigor and enterprise account skills. All of these attributes are very important as we continue to drive the productivity of our global sales force and build the operational foundation to grow and scale the business. We will provide an update as soon as the search process is completed. We are also in the midst of our annual planning process and working through all of the detailed plans relative to products, go-to-market strategies, pricing, hiring and other critical investment areas for 2017. We will share more of those details on the February call when the plan is finalized. Finally, we went live on the first phase of our planned migration of our legacy CRM platform to a more modern sales force automation platform. This is another important step in a multi-phase project to update our business infrastructure and processes. This will give us better visibility into our sales pipeline, it will improve our sales forecasting, and it will support the future growth of our business. And I want to thank the ANSYS team involved in driving this important initiative. I look forward to updating you on our final year-end results and providing further details on our hiring, and our business progress and on our 2017 growth initiatives on the next call at the end of February. I will now turn the call over to Maria to discuss our fourth quarter 2016 and our preliminary 2017 outlook. Maria?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Ajei. As we outlined in this morning's press release, we've initiated our outlook for Q4 starting with non-GAAP revenue in the range of $263 million to $272 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.94 to $0.99. With respect to our previous guidance for fiscal year 2016, we've narrowed the revenue range and factored in the Q3 results. This translates to our updated outlook of non-GAAP revenue in the range of $981 million to $990 million and non-GAAP EPS of $3.59 to $3.64. Our guidance for Q4 reflects a number of assumptions based upon our current view of the business. These include a continuation of the existing overall macro environment in which we and some of our key customers will continue to experience growth or the business challenges in certain geographies. These situations may lead to delays in closing larger transactions or for long sale cycles. An increasing mix shift towards leases, particularly in our most mature markets in the U.S. and Japan. This trend is accentuated by the closing of additional enterprise agreements which, while expanding our relationships with key customers, are having the effect of shifting near-term revenues out over the term of the agreement. And continued weakness in certain parts of Europe particularly in the UK, Russia, and France, as well as in South Korea, and in the state-owned enterprise sector in China. The latter due to naturally occurring buying cycles in the Chinese government's five-year plan. Taking all of this and our current planning efforts into consideration, our preliminary guidance for fiscal year 2017 is non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1.02 billion to $1.06 billion, and non-GAAP EPS of $3.67 to $3.89. As Ajei mentioned earlier, we are still in the process of working through all the details of our 2017 operating plan, but for now, we are assuming no significant changes either way in the overall macro climate as we exit 2016 and head into early 2017. This is our preliminary high level view and we will be in a position to share more of the details with you in February as we finish up 2016 and the 2017 plan is actually finalized. But at a very high level, our guidance assumes a slight reduction in operating margins for 2017 due to planned increased investments in R&D initiatives in the areas of cloud, big data and systems. Investments in sales and channel enablement and some necessary company infrastructure. We are also assuming a slightly higher tax rate in the range of 33% to 34%. That's a result of ongoing benefits associated with some entity structuring activities that we accomplished in 2016 that are expected to be lower in 2017. And lastly, our 2017 preliminary outlook does factor in the impact of the medini acquisition that we announced this morning. Further details around specific currency rates and other key assumptions that have been factored in to our Q4 2016 and fiscal year 2017 guidance are contained in the prepared remarks that we posted on our Investor Relations front page earlier this morning. So, with that, operator, we'll now open up the lines to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We please ask that you limit yourself to one one-part question and one brief follow-up question. Also, please direct questions to Jim and Maria. At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. The first question comes today from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Hi, guys. So, during this transit...
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Hello, Sterling.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hello. So, during this transition with the head of sales, is there any other either sales management or sales rep turnover that could also be contributing to some of the weakness that you saw in bookings and business?
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, no. Sterling, we're – it's pretty stable beyond that level. So, nothing beyond that kind of like the normal movements in the sales organization. Now, that being said, we are going to be looking as both Maria and Ajei mentioned. We've already started to see some positive upticks from the ELA and the major account initiatives, those large orders that we alluded to earlier. We've also talked about at the lower level. Now that requires – we've been encouraged by those results that requires some, a slightly different investment that Maria signaled on there. But we want to be prepared for that because it is starting to pick up at the low end, too. And quite frankly, the enterprise sales motion versus the transactional one is a little bit different. And of course, that being said, as we continue to evolve that, as we have for the last decade, we'll continue to assess all levels and activities of the sales team and continue on. If you look at it, there's a couple of other things where I'd say is that we're going to continue, as we've seen, we've seen some positive movement in the channel activity, and we're going to continue to further that not only strengthening our existing channels but adding additional channels, particularly in those developing areas in there. And then, quite frankly, there's a number of other different initiatives. So, I guess maybe in those – even apart from the channel in Asia, there are some other opportunities that have been looking pretty favorable for us there. So, it's going to be a continual building in terms of preparing to harvest that opportunity.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then the one follow-up would be given that you're going through the management transition of CEO, head of sales, you already have a significant part of the business that's lease. You have the new start-up program where you're trying to make it less expensive for start-ups to get into the simulation area. Any further consideration or thoughts around taking the business much more to a subscription and less off the perpetual, especially following what we've seen with Adobe, Autodesk and now PTC?
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, I think we're going to stay on – well, again, that's something that you continue to evaluate because we still see a lot of people that are still interested in the capital thing. Right now, we're really worried more about the adoption and not creating barriers to adoption. That being said, I mean, some other companies that have really tried to push that model, they've actually seen declines in revenue and the like. And we're not trying to force that one way or the other, but as the market trends pick up, we're definitely seeing that. That had a short term, and you could see the short-term impact that it had on some of the growth rate, but with our higher-lease renewal rates and the growth in the deferred balance, you can also see that we're building up a pretty good base, which over the long term actually adds to the growth potential for us as we have – as business renews versus having to be replaced before growth even starts. So, I mean, we're still – and with that being said, on the perpetual side, our test business has continued. It actually was strong before. It's actually even a little bit stronger than it's been before on that. So, essentially, in our parlance, if you think back to our business model that we put forth about 15, 20 years ago, it was really subscription before subscription was even called that, and that meant a high lease and these enhancement subscriptions to our test. And we've been continuing to see that and that's one reason why we are already pushing up into the upper 70% of recurring base. So, in that respect, we've always had a very strong subscription element. Right now, we want to have the multiple avenues that allow people to adopt because once they adopt our software, it's incredibly sticky and it stays and it normally is growth. Almost every ELA that we've been involved with is part of an ongoing growth with our existing customers. And so, really getting that penetration and getting our footprint in there is one thing we want to do. But that being said, we're very cognizant. We've always been very open. Lease has been a big part. Subscription has been a big part of our model for decades and it will continue to be so. And as the market tends to shift that way, it will move that way. And as cloud starts to become more prevalent in our particular sector, which it's not strongly the way other sectors are, when that happens, we'll be well positioned for that because we already have the software and the investment for that.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ken Talanian - Evercore Group LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I noticed in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that Caterpillar and GE have consolidated simulation on the ANSYS platform. Along with that, I was curious. Is that fully reflected in the financial impact on your numbers? Yeah. I'll start with that.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, I mean, those are examples, but keep in mind those are ones that as companies start to adopt that, they build that, and then from that point forward, it becomes part of the run rate base that we're talking about. So, you'll see it reflected in deferred revenues, you'll probably – actually, in some of those you'll see it also referred in the backlog for those further-out areas. And basically, those have – to my earlier point about ELAs and getting that footprint on these early adoption phases, you picked two customers that have been with us literally for decades. And those were with older generations of the technology, but as we've gotten into this new era, those are a couple of examples of ones and some we can't mention by name. But that's just part of what they're growing up. And what you're seeing there is not only growth in their continual usage of the traditional software, but you're also seeing an enlargement in the portfolio. So, using this broader platform because there is a strong advantage to being able to get multiple tools all working together in concert, particularly as you're trying to get complete systems to be operating.
Ken Talanian - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Now, along those lines, how should we think about your M&A strategy? Are there particular physics where you feel acquisitions would accelerate your competitive position?
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, I'll tell you right now, and this is going to sound like the same thing I've been saying for years, and the fact is M&A is one varied part of our – it's accounted for 25% – a third of our growth over the last 15, 20 years. And it is a great way to add additional strong members to our team and also proven solutions in there. So, if you think of it, every one – we have leadership in every one of our individual fields of physics, but each one of them is only a shadow of what it's going to need to be in the next 10 to 15 years, which means we're going to continue to invest on the R&D line internally. We're going to look at ways of augmenting that with external acquisitions. So, every one of our physics can be – is going to be strengthened, whether it's internally or externally and we'll look at the best mix of those things to go on. That being said now, you look at the other initiatives, it's apart from just physics. The proof that we are getting from both our cloud offerings, our platform offerings and overall systems orientation, are areas where we're going to also play. So, every time you hear a buzz word term out there that sometimes almost gets overused, Internet of Things, additive manufacturing, 3D printing, big data, all those things. I mean, sometimes we overuse those throughout our industry, but the fact is there are major customer interest, initiatives and value movements that we can take place on that. So, we're going to continue to move that way and we're also going to be looking for best partners and we've been doing it continually. We always are looking at 20 or 30 companies on a continual basis either for partnerships on a technology standpoint, acquisition, marketing relationships, anything that basically helps get this value to the customer. And I don't see that changing anytime in the near future.
Ken Talanian - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird & Company. Please go ahead.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you very much. Jim, I wonder if you could ask Ajei what his early feedback has been from customers. I'm actually just kidding. In terms of the...
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, he just gave two thumbs up. He just gave two thumbs up, so you get a free question from there, but okay.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Well, okay. Good. It's going well. So, I was just going to ask about ELAs. How many have you done to-date? And when you started the year, you were hoping to maybe get to 15. Can we get an update on what that might look like?
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, to be overly precise, we weren't hoping to get to maybe 15. We were hoping to get to 15. So, if you look at it right now, the scorecard is we actually had eight through the first half. You don't expect many in Q3. It's kind of a sleepy quarter. But we actually had one in Q3, and I'd say we had one that just squeaked out of Q3. And in fact, it's one of the biggest ones that we had. It actually closed in the first week of October. So, you look at that scorecard right now and we're sitting at 10 where Q4 was always considered the big quarter because, A, these are big things. They have major budget impacts, and they have long selling cycles even to established customers. So, in general, and quite frankly, the pipeline looks really good. Now, again, the pipeline looks really – the pipeline is much bigger than five. However, when you have anything this big and this kind of budgetary impact, they may slide a month or two, some of them. So, the pipeline still supports that. And we've got an increasing interest driving there. So, I'll take a breath now, but that's – ELAs, again, at the high end, going very well. As we mentioned, we're just starting to get some traction that we want to propel in the small to medium business. But ELAs, moving right on target, maybe even a little bit ahead of where we thought we'd be.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And as we look out into next year, I'm not looking for exact numbers, but would that be something you would expect to maybe grow from the numbers you're doing this year and what does your guidance assume?
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, we haven't gotten to the guidance on that because quite frankly we're closing out Q4 and we're doing an awful lot of planning. So, even when we give a preliminary look into 2017, we're not giving guidance on 2017, we're giving a preliminary look as we always have. But in general, if you see the pipeline as going up, we also have a pipeline of these for 2017, and the pipeline for those look very encouraging. However, they're at very early stages in the selling cycle, and quite frankly, you have to get through a point where you also know that the customer has not only bought into it conceptually, but they're starting to build it into their budgets and the like, and that kind of information is very premature for us. But pipeline, in terms of sales interest and things of that nature, it's staying on a positive track for us.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Monika Garg of Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks for taking my question. Given you're seeing shift towards the hard leases, going forward, do you think your lease revenue grows maybe double digit and perpetual, is more like flat to maybe down?
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: I don't think we're at that level of precision right now, but for instance, we know that first of all, seeing the leases going up. The lease bookings were like in high-single digits both for the last couple of quarters, and also, in the current period. So, I mean we've seen some positive things there. And keep in mind for – mathematically, for the lease business to grow at that level, given the fact that it's layering on top of accumulated leases of the previous couple decades, it takes a lot of new lease business to move that cumulative base up. So, that's why we've been seeing that. The other thing is when something moves to lease, keep in mind that over a 12-month period that maybe a lease, just rough numbers, is maybe half of the billing of a perpetual, and given the fact that in the current quarter, you only get to recognize like about one-twelfth of that, I mean, so one shift of a perpetual to a lease has a huge impact on the short-term revenue. However, you also see that now that goes into deferred balance and you've seen the double-digit growth in the deferred balance for Q3. So, it takes a little bit of time for a lease shift to move forward into that. And likewise, we're not trying to expand sales cycles by telling people that if they have capital ready to spend that they have to now force it into a period sale, that's one reason why we've tried to let this take its own course which is why we maybe have less disruption than some of the other people trying more significant binary shifts. But we see those things moving up. Now, at that point, keep in mind, once something goes into lease with a high renewal rate, you have the basis of – if we sold a perpetual this year before we could show growth in perpetual next year, we had to replace what we sold last year and then sell new stuff on top of it. As we move into next year, there's a really high probability that that lease continues to renew, so we're already at ground level there and everything is additive. So, from that standpoint, it allows us to build that up. However, the lease space will take a little bit longer to build up to double digit in keeping with the opportunity, and we still believe that the opportunity is there, but it will take more time to build up because it's layering on top of a huge accumulated base to begin with. I know I threw a lot of stuff at you but it's all related to that. Did that cover it?
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Yes. As a follow-up, generally you have made small tuck-in acquisitions. Would you be interested to enter maybe semi-design verticals? You have product simulation through Apache acquisition (31:45) but would you be interested to enter much wider semi-design media tools market.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: We're interested in all aspects of simulation and anything that allows products to – keep in mind, if you actually divert from any particular target and say, we want to be able to create a complete virtual prototype of a complete system in the computer and put it through its entire duty cycle. You get a feeling of why years ago nobody thought embedded software was important. Well, embedded software is a component in a complete operating system. That's why it makes complete sense. And you see how the work that we did in that actually helped drive our early successes in Internet of Things and the system simulation things. So, that being said, we will be looking at all aspects because every portion of our portfolio, even if it's leading now has to get a lot stronger over the next 10 years. That being said, you started your question by saying the number of – that we're focusing on tech tuck-ins. That just happens to be how it played out over the last couple of years. But if you look at our history, every few years we had some very – we had like every couple of years we might have a significant add-on. And then what we did was we focused on doing a very good job of integrating and really extracting the shareholder value. And just because they don't fall out of the trees on an annual or quarterly basis, we're still always continuing to examine those and we will continue to examine those. So, I would not be – I would not at all be shocked to see some larger transactions. I would not at all be shocked to see a continuation of tech tuck-ins. But it's all part of building toward that strategy. This has always been an exercise in building out our product vision. It's not been an exercise in financial reconstruction.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. Thank you.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: To be very unambiguous.
Operator: The next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning. Let me start, Jim, with a near-term question and then follow up with a longer-term question related to business model and technology. For the nearer term, your bookings in the third quarter were down sequentially from Q2 by a more-than-usual amount when you look at prior years, second to third quarter trends in bookings. Was that, however, more or less what you had anticipated absolute bookings would be? And looking out at least into the fourth quarter, could you talk about how you're thinking about your pipeline specifically for industrial, electronics and auto? And then the follow-up question. Thanks.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Okay. Boy. So, I'm trying to parse down. First of all, I mean, we might be debating small points here, but I wouldn't say, first of all, that it was down more than historical. But secondarily, I would say it was right in line of what we were thinking given the fact of if you take into account things that might have been forecasted as perpetual that came in as lease and probably affected 1% to 1.5% of the growth rate. But if you look at our view of current bookings, and keep in mind we are still committed to coming up with a meaningful annualized contract value, some of those other metrics we've talked about. If you look at it, we were in the high-single digits for current bookings and that's taking into account the reduction in long-term deferred and backlog, and also trying to launder out, if you will, the timing of ELAs. They're just not as predictable since they're relatively new. And by the way, the high-single digits, that was a constant currency number. Also, from the best numbers we have, the lease bookings were also in that high-single digits. So, around the 8% or so. And that's been for about the last two quarters and taking on this concept of the annualized contact value. So, essentially – yeah, but again, these overall bookings in the lease, they've been counteracted partially by some of the paid-up shifts and that's actually been true for about four quarters now. And I think that we've been talking about it for at least that long anecdotally.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. And Jay, to your one question relative to the Q4 pipeline around those industries, if you take a look particularly across the larger deals, heavily influenced by aerospace and defense, electronics and industrials where many of our longstanding customers have big Q4 renewal activities around their annual budgeting cycle.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. And Jay...
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: ...you have to repeat part of that because the last part of the question you asked, I think Maria started to address that, but you were asking something about on the industry sectors.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Well, no Maria touched on that.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. I didn't know if that covered it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: No, no. That's it. So, the longer-term question is as follows. And I appreciate that you're still working through the specific planning details for pricing, products and so forth. But pursuant to what you were saying at the Analyst Meeting in June, is it still your general intent to broaden the portfolio across a wider range of functionality and price, particularly to engage a larger number of users more so than in your core markets. And so, that's really the longer term strategic question as to what you're meaning to do tying your technology roadmap to the business model.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. The bottom line is if you look at it, probably, if I had to categorize it, we'd probably in the past, we probably had too many SKUs and too narrow a band, we'll probably have a broader band with a fewer number of SKUs going forward. But it's really meant to have a broader coverage both across industries and into things that comprehend what happens when you get into much broader user segments even within existing companies.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: All right. Thanks very much.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Anil Doradla with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for...
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Hi, Anil.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: ...taking the question. Hey. Hey. So, big picture question. Maria and Jim, you guys had provided preliminary kind of markers for 2017. And when I look at that, I look at some of the issues that are playing around in the company story into three buckets. You've got the ELA dynamics going on. That has impact on revenue, obviously, bookings and all that stuff. You've got the macro uncertainty playing around, and obviously, you've got the change in sales. So, what I'm trying to understand is the preliminary outlook, Maria said that – it sounds like you guys are still working through it. But I just want to understand the degree of conservativeness, the way you're looking at 2017. Is that different from how you looked at the guidance or the outlook from your previous years give that there's perhaps a little bit more uncertainty in the model. So, can you help us appreciate that aspect?
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, sure. I'd say there probably is more conservatism in there. But you think of the moving parts. A, we've been in the process of a managed sane transition but we want to make sure that that hand off continues to operate well. We are moving up the maturity curve of the sales force enablement. But as we've mentioned, it happened a little bit slower than we were planning. We're not just plugging in an arbitrary number in a spreadsheet to hit a number. But we are expecting to see sales force productivity increases but we're going to take some time on that. Also, embedded in the numbers are we actually have a little bit stronger – we're assuming, again, even though we're not forcing the market, we're assuming a continued shift toward lease. Like we've mentioned in the last few calls. We're not saying it's all going 100% there. At some point if you get there, it may want to rebound back and come – the market can be funny that way. But we want to be able to serve market in any number of ways that the market wants to be served given that they've chosen our software. But when you continue to have this perpetual to lease preference shift as you start to move into a cloud model, we've already demonstrated that it can mean a couple of percent of short-term growth rates but it can also provide some very nice expansion of the long-term deferred and backlog models moving into the double-digit growth there which long term is a very good indicating sign. So, those are shifts that we see going on. And given the fact that all of those can be – all of those would be positive vectors for us, but they're going to happen in different mixes, we want to have a very strong operating model that we could continue to stick to and something that didn't, let's say, it didn't ransom the long term for any kind of a short term fix.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. And then as a follow-up, clearly lot of transitions going on in the sales force. The average sales guy typically works for his own incentives. And given the change in management, what is the message and what kind of incentives are you giving to these individuals to make sure that it's business as usual, double down on your efforts rather than some of these guys trying to figure out how their new compensation is going to be structured. Until they don't (41:43) figure that out, they're just not going to kind of put in the efforts?
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, by the way, we've already got some things in play right now and by the way that's been done with the existing in place sales management, so there's not going to be a whole lot of surprise there. There has been a number of other structural things though that we've done in terms of consolidating some of the sales ops so there's less chaff and chaos in some of the communication things. Not that it was there before but I'm just saying it's a much more coherent distribution capability along those lines. But also you can see that one thing that we've done is that there's different types of sales psyches that are better going after different kind of models. And if you recall, like, two or three years ago, we have a person in a territory and they tried to serve all markets. Well, it's tough going after a lot of the small transactional start-up SMB business at a relatively low rate one day and then turning on and being this maestro selling at the $1 million dollar plus level. So, we've been able to focus a little bit more in that as all of us mentioned in some of our introductory comments this morning. We've seen some strong interest in the small, medium business. I mean, the growth in new logos. We've always kind of had a healthy add but I was kind of surprised at the uptick in that. Very encouraged by the program and the start-up program. But those are smaller kind of market – a different kind of go-to-market movements in there. And so, we're going to continue to move along those lines.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot, guys.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Shateel Alam with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Shateel Alam - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. In your prepared remarks, you talked about increasing R&D investment, and you specifically mentioned cloud. Can you just talk about what exactly you're investing in, in terms of products and capabilities, and whether or not your margin guidance implies that you move beyond the 50 or so pilot customers you have today?
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Oh, well, yeah. I mean, yeah. First of all, the easy one is, yeah, we're planning on moving way past the 50 pilots. If you think about it though, if the cloud has the means to be a fully democratized kind of open environment, it has to move quite a bit beyond – if you look at – we've got the enterprise cloud model and it's kind of provisioned. It was almost a hardware displacement kind of model where somebody could implement it inside their Intranet or they could provision it. But it was basically getting access to additional computing cycles but still acquired in the same ways. As you start to move toward multi-tenant and some of the other kind of situations that allow it more to be more on tap, those are the areas that we really want to accelerate along that line. Now, also included in that are if you're going to move into that market, it's not the traditional heavy upfront investment that the customer is buying into. So, we've invested in learning management systems that allow people to very quickly at distance at their own pace start to learn the software. We've been talking about the ongoing push of ease of use. That's not like a one-and-done kind of a release. I mean, think about how long ease of use had to move in the PC market from 1980 up until even now, like over 30 years. So, there'll continued progressions there, but we want to do investments along those lines. So, all those would relate to cloud type of activities.
Shateel Alam - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you. That's very helpful. And, Maria, just one for you. On the last call you said you expected free cash flow growth in 2017. Do you still expect that considering the level of investment you're taking on and some of the lower margin guidance you've put out there?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. And so at a very high level, as we have articulated throughout the call, we're still working through the details. But for now, $370 million to $390 million of free cash flow.
Shateel Alam - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi, ANSYS. Thanks for taking my question. So, maybe one really for anyone here, and then a follow-up for Ajei. So, granted the shift to leases makes it a little hard to gauge your performance in the quarter, and more generally in trying to get clarity on your real trend growth, but maybe to parse it out a little bit. How should we think about your bookings growth trend maybe as reported, and if you were to adjust for the mix shift, which I think, Jim, you suggested that's a one- or two-point hit? So, in relating that to the quarter, just to put a finer point on it, is 3%, is that below trend is that about right? Meaning, maybe a 5% point adjusted sort of growth. I mean, how should we think about this trend?
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: First of all, 3% is year-to-date, but keep in mind that thing I tried to say before in terms of the current bookings, again, view those as the upper-single digits around that 8% in constant currency. So, I mean, that's really what's going on. Now, as to the numbers, I mean, without telling everybody how to do the model, I mean, you can almost back out, if you took out the growth in the lease space from historical purposes and then took that amount of money and then translate it towards the impact of what that might have translated to in terms of perpetual, you can almost reverse engineer what it would have looked like if everything had stayed totally unchanged. But with that being said, I'd still say that you, Steve, the bookings as we mentioned the – even as I mentioned, the lease bookings have actually been up in the upper-single digits over the last couple of quarters, and we're continuing to see those trends moving on also. So, I'd say that we probably see that as being – for right now, the closest thing to the new normal.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: So, just to clarify, Jim, and I do want to get to the follow-up for Ajei. But it's a pretty big gap between 3% and 8%. So, what's the 5% difference? Is that all the mix shift? That seems rather large.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, I mean, the main thing on that is when you're looking at that aggregate rate, you're including perpetual. And like I say, $100,000 perpetual that shifted to a lease, is probably going to see about one-tenth or less of what that is. Secondarily on the bookings growth again, don't forget take out immediately that $7 million plus from that one big customer. Now, we guided and that was never in our guidance, but you take that out and that was always considered a one-time – not a one-time, but a not going to be repeated next year, all the hyphens - a balloon kind of revenue thing, so that one – and we said that last Q3 at the time that we are talking about that order and we remind people last quarter. So, I think you take that element out and then you consider what the effective part is on the lease space, on the lease conversion. And it pretty much explains itself out.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay. Got it. So, the quarter was basically in line with where you all expected, it sounds like?
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Okay. And so, I'll move to the question for Ajei.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, he's...
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: So, maybe...
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Actually, he's not in the room right now. We may have to save that for later. But we also wanted to get him introduced to these calls.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: But no chance to introduce that. But if you've got a question, I'd be happy to try to tackle it as best as I can with Maria's help.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Sure. Sure. I mean, I'll put it out there. I was basically interested in getting his perspective on biggest challenges and opportunities facing ANSYS going forward as he takes over. I'm sure you all have talked if you want to opine on that.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Oh, yeah. Well, I think, what we do is we can set up some time over the next few weeks or so, we're going to start to build that up. And I'd rather not put words in his mouth even though, yeah, we have spent a lot of time discussing it.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Yeah.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: In fact, it was a lot of – it was a point of discussion during the recruiting process.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Right. Sounds good, Jim. Okay. Thanks very much for taking my questions. I appreciate it.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Okay. Yes. No problem.
Operator: The next question is with Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. Hi, Jim. You said 8% on current bookings for the quarter. If you have that number for year-to-date. And then, Maria, do you have the run rate revenue of the medini acquisition?
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: I'm sorry. First of all, we don't have – I don't have the number handy for the year-to-date. But it's obviously been trending in that same direction and as I mentioned before, it's been one that's been going pretty heavily. It's heavily influenced by various timings of ELAs, some of the lengths of the time based licenses and the amount of shifts in there. But that's part of the complexity of the calculations that we're working through. So, Maria, on that...
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah. For medini, we're assuming roughly about $2.5 million in run rate for next year.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's great. And then may be just quick follow-up, Maria. We have an impending FASB proposal, 606, which has some potential implications for revenue recognition especially for software companies. And I was just curious, have you done your preliminary work there, is there anything to talk about yet there? Thanks.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: So we are continuing as many of our software brethren are to deal with our independent accountants and also a third-party firm that are specialists in revenue recognition and working our way through that. What it is preliminary looking like, albeit the FASB is not finalized, all of the details and the rules, is the legacy on-premise software providers such as us, particularly for leases, there will be a portion that will be recognized upfront as it relates to license key deliverables. And then there will be an element of ratable recognition relative to the ongoing services provided. Not unlike what ANSYS was doing back in the year 2000 when we had to bifurcate the initial delivery of software from the ongoing other elements that we delivered. So, that's that preliminary view. We are working through all of that. And when we have, I'll call it, finality around the rules, we will certainly update everybody at that time, Ross.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful. Just maybe one quick question on that, if I could. Just when you think about that key delivery versus the recurring piece would that, if we just think about relative to an existing lease would that put some of the revenue a little bit more up-front and then a smaller recurring piece? Is that the way to think about it?
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: It was.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay.
Maria T. Shields - ANSYS, Inc.: That's the way think about it.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Thank you.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erik Karlsson with Bodenholm. Please go ahead.
Erik Karlsson - Bodenholm Capital AB: Yeah. Thanks a lot for taking my question. On ELAs, I was speaking to existing ELA users. The general comment seems to be that the key reason to sign an ELA is to reduce the internal barriers and increase the usage of simulation. And indeed, most of the ELA users, I talked to at least, say they have achieved that, if not, overachieved it. Could you just help us with your view on that? If you look at the first bunch you signed, so the first four, five, six ones, what level of uplift are you seeing in usage among those customers? And I appreciate that won't translate into revenue 100%, but directional, it should be the same way. Thank you.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, over time, it will translate into that. And in some cases, we've – I mean, well, it's always been at least in the lower double digits, and we've seen some where at least the usage patterns and things have gotten up into a 20%, 30% mark. And you asked about our view of it, and our view and why we conceived this program a while back was for exactly that part. When somebody had decided that this is the path they want to standardize on, what we want to do is help them start to extract the value immediately as opposed to going into a multi-month transactional analysis of exactly how much hardware, exactly which modules and what they should be getting. So, it actually allows things for a much quicker start. And it was a much more strategic sale as opposed to just a typical kind of tactical product acquisition kind of announcements.
Erik Karlsson - Bodenholm Capital AB: As a follow-up, perhaps of the existing ELA users, how many of them are in the – so big usage that you actually get to true ups right now?
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, keep in mind that it usually takes about a year or so for going through. So, it's normally in the second year that you start to look at that particular thing. But we have already, I mean, let's just say we have already received those kind of adjustments from the people who have been in the program for a couple of years. Now, that being said, we're coming out of a Q3 and there aren't many things that were cycled around the Q3 evaluation period. Typically, it tends to be end of year, beginning of the year type of thing, Q4, Q1.
Erik Karlsson - Bodenholm Capital AB: Okay. Thank you very much.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Gal Munda with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Gal Munda - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): Hi. I have three questions. The first one is just in terms of competitive dynamics. A lot of things are happening this year especially Siemens becoming more aggressive in the market acquiring the CFD provider. Also, Dassault recently kind of entering the electromagnetic space and they're saying that that's a big area of focus for them for the future. So, my first question is do you see any other change in competitive dynamic when you're speaking to your customers and has it affected you?
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, not – actually, the quick answer is no. I mean, obviously, those products were out there before. On one hand, they get – they maybe get a little less focus. On the other hand, they're owned by some larger entity. But it really hasn't translated into any particular kind of competitive dynamic shift from our standpoint. I think the thing to keep in mind, though, is that anybody can add one or two additional incremental capabilities, but still it doesn't get to that end goal of having a complete platform that covers the totality of things that are required in a virtual prototype of a complete product. So, that type of thing – and keep in mind, once that's even done, there's – there's not an inconsequential amount of work. And it's true for them, it's true for us, it's true for anybody in terms of how you actually now integrate those products and actually make them actually flow together such that they can solve the combined problem, not just be a set of disassociated pieces.
Gal Munda - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): Okay. That makes sense. The other question is just on AIM. It's not a new product anymore. Can you just comment a bit on the demand versus expectations for the first few years and what the volume has been versus what you expected? Who is the typical user? Does it mainly come from existing company that potentially want to implement simulation – further democratize simulation further in the company to include more engineers and also what are kind of expectations for the ramp-up for the next few years?
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Well, again, AIM was always intended to be that starting push into the usability. But what we've been able to do, and things that we are excited about is – and again I don't want to pre-announce a lot of things, but the bottom line is that some of the things that we learned from the introduction of AIM has turned out to be very strong, ease of use adjuncts and front ends to our traditional legacy products which companies are standardized around. So, the bottom line is, it's, as a stand-alone product, it has some different advantages, but it's largely been in some of the newer and emerging markets. But in general what we've done is taken the best parts of that and made that available to our overall broad platform type of capability and we see that as being a good long-term direction.
Gal Munda - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jim Cashman for any closing remarks.
James E. Cashman III - ANSYS, Inc.: Okay. Well. Okay. Well, thanks everybody for the questions. And as you know, this is my final earnings call technically as the ANSYS' CEO, so it's kind of with mixed emotions that I want to thank all of you for your participations in our calls over last 16, 17 years, and also for your ongoing support of ANSYS and our vision. So, it's been a serious pleasure getting to know and work with all of you. And I'd also like to take this opportunity to thank the entire ANSYS team for all the hard work and commitment and also, I'll welcome the newest members of our team from medini Technologies. We've built a world-class business and we've led the growth of simulation for over 46 years or so and I look forward to many more years of growth in my new role as Chairman of the Board. So, much has been achieved so far this year from both an operations and a financial standpoint, but as you've always heard us say, there's a ton of work that continues to be done to continue to maintain our industry-leading competitive advantages and really drive toward the opportunity that we're firmly committed to. So, we remain resolutely focused on improving our sales and channel execution as we've talked about on this call and your questions. And particularly, in those geographies where we know that we could be performing better and that we'll make any necessary changes to better position ourselves to capture the opportunity for the next 20 years. So, I can assure that Ajei and I, as well as the entire management team, are dedicated to continue to driving both stockholder and customer value by continually leading our industry with innovation and outstanding customer support. So, with that, I thank you very much and the ANSYS team will look forward to linking up with you over the next weeks, months, and on the next call in February. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And thank you, Mr. Cashman. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-05 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James Cashman - President, Chief Executive Officer Maria Shields - Chief Financial Officer & VP of Administration
Analysts: Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Steve M. Ashley - Robert Baird Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Shateel Alam - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ANSYS Quarter Two 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. With us on the call today are Jim Cashman, CEO and President, and Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jim Cashman, President and CEO. Please go ahead.
James Cashman: Okay. Thank you. Good morning and thanks to everyone for joining us to discuss our second quarter and first half of 2016 financial results. But of course before we get started I will introduce Maria Shields, our CFO, for our Safe Harbor statement. Maria?
Maria Shields: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks documents have been posted on the home page of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all of the key financial information and supportive data relative to Q2 and the first half 2016 business results as well as our current Q3 and fiscal year 2016 outlook and the key underlying assumptions. I’d also like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company’s reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance, as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and in the prepared remarks we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning’s earnings release, materials and related Form 8-K. So Jim, I will now turn it over to you.
James Cashman: Okay, thanks, Maria. Well, first, I would like to start with a recap of the results that the ANSYS team achieved in Q2. Basically, the quick headline is that all of our recent communications on performance metrics, including at our last Investor Day, they are track or even ahead of projections. So as you may recall from our Q1 earnings call and from the Investor Day in early June, we laid out a number of key financial and operational objectives for Q2. These included, first, achieving non-GAAP revenue in the range of $240 million to $248 million; secondly, achieving strong margins and earnings per share; three, high rates of recurring revenue; fourth, continued growth in both deferred revenue and backlog; and then finally, an improvement in our direct sales and channel productivity, particularly in those areas where we have ramped up the new sales hires. And I am encouraged to say that we did, in fact, deliver on every one of these goals in the second quarter. So specifically, first, our non-GAAP revenue for the quarter was $246.1 million, in the upper half of our range. Our revenue growth was led by solid sales execution, particularly in Germany and Japan, which reported, let’s see, 12% and 9%, respectively, growth in constant currency, as well as in China, which was actually our fastest growing of the larger markets. Now this in turn was offset by the UK and France, which were the softer performing parts of Europe. Our overall revenue growth was also suppressed in the short term for the quarter by a shift away from perpetual licenses to leased licenses whereby the revenue is spread ratably over the term of the contract. But this shift also contributed to the record deferred revenue and backlog. And we will talk about that in a few minutes. Now this shift was particularly true in the more mature markets like the U.S. and Japan. So notably growth came across a broad base of industries, including aerospace and defense, electronics and automotive. And all of these are actually highlighted in more detail in this quarter’s prepared remarks, which are posted on the website so you can check into that if you haven’t already. Okay, secondly, non-GAAP EPS in Q2 was $0.93, which is actually above the high end of our guidance range. The 2016 second quarter and year-to-date results included approximately $2.4 million, or about $0.03 per share, related to incremental tax benefits that were associated with some end of the structuring and related repatriation activities that were not included on our previous guidance. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 47%, well within the projected margin range. Okay, so now if we dig into just highlights, operational highlights in the first quarter included, well, 31 customers’ orders in excess of $1 million. This is inclusive of the five enterprise agreements, actually one of which was in excess of $16 million with one of our long-standing aero and defense customers. So through the first half we’ve now closed eight enterprise agreements and we continue to build a solid pipeline for the second half. This should put us in good position to achieve our target of around 15 of these deals by the end of 2016. In particular, these deals are a validation of the evolving licensing and increasing usage trends that we are seeing within some of our largest and most long-standing in terms of time customers. They tend to be very similar to Cummins and P&G, customer stories that were actually highlighted if you attended our Investor Day in June. In addition, I am actually pleased to report that in addition to those long-standing customers that we also added over 350 new company logos to the roster of ANSYS customers during our second quarter. It’s really important because ANSYS really has a long history of retaining and growing our relationships with customers for, well, basically literally decades. This remains true today in our recurring revenue as I think are demonstrative of that success. These new logos complement our solid customer base. And basically, they represent all major verticals, but I’d say there was a particular strength in sales to new companies, particularly in the sectors like, let’s see, electronics, industrial equipment, automotive and the material and chemical processing areas. Okay. Our recurring revenue for the quarter was 74%. And our deferred revenue and backlog as of June 30 was at a record-high $524 million. So I guess overall the second quarter results, they reflect a mixed bag of pluses and minuses. Most importantly, we saw improved execution in targeted areas of our business, while we also saw the continuation of softness in certain markets and parts of the channel. In addition, we see the same ongoing geopolitical tensions that we highlighted last quarter and everybody is seeing. They maybe got a tweak worse in the short term as a result of things like the recent Brexit vote and some of the other activities going on around the globe. So on the technical side during Q2 we also released the latest ground-breaking version of our software, ANSYS 17.1. In this we also launched our new ANSYS SeaScape platform and our SeaHawk solution. And both of these are spelled out in more detail in separate releases you can find on our website. But the key of these is that they leverage the power of really what are ANSYS-proven technologies for low-power designs, but it also combines them with Big Data analytics, and taking techniques that are useful in all forms of high-performance computing, such as Big Data, MapReduce, Hadoop and machine learning, we’ve actually applied them to chip design. So coupled with an open interface, we are able to do things that really are very revolutionary compared to the previous state of the art. So basically what it does is it creates a system of aware chip flow and also a chip aware system flow that our customers can leverage the technology to predict expensive failures and optimize designs and innovate actually before volume production. So enabling this faster design convergence is extending our leadership in this important and growing market. I think the combination of advances of existing products such as chip package system and this next-generation innovation is what was really behind driving accelerated bookings growth in the first half of the year in our semiconductor business unit even amidst all the consolidations that we’ve talked about and heard about in the news. And I would also say we are well-positioned to leverage these technologies to close deals that are filling up the pipeline in the second half. So now the one thing on the technology, as we’ve said a number of times and particularly in recent calls, we know we have to make our software easier to use to bridge now to a broader range of engineers. For several decades we’ve had strong relationships with academia. But we have really taken it to another level recently with new initiatives. These include, I am thinking, including our campus-wide licensing, our student version of the software, which actually recently went over the hundred thousand-download mark. And with massive online courses, or MOOCs, that actually one of - the largest ever with over 20,000 participants. And then capped off by at our Investor Day on June 2 we also announced our new partnership with Carnegie Mellon University which basically includes an ANSYS simulation site to be built near the engineering - actually built on the engineering campus. On top of that we also recently announced our University of Pittsburgh partnership whereby we actually jointly established and added a manufacturing lab to further education and research in next-generation manufacturing. So I think the key of all this is we are moving into not just providing current technology to students but we are actually proactively teaming with world-renowned institutions to drive how tomorrow’s engineers are actually being prepared to tackle the challenges of the future. And this is a really big part of pre-equipping an ever-expanding user community. So with that I’ll - those brief comments, I will actually turn it back over to Maria and she will discuss our Q3 and 2016 guidance and then we will move on to Q&A. So, Maria?
Maria Shields: Okay. Thanks, Jim. So as we outlined in this morning’s press release, we’ve initiated our outlook for Q3 with non-GAAP revenue in the range of $244 million to $253 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.90 to $0.94. With respect to our previous guidance for fiscal year 2016, we’ve tightened the revenue range and factored in Q2 EPS outperformance as well as incremental tax benefits in the second half that we believe now are more likely to occur. So this translates to our updated outlook of non-GAAP revenue in the range of $990 million to $1.01 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $3.57 to $3.67. For the second half of 2016 we are assuming no significant changes either way in the overall macro climate. We also see sales rates ramping up, particularly in Q4 as some of the newer sales investments have been brought on and begin producing and as the channel improvement and expansion initiatives also continue to drive incremental sales. Our updated guidance also factors in assumptions around the enterprise agreements that are in the pipeline for the second half and the high probability that those deals will be recognized ratably over the contract period given what we experienced in the first half of 2016 and also given the current dialogue with many of these customers around the compositions of the deals and the licensing terms. Further details around specific currency and tax rates and some of the other key assumptions that we factored into Q3 and 2016 outlook are outlined in the prepared remarks. So during the second quarter we repurchased 1 million shares at an average price of $86.08 and for the first half we repurchased 1.5 million shares at an average price of $85.84. And as of the end of June we’ve got 3.5 million shares of capacity left in our share repurchase program. So consistent with what we have been communicating, including at Investor Day, it is our intention to continue to dedicate a portion of our free cash flow to returning capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. We currently anticipate that the second half share repurchase activity will be similar to that of what we did in the first half. So with that, operator, now we can open up the phone lines and take some questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operators Instructions] Our first question is from Anil Doradla from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Q - Anil Kumar Doradla: Hey, guys, Jim and Maria. Good job on the quarter. I had a couple of questions. So Jim, obviously, you know, you folks have embarked on big changes within the company, whether it is sales force, whether it is products, whether it is pricing. We saw some positive impacts through the channel it looks like in some of the Asia Pac regions. Can you help us understand a little bit where you are on - or what innings you are on in terms of improving sales force productivity, improving [ph] B channel (14:20) and...
A - James Cashman:
Anil Kumar Doradla: And adoption of these new products?
A - James Cashman: But you also mentioned a couple of other things. Because actually it is not that we are changing because things were inherently bad, because actually they have been very good for a long time. Actually we are changing because - we are evolving because the world is evolving an awful lot. So the presence of cloud computing, some of the buying preferences of customers, basically being able to embrace all of those. One of the most notable recent additions is we’ve always had - perpetual - we’ve always had software as a service, we’ve always had time-based licenses. But now you get into some of these things that are being prompted about by cloud and you get into the concept of elastic licensing and different kinds of mechanisms like that. And that’s really just meeting an evolving consumer demand. So all the while, while technology is continuing to progress because we see with new technologies like additive manufacturing come forth, well, it brings a new set of pressures as to what can really benefit from simulation. So it’s just one of those things. You cannot stand pat in this industry. You have to continue. So we’ve done a lot of organic investment, but we also continue to stay very active, even in these kind of like tricky valuation times, of a heavy search on potential partners for mergers and acquisitions.
Q - Anil Kumar Doradla:
A - James Cashman: So we actually mentioned about a year ago that we - actually more than that. We started to shift some of our sales force because there are an increasing number of customers that are interested now in moving toward these system-wide adoptions of simulation. However, there is still a lot of traditional base. They’re still doing tactical, technical buys. And we need to be able to serve both of those markets as that latter market continues to mature. So what we started to do was actually segment from what was basically an all-geographic-based sales force to one that are actually more targeted toward those larger engagements while also not leaving the tactical, territorial ones behind also. So in fact that was part of the transition and turbulence that we were seeing, talking about probably even as recently as four quarters ago. So that’s still going on in place. But the fact is we are now starting to ramp up. And I think you can even see from the measures of these that they are, in fact, starting to ramp up. The other interesting part of this is that we’re also seeing, though, that once people get into this mode, they’re able to now adopt the value much more quickly. And we’re seeing that we’re getting some periodic additions from companies that may have already even committed to a multiyear deal, but now they’re actually accelerating that. It’s just that we’ve removed some of the barriers by making it very easy for them to adopt on an enterprise basis and quickly learn internally as to which paths are the right way to go.
Q - Anil Kumar Doradla:
A - James Cashman:
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Q - Jason Rodgers:
A - Maria Shields:
Q - Jason Rodgers:
A - James Cashman: Now, how sustainable is it? Yes, it is sustainable. I think that even during this ramp-up thing we will see some ebbs and flows, but if you could pass a trend line through it you will see positive activity. Because, again, the same things that we saw in North America and Japan are fairly evident also in Germany where you’ve got a strong industrial base, it’s fairly mature, developed, we’ve got long-standing relationships and now we just have to bring those same skills and processes into it. I don’t think it will be like a monotonically linear type of uptick curve, but it will be a - it should be trending continually up-wise and being in particular pretty positive. Now that being said, any time you talk about anything projected for Q3 in Europe, there is always a bit of ups and downs in there. So I mean I will put that caveat in any - well, I’d probably put that in every Q3 for the last 17 years that we have been doing this. Did that hit you?
Q - Jason Rodgers:
A - James Cashman: And I think during this situation where you have more and more companies entering that kind of thing on top of the macroeconomic choppiness, I think there will be some chop in those numbers. The bottom line is, at the end of the day, I don’t want to be cavalier about this, we don’t care that much over the long term because as long as we lock in customers we know our retention rates are very high. And right now, we are really trying to get the ramp of having more people utilizing the technology. So we just want to make sure that there are numerous ways and no particular enforced financial hurdles that could slow down that potential ramp-up.
Q - Jason Rodgers:
A - James Cashman:
Operator: Our next question is from Monika Garg with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Q - Monika Garg:
A - James Cashman: So you can have a pretty dramatic swing in a shift toward lease-based licenses. But if you compare it to the total accumulated over history standpoint, it may look like a lower number but it’s really showing some fairly significant growth. I think that’s maybe the big comparison is when you compare perpetual growth, you are comparing it to only what happened last year. When you are comparing lease growth, you are comparing to what added on to what preceded by the previous 30 years or 40 years of accumulated lease base. I think that’s more of just a mathematical analysis of it. The other thing is when you shift from a perpetual to a lease, I mean while the deferred balances go up and things like that, first of all, an annual lease is less than a perpetual license. And on top of it it gets ratably recognized, so you don’t even see all the impacts of that. But in general you see a steady growth going up. But I think that’s how the math is working if I am understanding the question right.
Q - Monika Garg:
A - Maria Shields:
Q - Monika Garg:
A - Maria Shields:
Q - Monika Garg:
A - Maria Shields:
Q - Monika Garg:
A - Maria Shields:
Q - Monika Garg:
Operator: Our next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Q - Jay Vleeschhouwer: Also for you, we see that you are now providing your bookings numbers, which is very helpful, and you were up 4% year-to-date and by our calculation about 2% to 3% bookings growth trailing 12. What does your guidance contemplate in terms of the annual increase in bookings? And then for Jim. Thanks.
A - Maria Shields:
Q - Jay Vleeschhouwer:
A - Maria Shields:
A - James Cashman:
Q - Jay Vleeschhouwer: And relatedly, with respect to the SeaScape architecture, could you talk about the longer-term implications of that for pricing and packaging? When we think about the modular architecture of SeaScape around the three different services that it is built upon and your wanting to become more of a platform, so to say, what are the longer-term implications for the business of SeaScape, particularly for non-EDA applications?
A - James Cashman: Amidst all that we are also - over the years we’ve tended to get a very complicated number of SKUs, if you will, and we are trying to simplify the SKU base. So even while it’s getting broader, it’s probably going to have more discrete chunks in there. That being said, I really want to wait until we get the specific product release information on that, which is going to be later this year. Because anything else would be - there could still be some fine tuning. It would be like a pre-announce. It really wouldn’t be right. Other than the fact that trajectory-wise those are the trends that we are doing, but they are also in support of what we have done forever. So now the second part of the question was related to SeaHawk and SeaScape, right? You are absolutely right. Now, it got its start in the chip business. And that was really where some of the main brain power from our technology group put that to play. And also you look at the complexity, when you are talking about 5 billion to 10 billion transistors and how you look at all the permutations and how do you actually simulate all that, and just doing brute force computations is one of the reasons why it was very difficult to apply that. Well, so that’s why it came out in that manner. But as opposed to putting things in individual products, we - you just mentioned the word platform, and as that, there are certain things that need to transcend and go across all products. So you look at multi-physics; that’s got to be handled at a platform level through our flagship products. You look at the advanced kind of calculations. So in general the SeaScape-SeaHawk was actually made a platform element. And it is our full intent, again, not pre-announcing specific releases here, but it is our intent to actually apply that in. So I think you can see, as you started to do some very complicated simulations, maybe particularly of complete mechanical systems, or you look at complex hybrid systems between software, mechanics and electronics all combined, it might be needed in Internet of Things or autonomously driven cars, those type of things, or very, very complicated non-linear calculations, even in a particular, like mechanics or fluids, kind of situation. These kind of capabilities for handling the big data and then also using machine learning to learn from that and make it more efficient are clearly things that we have slated on. It is just that we haven’t attributed those to any specific release, but they have applicability across a broader range of calculations for sure.
Q - Jay Vleeschhouwer:
A - James Cashman:
Operator: Our next question is from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Q - Saket Kalia:
A - James Cashman:
A - Maria Shields:
Q - Saket Kalia:
A - James Cashman:
Q - Saket Kalia:
A - James Cashman:
A - Maria Shields:
A - James Cashman:
Q - Saket Kalia:
A - James Cashman:
Q - Saket Kalia:
A - James Cashman:
Q - Saket Kalia:
A - Maria Shields:
Q - Saket Kalia:
A - James Cashman:
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Ashley with R. W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Q - Steve Ashley:
A - James Cashman: So it is clearly - I can only think of maybe one of the situations where that wasn’t the case, where it was just in some cases they were just expanding and already well staffed that group. But really the premise of that is, if you will, moving down the pyramid into broader bases of usage and usually involved with that also is utilizing it earlier in the design cycle where you have a disproportionate impact on innovation.
Q - Steve Ashley:
A - James Cashman: I am just saying that our relative positioning in it as a result of both chip package system and the SeaScape kind of platform type of things have put us in a much better competitive situation which in turn has led to accelerating growth where actually it’s - well, it is all time-based and you have got a long pipeline of things. The pipeline is building nicely. And as we mentioned, the growth is accelerating, which kind of turned - reversed the trends that we might have been seeing last year. So I still think the - I don’t know, Maria, do you have different comments on this? I still think the headwinds are still kind of there but our relative stead in there has actually improved.
Q - Steve Ashley:
A - James Cashman:
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Koenig with Koenig (sic) [Wedbush Securities]. Please go ahead.
Q - Steve Koenig:
A - James Cashman:
Q - Steve Koenig: And I will add in opportunistically just to follow up to Monika’s question on cash flow. For the full year, it’s flat, relatively flat. What - despite the increase in deferred - and, Maria, I guess the follow-up there is why? Can you give us some color on that?
A - Maria Shields: Relative to cash flow, if you look at the plan and the way the numbers are working out, since Q4 is going to be the strongest growth quarter and the build-up of receivables, you will see that manifest in improved cash flow going into early 2017.
Q - Steve Koenig:
A - James Cashman:
Q - Steve Koenig:
A - James Cashman: That being said, they are still right now comparing what does it mean to turn loose that amount of computing, pay for it through a service versus the not having to maintain an IT staff and all the different things that are associated with that. And that really is what has been the major things that people have been doing. It’s almost the comparative of the cost of the infrastructure, control of the infrastructure, things like that. Now that being said, there will be an additional layer there, so okay, what’s the advantages of actually doing flexible licensing versus actually hosting owned licenses, be they time-based or perpetual? That’s one that people will only be starting to dig into now, but that’s really kind of the age-old question on anything. Do you buy something? Do you lease something? Or do you just rent it for the weekend that you need it, if you are buying like - getting access to yard equipment, things like that? So that’s part, given the elastic pricing hasn’t been out that long and given the fact that people are still trying to single out, if you will, the infrastructural cost, we are still at the early stages of that. But we have time to adjust. I agree with you there is interest. There’s maybe a little bit of a gap between interest and ultimate adoption, but that ultimate adoption will come.
Q - Steve Koenig:
A - James Cashman:
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Shateel Alam with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Q - Shateel Alam:
A - James Cashman: And that being said, I’d say that, if you will, our independence has actually made us attractive in mixed-vendor environments and mixed supply chains to being able to do that. So it really - we really haven’t seen a lot of change, I mean other than the fact that - I’d say the one change we’ve seen, which usually happens when a CAD/CAM company buys a simulation product, is people that were on a different platform now are strongly kind of looking at moving into that environment with us. So really it’s - I guess we really don’t see any directional change or we’re not really surprised by too many things. Now, to answer the first part of your question or at least one of the parts of the question is, oh, yeah, we still like some of the larger ones, but you said which parts of the - we have the basic families of physics all covered, had that for a while, and the only ones who do. However, every one of those continue to need to be continued to develop. So even though our home PC was around for many years, the processors need to get faster, the graphics need to get better, the connectivity needs to get better. Likewise, even though we have got industry-leading capabilities and have had, we need to continue to progress those further in addition to meeting the evolving and emerging new trends that are pretty much in the news today, like the Internet of Things, like autonomously driven car, getting into additive manufacturing, all those things that put new twists, if you will, on building virtual prototypes.
Q - Shateel Alam:
A - James Cashman:
Q - Shateel Alam:
A - James Cashman:
Operator:  [Operator Instructions] This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Jim Cashman for any closing remarks.
James Cashman: Okay. Well, thanks. And I would like to thank actually all of you for your participation in our call today and for the ongoing support of ANSYS. So we’re really encouraged by what we accomplished in the first half of 2016. But again, as we discussed on this call, and thanks to your questions, we have a lot of work ahead to deliver on our goals for the full year and the years beyond. Nevertheless, I would still like to thank our entire ANSYS team, as we mentioned some of our key partners for their commitment to driving results. So all I would say is I think in general, the general tenor here is it is a really exciting time to be in the simulation market. We have seen a lot of trends that are driving that. We see other companies that are now interested in entering it. And it’s really exciting in terms of the product advancements, things that we didn’t even envision a few years ago like additive manufacturing, like the autonomously driven cars, like this whole concept of a digital twin for industrial use for prescriptive analytics, just to name some of the opportunities. So it just continues to grow from this point and it tends to be pretty exciting and we’re happy to be in the position we are to be able to embark upon that. So basically as the simulation market is proposed to enter what we feel is a new era, we are proactively evolving our ANSYS teams. I know some of your questions brought that up. But this is in terms of technology, infrastructure, the actual ANSYS sales teams and even the partner ecosystems to take advantage of what we see as a really tremendous opportunity over the next few years. So I think basically, unimpeachably, we have a proven product strategy, one that other people are trying to emulate. We’ve got a progressing go-to-market plan, and on top of it all we have got a solid financial foundation that enables us to continue to invest in our business. So I guess over the decades we have built I think unparalleled product offerings. We’ve got longevity with our customers, very high reoccurring revenues and the opportunity to augment growth through new features and exciting technology. So bottom line is we’re continuing to expand our direct sales force. We have a renewed focus on the indirect channel and we’re basically committed to driving those solid financial results we have been talking about and generating long-term value for our shareholders and everyone else involved. So with that I thank you very much, and we will catch you on the next call if not sooner.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-05 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration
Analysts: Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Co. LLC Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Erik Karlsson - Bodenholm Capital AB
Operator: Welcome to the ANSYS First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Jim Cashman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer. At this time I'd like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Jim Cashman, for some opening remarks.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Robert. Good morning and thank you, everyone, for joining us to discuss our first quarter financial results. But before we get started I'm going to introduce Maria Shields, our CFO, and she'll take us through our Safe Harbor statement. Maria?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and related prepared remarks documents have been posted on the home page of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all the key financial information and the supporting data relative to Q1 business results as well as our current Q2 and fiscal year 2016 outlook and the key underlying assumptions. I'd like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance, as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. In the course of this call and in the prepared remarks we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. Discussions of various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial matters are included in this morning's earnings release materials and related form 8-K. So, Jim, I will now turn the call back over to you.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Maria. I'd like to start with a recap of the results the ANSYS team achieved in the first quarter. Q1 was a solid quarter on many fronts as highlighted by strong earnings, a record deferred revenue and backlog balance of over $506 million, non-GAAP operating margin of 46%, and strong cash flows of $109 million. Our non-GAAP revenue growth for the quarter was 5%, driven by 5% growth in North America off a strong comparable, 6% growth in Asia-Pac, and 5% in Europe, all in constant currency. Our recurring revenue for the quarter was at 78% and growth came from a broad base of industries and these are highlighted in more detail within this quarter's prepared remarks. Our reported revenue was within our guidance range and we achieved non-GAAP EPS of $0.77 in the first quarter, at the high end of our range. Now I just want to comment that this is both a testament to the strength of the ANSYS business model and the ongoing spending discipline of the team. We've demonstrated over many years our ability to balance the need to continue to invest in the business while also being aware of the business environment that we are all operating in. We also continued returning capital to our shareholders through share repurchases. During Q1 we repurchased 500,000 shares, leaving 4.5 million shares in our authorized pool as of March 31. While our primary use of excess capital is for acquisitions, we remain committed to returning capital to our shareholders while simultaneously growing our top line. Operational highlights in the first quarter included 22 customer orders in excess of $1 million. These orders included a $10 million enterprise license agreement with one of our long-standing industrial equipment customers. This deal is yet another validation of the evolving licensing and usage trends we're seeing within our broad customer base. More importantly, it represents the single largest displacement of a competitor's mechanical code in our history. Now, as we've been highlighting on the past several calls, during the first quarter we continued to see ongoing challenges in the semiconductor industry. While we have not lost any business, we did see a combination of new and renewal business that slipped from Q1 into Q1 and Q3. While ANSYS and our customers continue to work our way through the evolving dynamics of this industry, there were some bright spots and I'd like to take some time to highlight those. First, we saw important competitive wins in Europe. Second, we are also seeing new market opportunities that were secured in data center markets for early power modeling and reliability analysis. And then finally, through our long-standing partnership with TSMC, we have strengthened our leadership in next-generation technology and this includes a range of things like 7 nanometer design starts, 10 nanometer FinFET production and new packaging technology that will be critical for our key semiconductor customers. In addition to these developments, I'm also pleased to report that we added over 300 new company logos to the roster of ANSYS customers during the first quarter. Now as you know, ANSYS has a long history of retaining and growing our relationships with customers for literally decades. This is evidenced by our recurring revenues and new logos are key elements of our longer-term growth potentials. They complement our solid customer base and represent all major verticals with particular strength in sales to new companies in the electronics, industrial equipment, automotive and energy sectors. On the R&D side, as you know, during Q1 we released ANSYS 17.0, delivering major enhancements across ANSYS's entire portfolio and we have yet another release planned in the very near future. So stay tuned for additional announcements and updates on that front. And now for the last few quarters we've been talking about a systematic approach toward evolving ANSYS for accelerated growth, including increasing our direct sales capacity. While we've made progress on many fronts, our performance is not at the level we had planned. Despite the reality of growth challenges that both we and our customers are working our way through, we're focused on a variety of initiatives to drive that growth and attain the long-term goals that we have set for ourselves. So, without a doubt, the major push for us right now is the generation of top line growth. To be very clear, all the major themes that we have mentioned on recent calls are still very much in play. We're still adding both an increased number of users and new logos. The penetration rates for total users is low, which bodes very well for us in the long-term, but it is still dependent on multi-year investments and usability and, by the way, without comprise in product capabilities. Our recent sales capacity increase has been enacted and now the focus is the maturation of that investment into productive results. We have had initial success with our enterprise agreements but, with the increasing size and new arrangement of those agreements, longer sales cycles have been observed. Now, we've also benefited from an increase in competitive displacements, which are typically pretty rare in our industry. And the new customer pipeline has been expanding, but they are also subject to slower sales cycles and ramp-up times. So, these positive long-term factors are balanced by some short-term realities that are beyond the typical macro and industry and currency turbulence. Notably, there is an evolution in the manner in which companies are choosing to acquire software. So, for example, we've talked over the past few calls as to the fact that there are some shifts from perpetual to time-based or leased licenses. But it's really too early to discern if this is a broad-based trend or not. Secondarily, new procurement options related to cloud computing have been introduced, and they're getting interest and attention based on the success of other basic IT software in the industry. Now, it's not taken serious hold as of yet, but many of our major customers are doing economic evaluations of the alternatives. This is extending purchase cycles, as these decisions now entail both the R&D and the IT organizations within our customers to be aligned in the decision process. So in summary, as we move forward, we have a number of explicit goals. First and foremost, our initiatives to reinvigorate sales and top line growth. Second, we remain absolutely focused on generating substantial operating cash flow, reinvesting in our business, looking for acquisitions that accelerate the company's strategy, and returning capital to our shareholders. And third, we'll remain at the forefront of technology development to further the competitive advantage that we possess, that are necessary for us to harvest the opportunities that we see over the long term. So with that, I'll now turn it back to Maria to discuss our Q1 results in a little more detail, as well as our Q2 and full-year outlook, before we move into Q&A.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Morning, everyone. As Jim highlighted in his remarks, our results for the first quarter reflect continued solid performance on many fronts, albeit not the higher end of the sales and revenue growth expectations that we targeted in our original Q1 outlook. As you may recall, when we last reported our year end results back in February, I highlighted in my comments that we were facing a macro environment that was presenting challenges for both ANSYS and our customers. And the reality is that our concerns around slow growth in certain geographies and extended customer procurement cycles continued to play out as we closed out the first quarter. I am pleased to note that we continued to deliver a strong operating margin of 46% for the quarter, above the 45% that we had guided, and non-GAAP EPS of $0.77 per share, which was also at the high end of our expectations. Both of these were driven by our continued rigor around the management of expenses in a challenging environment. Currency continued to be a headwind in the first quarter, with a negative $4 million impact on revenue and $3 million at the operating income line. As we look out towards Q2 and the balance of the year, we're continuing to target a gross profit margin of 88% to 89%, and operating margins 46.5% to 47.5% for the second quarter, and 47% to 48% for the full year. I also want to provide some commentary around the tax rate for Q2 in 2016, very much in line with what we have been guiding. We did see an uptick in our Q1 tax rate to 34%, largely as the result of an expiration of a prior tax benefit, and also impacted by a late Q1 rate change in Japan. Looking ahead into Q2, we expect a decline in the rate to 31% to 32% as a result of some one-time tax benefits. This will be the lowest rates that we expect to see in the 2016 quarters. And for the remaining quarters, we're forecasting 33.5% to 34.5%, and for the full year, a rate of 33% to 34%. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $864 million and capital expenditures for the first quarter totaled $2.7 million, and we're currently planning total capital spending of approximately $17 million to $22 million for 2016. As we outlined in this morning's press release, we have initiated our outlook for Q2 with non-GAAP revenue in the range of $240 million to $248 million, and non-GAAP diluted EPS in the range of $0.86 to $0.90. With respect to fiscal year 2016, we are revising our previous outlook for the full year to reflect the slower growth in perpetual licenses we experienced in Q1 and foresee continuing into the second quarter. We've also factored in a slightly increased tax rate and updates in our currency assumptions. Those updates translate to our revised outlook of non-GAAP revenue in the range of $990 million to $1.2 billion, and non-GAAP EPS of $3.48 to $3.62. Our guidance also takes into consideration reduced revenue projection and a tax rate increase of 1%, primarily due to the recently proposed IRS regulations intended to reduce inversions which we are projecting to adversely impact EPS by $0.02 to $0.04. From a qualitative perspective, we're assuming no significant changes either way in the overall macro climate through the end of the year. We also see sales and revenue growth rates ramping up as the second half of the year progresses, particularly as the new sales heads continue to increase their productivity rates and the deals which are in the pipeline for the second half continue to mature and begin closing. I would like to take a moment to take this opportunity to personally invite you to the June 2 Investor Day event. We have a full day planned, including a roster of industry experts and some of our key customers to share their insights with you in addition to presentations by our management team on our current and longer-term strategy and we hope to see you there. So with that, operator, we can now open up the phone lines to begin some questions.
Operator: The first question comes from Anil Doradla from William Blair and Company. Go ahead.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. A couple of questions. Jim, you talked about the semiconductor industry and some of the moving parts there. Obviously there's some consolidation going on. But these consolidation trends will continue to persist. So, given the significant exposure that you have with some of these industries, how do you look at 2016? Does your guidance bake into account continued issues with some of these consolidations going on or do you expect some kind of snap-back in some of these areas? And I have a couple of follow-ups.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, for this particular example, we're continuing to assume that the semiconductor industry will continue through these patterns, albeit we are involved in some very interesting advanced R&D activity for – in preparation for as they launch out of this. But as that will continue on for the next few months, it will then take time for the sales cycles to kick back in and for companies to take stock of what their post-consolidation requirements are.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Switching gears, you've got ANSYS 17.0, AIM was out there, 16.0 obviously last year. Can you talk to us a little bit about the pricing environment? Do you have some pricing power or the macro issues are hurting you on that front? Any commentary would be helpful.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well the pricing power, in terms of being able to defend the very strong referring base continues very strong and that's based on long-term trajectory with our customers. That being said, with the macro environment the way it is and you see it every day, some of the statements and some of the softening in different parts of the global market. We do see there are pressures on customers. So, there are the additional cost sensitivities that we're seeing out there. But again, nothing like we saw like five years ago.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Jim, finally, big picture when you step back and look at the trends last, call it, couple of years, from a growth point of view, obviously you were not double-digit grower, granted you've got some strong impacts on FX. But you have embarked upon a very transformative set of initiatives, whether it's sales force, whether it's cloud initiatives, whether it's pricing. How would you address some of the concerns with some segments of the investment community that ANSYS is perhaps maybe saturating, struggling for growth, struggling to get back into the double digits because clearly the numbers in near term are pointing more towards that trend.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, first and foremost, I'd say that all the tenets that we talked about for the long-term are still pretty much in play. Actually, I wouldn't say pretty much, very much in play. Now, the question is as you look at some of these long-term initiatives, you look at the impact of cloud computing. It is going to play a factor in our market over the next 5 years to 10 years. Various people have posited all sorts of different lengths of that. It's going to play a role right now but companies are starting to shift and evaluate that right now. That is part of the evaluation cycles that we're seeing now are companies are trying to refactor the way that they may even equip their overall compute environments. So we continue to see those things going on. Third of all, the macro is pretty evident but if you look at the totality of things, we are winning more than our share of those. Our comparable growth rates are strong and, like I mentioned, it's a little bit rare but normally you don't see the kind of competitive displacements that we've been involved in. That being said, I would say that what we're seeing right now is that we're seeing much more movement out of the higher end accounts that we have which is not too surprising because they tend to be more resilient in a tougher macro and they tend to be more advanced along the maturation of adoption curve so they can tend to make those things up. All of those factors are going on but the trend line still for the long term point to basically the basic theses that we've been talking about for a couple of years now.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, Jim and Maria.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Good morning, Jay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Morning. Two quick clarifications for you, Maria. One, do you have an updated operating cash flow guidance number for the year? And then, secondly, your SG&A number was up only $1 million year-over-year. And I'm wondering if perhaps the year-over-year increases in SG&A might begin to get larger than that, particularly having grown your direct sales force (19:41).
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Okay. So, first of all, Jay, on the operating cash flows, we are projecting currently $350 million to $375 million for 2016. On the SG&A front, or G&A, yes, G&A we continue to get some of the efficiencies from automation. We have traditionally done as much as we can, particularly post acquisitions, to leverage the infrastructure that we already have so that G&A does not have to continue at the same pace as sales and marketing and R&D. One of the major things that we're doing this year relative to scalability and efficiency, not only on the G&A side of the house but in the, I'll call it, sales operations is a significant investment in updating our global CRM system. I think you will continue to see us push efficiency in the G&A model so that the profitability can be invested in both the R&D and the sales marketing engines.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: All right. For Jim, with regard to your pipeline, could you give us your thoughts on some of the specific verticals that comprise the pipeline? In other words, how are you thinking about the contribution from, let's say, auto, aero (21:12) and the like and to what extent does the pipeline including an assumption of further displacements of the kind that you talked about?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, first of all, I'll take the – we never take displacements for granted because this industry tends to be very sticky. I mean, that's one of our good defensive moats but it also tends to prevail. So I'm saying that these happen in significant things and they are normally not done in wholesale movement. They're typically done as part of major long-term commitments. You'll see that with a handful of very big accounts as opposed to an overall covering. Now with regard to your industry question. As we mentioned, we already discussed the semiconductor industry which long-term will continue to be good for us but over the short term we talked about the issues there. If you see the couple of areas that are probably most notable, if you look at the, and we try to track the trailing 12 months so we just don't get – even out some of the spikes here. But we continue to see good growth in the automotive industry. A lot of that is related to efficiency. A lot of it's related to electrification and even some of the things moving into some advanced topics like autonomous driving and collision avoidance type of systems. A second area which might be a little bit counterintuitive is in the industrial equipment sector. However I want to highlight that that was also perturbed by one or two particularly large deals. And why I say it's counterintuitive is that sometimes when the commodity and construction in those areas might be a little bit down you might expect that to go down but we're seeing that there's a major push in those. Those are probably the two major ones. I'd probably say that the aerospace is actually staying pretty steady at a comparable rate.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. Lastly, if I may, what is it that's making your competitors, perhaps one competitor in particular, incrementally susceptible here to being displaced? Is it just raw functionality in terms of simulation speed, or perhaps, are there other issues going on?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think – and keep in mind, a lot of these products out there, they're commendable working products. But what we do see, particularly in our lead customers, are that products that maybe over the years were bought as individual productivity tools are now being viewed by R&D management and IT industries (23:52) as being part of an overall portfolio and, therefore, having systems of software that perform admirably, but also link with one another. It's very much akin to when companies have individual business systems that popped up in different parts of the business, then all of a sudden now they want those to link together. I really think the portfolio and platform have been the driving factor in all of these enterprise license agreements. A single physics, or even having a couple of them, really isn't enough to move the dial. Once you've covered (24:25) the entire expanse, that seems to be the thing that – well, that's been evident in every one that we've seen so far.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thanks very much.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Saket Kalia of Barclays. Go ahead.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Morning. How you doing?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hello, Saket.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks for taking my questions here. Just one question and one follow-up. First, Maria, can you just talk about what bookings grew on an organic constant currency basis? It sounds like more perpetual license dollars are shifting to other models, and therefore ratable rev rec, but (25:07-25:10). Wasn't sure if there was something else to account for when looking at deferred and backlog.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yes, so, Saket, if you just do the math from your visibility to the numbers, it will appear that bookings were negative in constant currency. However, there're two things that play a role that, when we dissect numbers, you have to factor in. One is, in Q4 of this past year, we had about $6 million to $7 million in orders that were renewal orders that had Q1 start dates that got booked in Q4. That had about a negative 3% impact, is what we're estimating. And also, if you heard Jim's dialogue, in his talking points, the semiconductor deals from the traditional Apache part of the business that slipped out of Q1 into Q2 and Q3, we have not lost those deals, but they are taking longer to close, is about a negative 2% impact. So if you take those two factors, that would suggest that bookings growth for first quarter was relatively flat.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Very helpful. Then, maybe a little bit more strategic for you, Jim. Jim, you talked about cloud computing impacting the industry. Can you just talk about what sort of growth you've seen in some of your cloud simulation products, and are you starting to see maybe some of the traditional lease and perpetual business shift towards those sort of form factors, and potentially having an impact on revenue as well?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Currently, we have not seen a shift in revenues. What we have seen is a lot of disruption and focusing of activity on the evaluation of them, because what people are doing now is saying, well, if I utilize cloud with this kind of a hardware infrastructure, versus my traditional one, how do the economics play off? And in reality, there's a lot of data that's been generated for the typical kind of business application, the scatter-gather kind of thing. But the highly compute intensive environments in which we work in, there really aren't a lot of metrics there. So, while we think it is going to be very big, it could be several years before we start to see that transfer of the internal utilization preferences. But the fact is, customers are looking at it right now. In fact, virtually every engagement that we have right now on cloud is with existing customers who are doing this as a sidelight comparison. So that's really not too surprising. In fact, their typical term is proof of concept. That's the way that they're viewing it. That being said, we really haven't expended any useless energy, because it's going to play a role in the future, but the same architecture that we built to work within our customers' compute environments from a high-performance computing standpoint, it's the exact same architecture that we're utilizing here. So, all this is, is a way of extending this into increasing the availability of access of our software. But I wouldn't expect anything super meaningful in the next year or two, in terms of ramp-up, particularly compared against our billion-dollar base.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Very helpful. That's it for me, guys. Thanks.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Yes, just had a question on the new pay-per-use license. Is it a risk with the current lease and paid-up customers that it might be more cost effective in the future to switch to an elastic license or do you see the pay-per-use as purely additive to your business?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We view it largely – I mean, there may be some shifts of buying preferences across there as people get involved with it but it's basically going to be a net add to what we're doing based on the way that the pricing is done. And primarily, essentially what you will be trading off is the flexibility to pay for what you use. But that flexibility has a certain economics associated with it also. So I think in general, what the main tenet is going to be is people that might have not jumped in and bought an entire cadre of software now will be able to step in and do their own proof of concepts and their own usage until they build up that ramping. So really what it does is, it's really lowered that first step on the staircase to overall utilization and makes it easy for people to take that first step.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And just as a follow-up, the cash balance increased nicely in the quarter, and just wanted to get your latest thoughts on the share repurchase as well as any current M&A opportunities. Thanks.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: So, Jason, I think you heard Jim speak in his commentary that we will continue our capital allocation on all three points: investing in our business, continuing to look at a pipeline of M&A opportunities, as well as share repurchases. As you saw in Q1, we did repurchase 500,000 shares. Q1 is typically our shortest open window. But I think you will see us continue at a minimum to hold the share count flat throughout the course of the year. And obviously, we will follow our traditional framework and be opportunistic around share repurchases depending on what's happening in the overall market.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. Go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Hi, guys. Wondering, when you look at the current environment and compare it to the last slowdown, obviously the last slowdown was major but one of the things you got huge kudos for was you didn't really invest heavily because it was pushing on the string in terms of trying to generate demand so you managed your margins and we saw those operating margins go into the 50%s. What's different now? It seems like in this (31:51) environment, there's macro concerns and squishiness out there but this time around it seems like you're more focused on investing and pushing harder to try to generate the top line. So, maybe help me compare and contrast to understand why it's better to invest this time around?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, first of all where not necessarily of vesting across the board at all levels at that same rate. Second of all, this is not the same parameters that we were dealing with in 2009. There are some similarities but it's really no comparison. In 2009, it was really locked down. So what you've seen, even in light of a macro environment where we are still outgrowing the market, what you're seeing is that we're still able to deliver the earnings results, the margins and everything else. So all we've done is we've just scaled, and that was one thing I tried to mention on our business model. We're trying to scale the requirements such that we're still building for the long-term but we're also being very cognizant of the environment that we're operating in right now. And what that means is, we may be more subdued in our spending, but we're still going to focus on building those key things that are going to be important to harvesting the opportunity that we see over the next 5 years to 10 years.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got you. And then, on the lease versus perpetual and cloud models, listening to the commentary, it sounds very much like you're listening to the customers and waiting to see what the customer wants to do instead of maybe proactively working with the customers and trying to decide the direction they are headed and maybe help push that direction. Meaning, we've watched Adobe and Autodesk and PTC and others move in that true subscription format. What's the pros and cons to maybe just choosing that direction and moving more fully in that direction?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the first part is, of all the companies that have tried to force something, there are mixed results. There are some that, different industries have done pretty well. There are others that, let's just say that the results are remaining to be seen. Now we are, make no mistake, we are engaging with our customers in terms of understanding their preferences and trying to accommodate the best procurement matters for them. But keep in mind we've got almost 50,000 customers. With that in mind we want to make sure that we don't, for instance, come up with the perfect model for, let's say, the top 10% and all of a sudden create a barrier to people getting involved at the lower level. So, we, at this early stage of adoption of our technology, we want to make sure that we've got multiple ways to fit the way people are naturally going to want to acquire software. In fact, if you check, if you expand the sphere of other companies as you're looking out in the space, there are some that are even commenting on the fact and saying, well, they're going to go beyond there. But you mentioned subscription model and the one thing I'd like to mention is that for decades we've had a model that had a very high subscription element to it and a very high part of repeat business. So, we already had factored that element in no matter which way someone might appear to acquire it.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yeah, and one thing I would like to add to follow on to that point that Jim made is, when we look back, we've got 46 years of history that show when we have a flexible model for licensing and procurement that fits the needs of our customers, we have been able to increase customer lifetime value. I think that 46 years of history is why we are doing what we're doing as opposed to doing a forced march because of the people think that that's the right answer.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Ashley of Robert W. Baird & Company.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Terrific. Just like to circle back here. You've taken down your full-year guidance on the top line just a little bit based on lowering your expectations for perpetual license here in the first half of the year. But you've made a couple statements: one, macro challenging; two, sales execution not where you wanted. Is the change in the perpetual license expectation due more to the sales execution or to a change in macro?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: More macro, basically. I mean, there are elements of both because, as we mentioned, the maturation curve, we need it to be a little bit faster than it was. But it is the macro thing. I mean, you just, again, if you even read the news that's come out over the last three months. I mean it's not that we're reading that news and adjusting, we are hearing from our customers things that echo what you are also reading in the broader news. So there are pockets in Asia that were typically much more robust 12 months ago. Now, a couple of those are tending to soften up. There's a lot of mixed bag in Europe, so we factored those in. But, again, it's all driven out of the pipeline build, the forecast and the guidance going in. But as you say, it's a very modest – it's not much of a change, but we still want to reflect it in the things that we actually see.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And then your comment about direct sales productivity not exactly where you'd hoped it'd be at this point. And then I think Maria even mentioned in the guidance, the expectation to see some improvement or some productivity maturity at the second half of the year. Can you talk a little bit about direct sales productivity, the concept of it's not exactly where we want. Can you give us a little more color on that?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, well, the first thing you'd see is that at the upper accounts where we had the focus, we've got a very good coverage there. Now keep in mind, we did a couple of specific things. We took our more experienced sales reps and we put them into a named account realm. I'm sorry, for recent listeners who may not know some of those terms, but essentially it was on focusing them on limited number of accounts such that they would actually spend their time doing more developmental activities as opposed to ad hoc responses. Now, those have started to ramp up in the next cadre. However, it took those people time to evolve and cover those accounts. Now, in the territory basis then we had more of the new sales capacity put in there. And essentially, that is one that therefore needs to take a little bit more ramp-up and that is the area where we have seen the slowest uptake. And you would expect a little bit more resistance in that given the fact that the macro headwinds are a little bit higher. So we think that it takes a little bit more time to ramp those up and basically those will key right at a handful of initiatives that I mentioned that we already have in place because that is a strong target area for us.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Perfect. Really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Koenig of Wedbush Securities.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Hi, Steve.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No problem. Good morning, Steve.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: I guess for the first one, maybe cloud competing. So, to us, and I'm sure to you, simulation seems pretty ideal for cloud computing. And it sounds from your commentary as if customers are needing to consider this and that that consideration could in fact be impacting your sales cycles in some cases. I'm just wondering, what are the issues – you clearly have the vision for where you want to go in cloud, but what are the issues on ANSYS executing on this vision that could inhibit you from moving more quickly to address those customer needs that may be already impacting sales cycles?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, you're absolutely right, cloud computing does fit this model in the long term very well. And for the very reason that it implies virtually infinite computing, however, therein also lies the issues that customers are looking at. Because infinite computing can cost – even if it's more economic, it can cost infinite dollars. And as a result, what they don't want to do is, for instance, open up the tap and leave the water running and then all of a sudden find out that they've gotten caught in a very difficult economic model. That is the reason, as I mentioned, for the economic evaluations and proof-of-concepts that are going on right now. Now, this really is not fundamentally different than what they always did when they were building their internal clouds. And, in general, that's why a lot of people didn't have 100,000 node clusters because, well, they don't need it most of the time, so they are not going to invest to have one sitting around. So, we also think that being able to look at that model, of how people do that internal, and buy what they normally would, but now have the access to scale up on those periodic bases when they need a full scale simulation. But, given the fact that there isn't a body of history on this, and that people are very cognizant of budgets right now, that is what's driving the overall issue. Now, on top of it, it used to be that R&D would decide, okay, I'm going to buy this computer and as long as IT says, yes, this is an okay computer, then the purchase was relatively an R&D expenditure. We find, as the cloud and the larger scale computing comes in, R&D has to do it, but in addition, IT has to also really sanction and bring it into play. Actually make it usable, take care of cybersecurity concerns that weren't there before, all the budgetary concerns, and things like that. And the expansionary opportunities of that model are what also drives the complexity and uncertainty that's causing these extended evaluation cycles right now.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for that, Jim. Then for the follow-up. Maria, you explained what your priorities were in terms of use of cash. So, my question really is a follow-up. I want to just ask why. So, why not use the balance sheet and free cash flow generation more aggressively to return cash to shareholders, beyond the opportunistic approach that you've been taking?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Well, Steve, if you look back, our ability to return value to our stockholders, the greatest value has been created through the M&A that we've done over the past two decades. And so, there are opportunities for us to continue to accelerate our longer term strategy and our customer adoption model with our customers, through M&A. So we want to make sure that we balance and prioritize where we think the greatest opportunity to return value to our shareholders is.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Maria. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Schappel of Benchmark. Go ahead.
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Mark.
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Co. LLC: Good morning. So, most of my questions have been answered, but I do have one regarding the large deal. And Jim, let me just start off and say, I agree with your comments that competitive displacements like this are a rarity in the engineering tools industry. But I was just wondering if you could just give us some details around that $10 million deal, such as why this particular customer decided to actually boot out the incumbent, instead of just layering ANSYS of top of what they already have?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think the first part is, you have to have requisite capabilities, and normally for people to shift, you have to have additional capabilities over and above. But as I mentioned, the portfolio, there are a couple of elements, one of which – using moving to a broader usage pattern. Second of all was also being able to use a broader usage pattern in terms of users, I'm sorry. And then, broader usage in terms of the span of products there, in some of the portfolio aspect. So, again, superior capabilities and superior breadth in terms of that, plus a platform running on those, it just turns out, from a long-term perspective, if you're building a long-term strategy for simulation adoption, this currently has a much better survivability curve.
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ross MacMillan of RBC Capital Markets.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks a lot. And apologies for the background noise. Maybe we can start with revenue growth of 5% constant currency year over year. If you could isolate and exclude the drag from your semiconductor business, what do you think the underlying growth rate is?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, sorry if you see the – the semiconductor market for us grew at a low single-digit amount. So, given the fact that it's a fair amount of our business, mathematically it had probably a 1% (46:21) drag associated with that. Again, being short-term one, as we said, we don't think it's a fundamental one.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Ross, just one point to add on to that. One of the things that we are seeing is, China was a very bright spot for us in the quarter. And, one of the bright spots around China is the government's push in the semiconductor industry. As a result of that, we are seeing benefits from our portfolio of solutions that we've got for semis, as the Chinese government makes a push into that. So while there were some dampening effects from continued consolidation, we are seeing some positive aspects of portfolio in China from semis.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's helpful. Just a couple of quick follow-ups. Have you made any changes to your head count growth plans for the year?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: No.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And just curious on the competitive environment. We saw CD-adapco got bought by Siemens earlier this year. I was just curious any changes that you see in the market post that acquisition?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: At this point in time, no, but keep in mind that I don't think that's closed. Maria, add anything?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: I don't think that's closed. I think they announced the acquisition.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We really haven't seen an impact one way or the other on that currently. But no, it's not been a factor.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. Very last one, just can you give me the impact for deferred revenue, sequential impact from foreign exchange? Thanks so much.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yes, hold on, Ross. Negative $5.1 million.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Erik Karlsson of Bodenholm Capital. Go ahead.
Erik Karlsson - Bodenholm Capital AB: Thanks for taking my question. The extended decision cycle you're seeing among your customers, if that were to become a bigger (49:06) and more prolonged, should we expect to take a little bit longer time for you to return to the long-term growth targets you have?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, yes, it is now. We see the – first of all, in the first iteration of somebody moving to an enterprise license agreement, that type of assumption, it's the first one that takes the time. Thereafter, it then tends to ramp up. Sometimes it can get into several months when you talking about the dollars and you're talking about the legal agreements and understanding all the terms going in there. So we'll see that. That's usually a cost of switching the kind of arrangement that's felt in the first iteration and then isn't felt in the outlying years. The second part is we also mentioned the addition of the new logos. Now, the new logos, that's a real good thing for us because we have a pretty good track record of continuing to build off of those and retaining those customers. However, whenever a customer takes that first step into simulation, they normally take a little bit longer to absorb it also. So you'll see at both ends of the curve that just from the procurement differences that the sales cycles are lengthening out. I am saying that's in addition to the overall effect you might see from the macros that can go up or down at any given period of time.
Erik Karlsson - Bodenholm Capital AB: Great. And just to follow up on that, if these behaviors prevail, do you still think you can return to the growth rate you are targeting in the next couple of years?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, yeah. When you stretch out the time, yes. The thing is that even if these behaviors persist, we would expect that the low-end customers will have that normal digestion process for their first iteration of software. However, as we get more and more customers on the enterprise license agreement, we've already cover that first cost of getting them on. But as we mentioned, it's getting those added on is a several-year process. It just tends to taper off and build over time. But once you hit steady state, you're really past that large-end digestion problem.
Erik Karlsson - Bodenholm Capital AB: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. I'm back. I'm going to ask a question that's high-level, qualitative and tough to answer. But I'm getting hit with a question from investors and I've got the same question myself, which is not given all the comments around the macro and the shifts, etcetera, what have you factored in to this new guidance? Meaning, how much of additional macro sluggishness can we see before there may need to be an additional cut? So did you cut with a chainsaw or did you cut with a scalpel?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: I'm not sure. We did not cut with a chainsaw, Sterling. What we did was took a look, as I said in my comments. One, we are at this point factoring in no economic improvement through the remainder of the year. So we expect the same kind of headwinds that we've been facing. We will see (52:35) upticks in oil and gas happening anytime soon. So our business in parts of Europe, in Brazil, in Southwest, in Canada will continue to be unfortunately negatively impacted by that factor. We have factored in the pipeline that we see of those larger accounts in the second half that are currently being worked now largely (53:00) in North America with a handful in Europe. And we've also factored in some of the softness in some of the parts of Asia. So we have tried to take a conservative view on our business for the remainder of the year so that we don't have to repeat this going forward.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jim Cashman for closing remarks.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, thanks, Robert, and thanks everybody on the call. So I'd actually like to thank all of you for your participation on our call today and for the continuing following and support of ANSYS. And I'd also like to thank the entire ANSYS team by the way for their dedication in Q1 and the continued commitment to driving the results that we've been talking about. So, bottom line is that we believe that we're well-positioned to drive growth and achieve our goals. So basically we have an unparalleled product offering. We've got extraordinary longevity with our customers. We've got extremely high recurring revenues and the opportunity to augment our growth through new product features and exciting technologies from acquisition. So, we're committed to driving revenue and earnings growth, but also keeping that operating cash flow and significant returns for our stockholders. So I thank all of you very much and we will catch you no later than at the next quarterly call.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-25 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration
Analysts: Darren R. Jue - JPMorgan Securities LLC Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Stephen D. Bersey - Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc. Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning, everyone. And welcome to the ANSYS Q4 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please also note that today's event is being recorded. At this time I'd like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Jim Cashman, President and CEO. Sir, please go ahead.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Good morning. And thank you, everyone, for joining us to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015 financial results. Before we get started I'll also introduce Maria Shields, our CFO, and she'll take us through our Safe Harbor statement. So, Maria?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks documents have been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all of the key financial information and supporting data relative to our Q4 and fiscal year 2015 financial results and business update, as well as our current Q1 and fiscal year 2016 outlook and the key underlying assumptions. I'd like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance, as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information, unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and in the prepared remarks we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K. With that, Jim, I'll now turn the call back to you.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Maria. Actually I'd like to start with a recap of the results that the ANSYS – the team achieved in 2015. And to frame this let's go back to, if you recall from our Investor Day in June of 2015, we laid out a number of key objectives for the year. We set goals of achieving non-GAAP revenue growth of 8% to 10% in constant currency, achieving strong margins and cash flow, high rates of recurring revenue, and continued growth in our deferred revenue and backlog. We also committed to deploy capital to invest in our business for the long term, continue to pursue attractive M&A opportunities, and return capital to our shareholders through share repurchases. So I can say that we did in fact achieve all of those goals with the exception of one, which we narrowly missed. So first, our non-GAAP revenue growth for the year in constant currency was 7%, a result of our Q4 revenue coming in a little weaker than we had anticipated in early November. But as we'll talk about in a moment, the growth is susceptible to mix shifts toward time-based licenses and the VSOE effect of enterprise license agreements. And both of these are good long-term factors for us. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 47.5%, slightly higher than projected. Our operating cash flow for the fourth quarter was 18% higher than last year's Q4. And we generated over $367 million for the year. Our recurring revenue for both the quarter and the year were solid at 70% and 72%, respectively. And we closed out the year with another record-high deferred revenue in backlog balance of over $500 million. Okay. So we also accelerated the rate of returning capital to our stockholders through share repurchases. In total we repurchased 3.8 million shares of stock in 2015. Now while our primary focus is and remains on growing our business, both organically and through acquisitions, we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders. And I think you can – you'll see an example of this also included in our earnings release is that our board recently increased the authorized share repurchase pool back to 5 million shares. So on the acquisition front during 2015 we acquired Gear Design, Delcross, and Newmerical Technologies. All important technology acquisitions, but with minimal revenue impact in 2015. These acquisitions, along with the groundbreaking technology we introduced last month in ANSYS version 17, they all contribute to expanding our broad portfolio of industry-leading solutions and also further distance us from the competition. So now let's take a moment to highlight a few things from the fourth quarter. While we delivered within our target range, we did not achieve the full level of revenue production that we were expecting as we headed into the fourth quarter. However, and it – our revenue was adversely impacted by a transaction with over $6 million of perpetual revenue, the large majority of which was deferred over a 2-year period. Now this is an example of the short-term VSOE effect that I mentioned earlier. But it's also reflected in our good bookings and our deferred numbers. So good for the long term. There was continued weakness in the semiconductor industry. Actually if you recall we spoke about that on our last call, one of the earlier mentioners of that. And there were some pockets of weakness in Asia Pacific and Europe that also contributed to revenue growth of 4% in constant currency in Q4. And I might say the weaker than planned Asia result had a more pronounced impact on the paid-up license line. So also keep in mind that last year we reported 14% growth in perpetual licenses, creating a strong comparable. While the revenue was at the lower end of our range, our sales bookings growth was the highest it's been all year and grew in double digits in constant currency. We closed Q4 with notable contributions from two of our largest markets. Revenue grew 10% in Germany and 9% in Japan in constant currency. Now North America and Asia-Pac both saw revenue grow at 5%. And we continue to see weakness in the rest of Europe, which had a 2% growth overall. For the year we saw pockets of strength from the performance of our three largest markets. Japan, North America, and Germany grew 9%, 10%, and 11% respectively in constant currency. Now this is significant, because these are the areas where we have the most advanced customer relationships, and where we have our most experienced sales and support infrastructure. So we would have expected our go-to-market evolution to unfold more quickly in these areas. So this is a very encouraging validation. Now from a high level perspective this was a respectable quarter, even in the face of weakening economic indicators and off a strong comparable in Q4 of 2014. Sales bookings growth outpaced revenue growth. This was driven both by a number of enterprise agreements that were predominantly closed in North America and the healthy increase in time based licenses. This contributed to an 8% uptick in the deferred revenue in backlog to $504 million, as compared to $468 million in Q4 of 2014. And as we previously highlighted through 2015 these deals, they tend to add a certain level of volatility around the timing of closure, the impact on revenue recognition, and even the size of the deals. But we foresee more of these types of deals in 2016, which is good for the long term health of the business. It's a net plus. Recurring revenue for the year as I mentioned was a healthy 72%, which was higher than 2014 and on a larger revenue base. We really do – I mean we've been saying this for years. It's been part of our model. But the consistent ability to maintain a solid base of recurring revenue is one of the hallmarks of that business model. And a foundation that's proven to be a real differentiator and a stabilizer for navigating tough economic cycles. Now we're also – we're seeing increased penetration within our broad customer base. And the pipeline and new opportunities they continue to improve, even amidst the continued challenging economic environment. We're seeing growing interest. Also the procurement process remains protracted and a lot more diligent on our customer side. So there's little doubt of the long-term opportunity as evidenced by the – basically the continuing multi-year momentum both in existing and new customers. But in the short term I'll add this caveat, because even with this increasing interest, there's also cause for continued vigilance in – basically you look at all the recent economic forecasts and financial market conditions, they become markedly more volatile over the last few weeks. And this has had a dampening influence on customers' current buying cycles. So we tried to factor this into our current guidance. And we'll continue to do so going forward. In 2016 we're continuing to selectively ramp up elements of our customer facing organization in response to the available opportunity, both short and long term. And we're also continuing to invest in upgrading our business systems and infrastructure to support the growth of our business over the long haul. So just with those opening few points, I'll now turn it over to Maria Shields, our CFO, to provide a more detailed look at our financials. So, Maria?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Okay. Thanks, Jim. So for the next few minutes I'm going to add some additional perspective on our Q4 and 2015 performance, touch on some key financial highlights, and also go through our outlook for Q1 and 2016. As Jim highlighted we continued to execute on most phases of our business. We saw gross margins of 89% for the quarter and the full year. And strong operating margins of 47.5% for both the fourth quarter and the year. Currency continued to be a challenge in the fourth quarter with a negative $13 million impact on revenue and even greater on sales bookings and $8 million at the operating income line. The full year results were negatively impacted by $66 million and $39 million. Looking ahead into Q1 and the full year 2016, we're currently targeting a gross profit margin in the 88% to 89% range and operating margins of 45% for Q1 and 47% to 48% for the full year. Our plan for 2016 calls for Q1 to be our lowest margin quarter and for improvement as we make our way through the year, not unlike what we just delivered in 2015. I also want to highlight that in 2016, we expect to see an uptick in our effective tax rate from the 30.6% that we reported in 2015 to 32% to 33%. And as we have previously discussed, this is largely a result of the expiration of a prior tax benefit from a subsidiary restructuring that had provided us with meaningful tax savings each year for the last 5 years. So as we enter 2016, while the macro economy is increasingly uncertain, we believe that it is vital to our long-term strategy to continue to make investments in areas of the business that we deem to be critical for the future. Some of those include, first and foremost, strengthening our global direct sales and field support teams, continuing to invest in R&D so that we can maintain our technology leadership, and continuing to evolve the business infrastructure to support improved productivity, automation, and our future growth plans. So no doubt, the increased level of volatility in the overall macro environment has presented challenges to not only us but our customers, since we initiated our outlook for 2016 back in early November. Given our current sales outlook, which continues to factor in both uncertainties around the timing of a return to growth in certain geographies as well as the predictability of the timing of closing sales, particularly larger deals, we believe that disciplined spending will continue to play an important role not only in our own business in 2016 but in our customers' as well. If we move onto the balance sheet. We closed in a very strong position that affords us flexibility and a solid foundation to support our business in the upcoming year. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $785 million, of which 69% is held domestically. We finished 2015 with total capital expenditures of $16 million for the year. And based on everything that we are planning currently, we're looking at CapEx in the $20 million to $25 million range. And as we did see in 2015 our ultimate level of spending in this area will be managed through a combination of pursuing those critical projects, but also balancing the remainder against the overall health of the business and the macroeconomic climate. As we outlined in this morning's press release, we've initiated our outlook for Q1 with non-GAAP revenue in the range of $224 million to $232 million, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.74 to $0.77. With respect to fiscal year 2016 we're revising our prior outlook to factor in a more cautious perspective on the overall economy, since we initially provided our outlook in early November. This translates to non-GAAP revenue in the range of $995 million to $1.03 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $3.53 to $3.69. As we've been discussing throughout the year, we're continuing to work through and make progress on various parts of our evolving go-to-market strategy, some of which include an increasing number of enterprise agreements, a shift in certain customer preferences toward time-based licenses and the very early stage of our cloud launch. We believe that we've made good initial progress on these efforts in 2014. But no doubt we have a lot of work ahead. We see that these trends will continue to evolve over the course of the year. And as such we're assuming an increase in revenue and earnings growth as we progress throughout 2016. While other companies in our space are attempting to force customers towards a preferred licensing model, we're focusing on increasing customer adoption of our Workbench platform and our broad portfolio of solutions. To achieve this we're maintaining our historical approach, which offers our customers a range of options to fit their licensing preferences and the realities of their business. While this flexibility may inject some additional variability in our results in the short term or in any single quarter, we believe that these expanded customer relationships, combined with the ongoing maturation of the sales investments that we've made throughout 2015, should continue to reflect in the long-term rewards of growth in sales bookings, revenue, deferred revenue in backlog, and most importantly customer relationships that should continue to grow for many years. Further details around specific currency rates and other key assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q1 and 2016 are contained in the prepared remarks document. So with that, operator, we'll now open up the phone lines to take some questions please.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we'll begin the question-and-answer session. We also please limit – we ask you to please limit yourselves to one question and a single follow-up. Our first question today comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Darren R. Jue - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Thanks. It's Darren Jue on for Sterling. I'm just wondering if you could talk about what parts of the product portfolio are you see the greatest pressure from? In particular in the energy and industrial areas?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Actually could you clarify? I didn't know if you were asking – I thought you started off asking about the product portfolio. And then you – and then I thought you might be talking about industry. So could I – I mean I want to make sure I answer the right...
Darren R. Jue - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. I mean – yeah. So the question is on product portfolio, but to the extent that you're seeing any particular pressure in energy and industrial areas?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Darren R. Jue - JPMorgan Securities LLC: (16:43)
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well it – yeah. It tends to comp around the major – the emphasis points. So for instance in the semiconductor area, we're more likely to see that for instance in the more electronic-oriented and semiconductor-oriented products that we have along those lines, with more minimal impact if you will on the major elements of the structural and fluids business. Now when you move into the industrial and energy – and some of this also gets into what's happened with the general approach of the mining and commodity based markets and what – and how that ripples through the off-highway kind of market. And basically you can pick up a paper any day and see by major customer names – or major company names that that plays through. Now those tend to be slightly more – actually more pronounced on the structural and the fluids part. I mean just lumping these into broader classifications.
Darren R. Jue - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And just to follow up, I mean coming out of the last downturn, you were able to manage margins back to a 50% level by getting some efficiencies on the sales and marketing line. And I know you're not guiding to a 50% margin for the year. But I'm just wondering if it's fair to think that maybe you could outperform in terms of margins in the current environment, if you start to see that you're not getting the return on your sales and marketing efforts as you move through the year.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well l think the important thing to mention is the first part, is that when we look at other downturns and similar recent downturns is, we were by far, far more resilient than most companies in our space or in the market generally. And as such we actually even still grew in revenue, albeit at a much lower rate at those times. However, we never at that time guided to higher margins. It's just that because we weathered that storm better based on our overall business model, the higher amounts of revenue that did come through that we were still able to take into account had the elevating aspect of margins. But we were – and at that time we were talking about holding the high margins. And they actually elevated into that point. And I'd say that that's probably going to be a hallmark of most kind of economic downturn or softening cycles, where our recurring base and the solid customer base we have provides that good ongoing baseline of revenue. But I think that the things that we've done from the product standpoint and the preparatory standpoint in our go-to-market model is that that allows to – basically allows us to harvest any of the upside when it occurs. The other thing is that again we can't – we really can't emphasize as much, because we have been talking about this the last couple calls, is the concept of as customers are starting to get into the very first entries of the cloud based – and all those people are starting to shift. But we've been talking a lot about the time-based license. We saw how our time-based licenses actually grew at a higher rate, but – and that's good for the long-term deferred balance. But it has a dampening effect of course on the short-term thing. So it's more of an appearance kind of thing. And the overall movement of enterprise license agreements also tends to add that volatility. The other thing is with enterprise license agreements, we also get the situation where, because they cover a broader range of products, even if we have a small percentage that are related to products that don't have VSOE very often, we have to put the entire order into a time deferred kind of basis. And that's what happened. I mean I even signaled – I even talked about the one – just taking one order and that was a $6 million order that had to be time deferred. I mean you can pretty much do the math yourself and determine how that can help drive the long term and show strong bookings growth, while it has that temporary dampening effect in the short term. So I guess the bottom line is we're not guiding toward those things. But if the same things happen as before, and we are – we have the continued strength, relative strength in the top line, because we're gearing around that other assumption, that naturally filters down to the bottom line disproportionately.
Darren R. Jue - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Monika Garg from Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First is, are you guys seeing that customers are preferring more leases than perpetual licenses?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Yes. Now the thing is as Maria mentioned in her comments, we've seen these trends – but keep in mind for years we've had a mix of basically cloud type of offerings, online type of offerings, of lease and of perpetual licenses. So we've always had that. We feel it was more important to focus on providing flexibility for – in these early stages for customers to introduce and get involved in those kind of applications. So we still see that. We just see that the buying shift has been tending to shift a little bit more on that. Now that happens at a very personal level on a company by company basis. So this is not like necessarily a herd mentality, but we are seeing shifts. And those numbers were borne out in the relative strength of the time-based license versus – going on. Now we also – on the large deals that we're going into also is – we've been seeing an increasing amount of that. And companies that traditionally were doing that on a paid-up line. It doesn't take more than a handful of those as we've seen to change the results. And then keep in mind again this VSOE thing. I'll say one thing. When we encounter these things, when we get a big order with customers, we treat that as very, very good. And if we find out there's a VSOE issue, we don't sit there and try to artificially do something to optically make the current quarter at the expense of a long-term growth and the customer disruption. So overall it's a net good thing for us if you look at the building of the business. But that flexibility sometimes is what can also drive the additional VSOE. I don't know, Maria? Do you have anything to add to that?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yeah. And so too – and some this lends itself to the earlier margin question. So as that business that traditionally would have been recorded as perpetual in the current quarter gets recognized ratably over – in the case of the one deal that we mentioned a 2-year period – that no doubt is going to depress the margins, as opposed to how we may have historically recorded it even back in 2009. But as Jim said we're not trying to do anything unnatural to either change the customer preferences or to pull those deals in to make the current quarter appear better than it is. Because obviously that will have long-term impacts on the future cash flows if you will.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. Then the question is with Siemens buying CD-adapco and now Siemens becoming second-largest simulation provider, do you see any impact from this acquisition they have made?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, no, no, no. I mean not really. I mean you've got good technology and good companies that abound in general. Basically for the last 10 years, 15 years CAD companies have bought simulation companies. And in general I mean it's tended to be neutral to a net plus for ANSYS, because in general we're agnostic when it comes to those overall CAD environments, which come – which tend to come and go. So it's just one of the natural – just kind of like the natural flow of life in this industry. And if you roll the calendar back 15 years, you'll find many times that these things came in place. So it's just part of life but nothing unnatural. And really nothing unexpected. You have...
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yeah. No. Well one thing I will add. It does validate in our minds not only that the strategy that we've laid out for 15 years is the right strategy. And that simulation is in fact becoming a more critical aspect of what, not only Siemens, but other of our competitors are seeing in the marketplace. So as Jim said, this has happened for 20 plus years in our industry. And our job is to continue to invest in R&D and to acquire technologies that continue to differentiate us from the rest of the pack.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks. Just the last follow-up, housekeeping question, what is your 2016 cash flow guidance?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: We are looking at currently somewhere in the $355 million to $385 million range.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Why would it be at the midpoint slot, just year-over-year?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Some of it's going to be – we had a very strong – you saw 18% growth in cash flow in Q4. And some of it will depend on the timing of when some of these deals close. So if they close early in the year, you'll see improvement. If they close later, then it may impact flow over into 2017.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anil Doradla from William Blair. Please go ahead with your question.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So, Jim, one very fundamental question that I'm trying to reconcile. So obviously you had record backlog and deferred revenue, which was great news.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: So over the 3 months when I look at – or how you looked at the 2016 outlook. You certain – had a certain growth rate. Three months later we've got this great backlog and deferred revenue. But you're tweaking your 2016 growth rates downwards. So I'm trying to reconcile. I mean even if I look at it, the backlog increased by $70 million, and the – at the midpoint, the top line comes down by $17 million, something like that. So how do I reconcile these two moving parts?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well the bottom – the first and foremost is the macro. But second of all I think the – some assumption of the buying preferences that we talked about. Again good long term and over the short term. So bottom line is the good relationship is – or the good thing is we've got a really strong relationship with our customers. And if you recall we actually were pretty good at – in the anticipation in the downturn a few years ago in the 2009, 2010 timeframe. And that came because of some relationship with the customer. But I mean, geez, even on the ride in today, picking up some of the latest forecast from Citigroup. And that was kind of echoing – that was just putting frosting on the cake of some of the things that we're already seeing. But then you see that. And then how does that ripple through? First of all, customers are – they're going through purchases a lot more carefully and judiciously. Second of all, when they buy things they might be tending to buy maybe even the same amount of licenses. But now it's being spread over. So we get that, the multiple impact of what we saw for instance with the – just that one illustrative order I talked about was the $6 million one, which is core to be (29:05) – I mean you can do the math on that one. What does $6 million in a quarter mean, versus spreading it over 22, 24 different pay periods? So it's really taking into account all of those factors and trying to give a real accurate picture of everything we're seeing. I mean in terms of the long term prospects, man, no, there's nothing changing there. I mean there are the things that we have to navigate, but everybody is going to have to navigate those type of things.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. And as a follow-up, Jim, the ELA program was kicked in, some very good sectors.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: You talked about couple of dozens to 50 people I think, or something like that. Can you just give us an update and some color on how that's playing out? And how should that play out in 2016?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well I'll tell you. First of all, it's playing out very well. And second of all, I'll tell you we're learning. I mean because – and I'm just trying to be totally open with you on this. Is that first of all, I think we mentioned the very first one at the tail end of Q4 of like – of 2014, which by the way was part of the reason for that really tough comparable we were talking about. We projected a handful, mid-single digits of those going on in 2015. And that absolutely occurred. Now we're seeing a significant increase going into double digits, numbers of those going on. But as I mentioned we're learning on these things too. So as you get to that broader base of customers, that's where we're finding out the things about – for deals of these size in this changing environment, what does that mean in terms of duration of contracts, multi-year contracts, augmentation with our cloud-type capabilities, broadening of the product line, all of those things. And keep in mind this is happening at the same time as all the economic reports are coming out and saying, hey, there's some increased volatility here. So customers are making bigger, new relationship decisions with us at the same time the environmental factors are causing a little bit more cautious. So that's what I meant by the learning process. And what that means in terms of how we structure these, because each time you to open up to a broader range of customers with these type of deals that really were unheard of before over the past time, it gets into a much broader range of contracting, delivery, additional things added on, and additional ways that we deliver that. So we're continuing to moderate that as we go forward. And then as we also mentioned we wanted to come out the gates expecting this. So now we're getting to the point where we're now being able to take this into a slightly broader range of our sales and go-to-market. Like I said we weren't just opening this up to everybody all at once and having chaos while we were learning. But we have some of those best practices already coming in play. So this is something that we see as going to be a continuing trend. And it's super good for the long term and building solid relationships with customers. But it's one of those things that – most things that are really good, they don't happen with a snap of a finger. They build over time. And we want to make sure that they build in the right manner.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Ashley from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Maria, I'd just like to ask the original fourth quarter guidance, had you made any allowance for some ratable deals to get done and for some revenue to be shifted to the balance sheet when you provided the original guidance?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yeah. So we had provided guidance. And a portion of that deal we had in our forecast. It ended up coming in much bigger than we had forecasted, but that was in the upside. Our – I would say as we went into Q4, our expectations for Asia were much stronger than where we finished. And unfortunately for us Asia still – as Jim highlighted on the call, Asia still has, particularly in the larger economies, preference for paid-ups. So when things don't cross the finish line in December, it disproportionately impacts that top line.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. And, Steve, as I mentioned before we could have – I mean we could have gone in and tried to take all that extra business that came in, which was significant, and say, oh my gosh, we had – and it wouldn't have been – it really wouldn't have meant anything long term to the customer, other than some frustration. And we'd still have the same good pace of business going forward – and going forward. So again keeping with Maria's earlier comment, we just want to make sure that right now we create as few obstacles to the customers' financial procurement of the capabilities as possible. And knowing that it's – at the end of the day the real name for us is getting more people using more software. That really flattens it out over time. Because as they start to use it, they usually don't start to unuse it or stop using it. So it almost – it's always the platform that builds on, which again you've seen over the years and the building deferred and recurring base that we have going forward. So that's a constant (34:44). And also we didn't want to get into a situation of having to give up things for – if you will for just creating some smoke and mirrors.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Sure. Absolutely. And then in terms of – so the one TBL deal is very visible optically, because of the $6 million moving from the license line. Were there any other leased base TBL deals in the period?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Yeah.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Oh yeah.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: But keep in mind there through our entire history, there have been – those things always tended to happen at a lower level. And there were some gives and there were some takes. There were some plusses and minuses. So we were – we just focused on this one illustrative one, because it is very significant. There were others that were in there, but I'm sure there were also others that might have gone the other direction. But the net trend overall was kind of – is pretty undeniable when you look at the relative growth in the leased space and along those lines. And then all I can add is anecdotally I know of at least two or three other customers as we go forward that traditionally were that. And they're looking more at going into the time base, as they go through whatever financial decisions are on their plate.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. The first one is a housekeeping. And then I'll have a second question relating to it. Do you have the sequential impact on deferred from foreign exchange? Do you have that number handy?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hang on a minute. I'd say it's close but not handy.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: $2.2 million.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Looks like a little over $2 million. Yeah.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Sorry?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I got $2 million.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: $2.2 million, Ross.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Negative, right?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yes.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Oh yeah.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. So my question relates to trying to adjust basically for all the puts and takes between how your contracting, whether business is going into deferred, whether it's going into backlog. And when I look at trailing 12-month current bookings, that's bookings to be recognized in the next 12 months, I see 6% growth. And then I look at your revenue guidance for next year and it's 7%. There's probably some FX in there. So it's probably closer to 8% plus. So I'm just trying to understand what drives the conviction in the higher revenue growth in 2016, when it looks like your trailing 12 month current bookings is closer to 6% growth?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: So, Ross, I would say it's based on what we know today, two important things. One is the strength of the pipeline. Two is we are still convinced that the investments that we made in 2015 in ramping up the sales capacity are in a maturation phase. And that they are going to yield increased productivity in 2016. And the strong bookings growth that we just saw in Q4 are three things that give us a lot of confidence. And as Jim has been mentioning, these conversations that we're having with some of our long-standing customers about expanding our presence and our footprint across their enterprise give us a lot of conviction about the long term opportunities that we have with those customers to migrate well beyond the current installed base that we have in those customers.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And the only thing I'd add – I mean again the – I absolutely agree with those points. But the general pipelines are increasing, but also the targeted number of – as we move into that ramping up, which we're trying to manage the growth of, the ELA increase, those tend to be major ones. And of course then we have to factor in the timing and the closing of those things. So you've got some very strong rifle shot anecdote information from the ELAs. You've got the general broad based from the amalgamation of the pipelines. And then you've got the intuitive aspect of that sales team that we were building up through the course of 2015 that we admittedly said it takes 1 to 2 years to get to a full – well not a full, but I mean a really strong maturation of that thing. And then you counter all of that against the macro backdrop, which also is factored into the pipeline and forecasts. And that's what it nets out. But if you look at the growth of that and the general path of bookings outpacing revenue for the quarter and the year, and doing it significantly in the latter part of the year, I mean those are all the factors that basically that went into our calculations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Koenig from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Sure.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: I'd like to get maybe really clear on some of these license definitions. And then I've got one follow-up. So, Jim, when you're using the term time-based licenses, are you using that synonymously with lease licenses? And if not what do you mean by that?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right. Yeah.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: And then related to that question, if I could just add, on the enterprise agreements. Could you please help us by characterizing those deals? To the extent you can generalize.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: How do they typically split between paid upfront and lease portions of those deals?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Yeah.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: And to what extent are those – you have VSOE issues sometimes in those deals?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well the first part is that yes I am – I guess I am conflating terms. So I use time-based license, because traditionally we used lease to be like a 12 – a typical kind of annual license or 12-month lease. To me a time-based license is a period-based thing, whether it's 12 months or it's part of those 24 months to 36 months. Maybe I should've defined that more clearly in the beginning. That's some of internal stuff that we're using. Now on the ELA thing. It tends to have some general characteristics that then can get perturbed by individuals. ELA is inconsistent. Perpetual time-based licenses, they can also even have some service associated with them. Like if you will with embedded support and the like or certain services. On top of it with those that – no matter whether it is perpetual or lease, you can run into VSOE issues. So and these – my finance colleagues here are a lot more okay with these. I mean I think this is kind of – it's very interesting when you get in you've got something. If you combine it only takes a small percentage of product added into an ELA, which are inherently broad-based in product to create a VSOE issue, where upon everything in that order has to be ratable. Even if traditionally this one chunk was – had no VSOE, and it was all time-based, and it was like a few percent of the order and then the bulk of it is the same traditional perpetual. Everything has to be – and correct me if I'm missing some nuances here. But it all gets applied over those things. So the bottom line is those tend to be – so even I'd say it's a mix, it's a matter of preference when customers decide if they want their ELAs to consist of perpetual or lease. And right now at small levels they can provide – they can have lots of choices. They can mix things in there. But once those things are put together, then you can still have something applied that still makes – forces them to be ratable. Maria, would you want to add anything?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: I think that's enough. And then we can see if Steve has anything...
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: ...he wants to ask specifically for clarification.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Sounds good. Okay. Thanks. That is helpful. So I'm going to move on then just to my second and last question, which is about the ratable portions of the ELA in conjunction with the time-based licenses overall. Is this possible to tell us ideally for 2015 and 2016 what you're expecting? How much recurring or ratable revenue you had in total, beyond just the lease revenue that you recognized? In other words the contribution from cloud to revenue, plus the contribution from the ratable portion of the ELAs? And then for 2016 is that going up by quite a bit? Are we talking 1 point, 2 points, 4 points? Any sense of how big or small this is?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The bottom line is we're at the very early stages of this transition. So yeah. I could say with a pretty good certainty it's going up. Now how much? Those are things that we're really trying to, as we proliferate this through the broader customer base. So in other words we don't have – right now we've got maybe 5, 10, 15 of these. And they're big. And they can perturb the model by a couple of percentage points. Necessarily saying that this automatically ripples to a user base of tens of thousands of customers, and to what degree and how quickly, we're not at that predictive point in terms of being able to go. However, we are – as we've mentioned before we are starting to construct some of these models as the ELA concept becomes a little bit more mature with that. As the cloud offering itself gets a little bit more mature. And as some of these buying preferences change. But there are a lot of moving pieces. And we've tried to consolidate all of those into what I think shows a pretty good stable long-term picture. But it does provide a little bit more variability over that crossover period.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: So, Steve, if I can add to that. If this will help you in building your model, our 2016 model for ourselves, trying to factor in all of these pieces, some of which we don't have certainty or precision around, because these deals are kind of – each one is customer dependent. We're looking at 58% in the software license line and 42% of revenue in the maintenance and service line. And I will also add one thing. I tried to make this in my comments, but our cloud initiation is still in its very early stages. So there is not material revenue in either 2015 or 2016 that is specific to cloud.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. That is very helpful, and I'll look forward to talking to you all in the callback. Thank you.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Question first about Q4. First, your North America revenues were down sequentially from Q3, which seems unusual. And the question is if that was solely related to the $6 million VSOE issue you mentioned? Or there was something in addition that caused that sequential decline? Also in Q4 your R&D revenues – sorry, R&D expenses were down slightly year over year and more so sequentially from Q3. And I'm wondering if there was mostly a currency effect in there? Or if there was in fact something you did organically to change R&D in Q4?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So if you – I mean if you look at it, no. That's a sheer thing in numbers. And I think you can see that when you roll that out and project that over an entire year and see that North America...
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Double digit.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...was still in that 10%, 11% range. So what you had is – I mean there were a number of factors. But if you look at three major ones. First of all, in the comparable that the huge North American-centric deal with Cummins that was mentioned in part of that – the comparable. Now Q3 you've got – we talked about another one. That was actually something that shifted forward. And so originally it was thought of in the Q4 thing. And that wound up in Q3. And then in Q4 we had the one deal where a large chunk of perpetual revenue drifted out. All of those things were factors in the – in that 5% for North America. But again projecting it over an entire year is probably the best way to look at it as an overall trend rate. And by the way we saw the same picture, albeit in the other major markets, which were like if you will that first wave of our go-to-market with Japan and Germany. It's just that we didn't have those big perturbations based on the huge orders. Does that...
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then the R&D question?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Oh I'm sorry. Yeah.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: I mean can you repeat it, Jay?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Oh sure. Your R&D was down fairly substantially from Q3, which is somewhat unusual in that case as well. And down a little bit year over year. Was that currency? Or was something else going on in terms of R&D expenses?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: No. I think most of it is, Jay, related to variable compensation.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. Looking forward, one of the things that we've seen from a number of your peers in engineering software is that they are working to consolidate or repackage their portfolios, not necessarily kill products off, but perhaps simplify into more suites and simplify the selections presented to customers. And my question there for you now with R17 is – and given the overall multi-physics strategy, is whether you've begun to do anything like that? Or are planning to do anything like that in terms of consolidating or repackaging across the various business units? And if so how might that affect any leasing or potential of pricing?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Well the bottom line is, yeah, we've been doing it. As we typically do, we do these things in waves. So the very first one was actually, first of all, simplifying each product set if you will, so the mechanical, the fluids, the electronics, bringing those into overall simplicity. Because we had – over the years we had had multiple tiers of that. Secondarily, as we then look to rationalize some of the add-on technologies if you will, the tech tuck-in acquisitions that we've been doing, as opposed to having a number of those. So those tend to get incorporated into each of their parent orbitals if you will. Then the second part of that is, okay now combining those into – now we've always had a multi-physics package. But combining those into packages. But we've even gone one step further for markets when they proved to have a certain amount of centroid of effort. So I will talk of one in specific, where you take the overall drive in everything from electronics, semiconductor, to Internet of Things. And the whole concept of chip package system type of simulation. Where you – traditionally there were individual tools applied by different groups and those kind of things. But bringing those together. And then also combining not only the pure electronic side of those. But all of the – if you will the structural, the thermal, the cooling and flow, all of those types of capabilities. Because one thing that there's – that's really a hot thing right now is that as people started to instrument things for the Internet of Things, it's not just one thing to have electronics that work and send the signals and do the readings and everything. It's important that the electronics survive the same kind of harsh and hostile environments that the products that they're mounted on are able to do. So those are probably about four very significant things. But just suffice it to say the simple answer is yes. That is a general trending. Because if anything we probably have a potentially broader issue, given the fact that we've got by far the broadest product offering. And trying to simplify that overall is a really, really key aspect for us.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yeah. Jay, what I'll also say is as the result of some of these things, we're not planning to do a significant shift between the relationship between the perpetual and lease pricing. But we're trying to harmonize it across the broad portfolio. So there's more consistency across that portfolio and across some of these new offerings.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Bersey from Mitsubishi UFJ. Please go ahead with your question.
Stephen D. Bersey - Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi.
Stephen D. Bersey - Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc.: Just wondering if you noticed any trends on your leasing side, maybe lengths of leases expanding or contracting? And also feedback during the pipeline reviews of that. Did you get any feedback from the sales force?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Stephen D. Bersey - Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc.: As far as customers that had planned on getting a license, but then snapped over to a lease?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Oh yeah. We're absolutely getting that. We're seeing that even heading into 2016. There are – and not surprisingly it's happened in some of the major geographies, most notably Japan and North America. But we are seeing those things. Now one thing I would say is that I'd say in general, in aggregate, the trends are toward longer term. But parsing down what part of that is by individual customer versus what's being influenced by the increasing number of ELAs that are inherently multi-year, I don't have a precise answer on that. And for the companies that are basically going from perpetual to lease, no matter what timeframe they elect for on that, it's not like we're comparing somebody that used to do a 12-month lease now going to a 24- or 36-month lease. Someone who used to do perpetual going to any kind of lease, which in and of itself is a fairly significant kind of question. But I'd say in general if you look at it right now, sweet spot is typically about 2 to 3 years. I'd say – yeah. And in general sometimes people will even try to look at both of your things, even though the financial commitment will stretch out into years four and five, albeit – and when that happens we don't count that, because that's really not a contractual order at that point in time. Did I cover every – did we cover each point of your...
Stephen D. Bersey - Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc.: Indeed. Yeah, and maybe just for ...
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay.
Stephen D. Bersey - Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc.: ... Europe, looks like Germany is trending nicely here. But wondering if you have any color on France, the U.K.? And please let us know if you've been over there. I know you traveled a lot recently.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Yeah. I was actually – I've been in the U.K. twice the last 3 months as a matter of fact. And actually France only once. But those obviously – mathematically you can see that those are a little bit tougher areas. You look at – I'd say that in particular, part of our U.K. business is seeing some of the stuff. Even though our North American business was strong, because it's a broad base of things, we mentioned before the Texas area and the impact of the – of oil and energy, had an impact there. Not an inconsequential part of our U.K. business of course is North Sea and that type of thing. So there's an element of that. So that was felt along those lines. France had some difficulties. Oddly enough they're smaller parts of the business, but yet some of our – a couple of our Mediterranean areas actually did pretty nice performance. So it's a little bit of a mixed bag. But holistically it's been a little bit more sedate. It's just that – when you get – basically what it gets down to more is not necessarily country by country, but where you've got the major multinational companies that are competing on the global stage. They're competing globally. They're not competing just in Europe. And there just tends to be a higher clump of those in the markets like Germany. That's really more of what we're seeing, as opposed to what's the GNP of any individual country.
Stephen D. Bersey - Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Schappel from Benchmark. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Jim, switching gears for a little bit. With the R17 release it appears that the company's marketing materials are promoting as kind of a meaningful step change in capabilities, rather than just nice, linear incremental improvements.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Co. LLC: I was wondering if that's way you would characterize the release in functionality? And if that is the case, maybe you could just highlight just a few of the significant features in the R17 release...
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well...
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Co. LLC: ...that you think will catch the attention of engineers.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well I think the main thing – I think the key thing is – and first of all I'll just say that every release that we've had the last 10 years has been sequentially significantly better than the previous one. And I'd be really disappointed if when [version] 18 comes out that we're not saying exactly the same thing. But really to highlight it, we've talked about a couple of things, is really it looks in terms of how can you actually compress the cycles that people can meaningfully go through a range of these different evaluations? Because we really want people early on being able – the earlier simulation is applied, the earlier you can avoid downstream problems, the more robust you can make things, the more alternatives you can look at to really drive innovation. That's really the key of it. But what was the problem? Two main things. First of all, the performance and throughput. And second of all, ease of use. Now it's not like you attack ease of use, and you throw the switch one day, and automatically it's there. I mean just look at what happened with the home PC from 1985 all the way to even the current time with tablets. There was ease of use progression through each stage of that. But – and each one created additional business. But it took a number of applications of that to make that go. So we've actually done that. If you look at really the – some of the main messages are if you will, reducing by significant amounts the amount of time it takes to actually get a model. Really at the end of the day we'd love to have somebody just not even worrying. They're just really trying to simulate their product, seeing what's there. And not get caught up in all the nuances of all the modeling aspect or have to spend a lot of time doing that. And that's one area where we've done quite a bit. Secondarily is we look in terms of how long does it take? I mean it used to take – sometimes these things would crank for days in terms of getting results. But with high performance computing and actually some really, really significant things we've done in terms of high performance computing and performance overall, being able to take things that might have cranked for a day, and now allow somebody to get things in a matter of minutes. Well if you do that – it's not like I do a run, I go home at night, let it crank, come back the next morning and each cycle takes a day. If you're taking like 10 minutes or something like that, you can actually go through a number of progressive things. Likewise I'd say that – on one of the earlier questions, we talked about what we were doing in terms of actually continuing to drive multi-physics. I mentioned the chip packet system. Well it used to be that a lot of these things were done sequentially by different groups using different mathematics. It had to be massaged and go together. And sometimes the workflow is just making it to the point where you don't have to have the equivalent of 30 adapter cables when you're hooking up some kind of an electronics system and being able to go – you'll go through all of those things. So that's – if you look at, that's really been some of the major portion of that going forward. So again performance, ease of use, and actually getting these work flows compressed. But even once you do that, as soon as you say well I've got multiple groups working together, now you have to also contend with the fact of, hey, there's organizational resistance to change. And there's also some things that companies have to do to get repeatable processes in and of their own capabilities. And that's one reason why I'd say the final thing has been related to – we've talked about the – basically the customization tool kits that we had invoked in there. And we've been able to proliferate those across a lot broader range of products, which allow individual companies to take pretty strong generic software and now tailor it to something that they can create as repeatable processes. Those are probably the major things that I think are particularly significant. But on top of it I mean there's – in every one of our individual products, there's been a number of individual things. We'll get into it a little bit at Investor Day coming up. And there's some pretty good information on the website along with some – actually some customer testimonials, because when they actually come through and see – say they saw these measurement things, it probably means a lot more than our – what our technologists or media or anybody inside ANSYS is talking about. That's really where the proof points are.
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the allotted time for today's question-and-answer session. At this point I would like to turn the conference call back over to Mr. Cashman for any closing remarks.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Oh okay. So well thanks, everybody, for the questions. And to recap basically, I'd say first, continued good diversified financial performance of most the major parameters of the business, even in light of the current environment and hazy build visibility. Secondly, sustained customer interest that is marked by activity on a broad front. And I think that's evidenced – I mean we talked about it on some of the questions here with the industries, geographies. And I'd also mention the commitment levels and renewal rates, even while customers are going through a lot of additional discretion in terms of what they're doing. Obviously the last question we talked about, the rapidly expanding product portfolio that we continue to augment with a range of partnerships and relationships. Not only on the technology side, but also in distribution and customers. And I'd say maybe most importantly is over the long term, we've demonstrated an ability to grow the revenue in line with our range of guidance. And we still maintain the solid margins and delivered earnings growth in a range of economic situations. So a testament to the business model. So basically the long-term outlook stays bullish. And basically to map this out it means first, the long-term premise and opportunity are still there. And we still have the best technology and the team to meet those. Secondly, even at the floor of our assumptions, we continue to have solid business with good returning revenues, marquee customer relationships, and all of these combine for good earnings and cash flow. So we'll be focusing on maintaining strong operating margins in the upper 40s%, while continuing to build our annuity base of recurring revenues, and expanding at the maximum rate allowed by the macro market conditions. And then lastly, we – as Maria mentioned, we have a very strong balance sheet. It affords us a maximum flexibility should opportunities present themselves or should the macro economy even deteriorate further than some people are projecting. So we've seen over the years that the continued revenue performance creates upside margins. But that the revenue performance – and again it's only sustainable with continued product and business investments. So we remain committed to that. So in close, the emphasis is going to be a continued focus on execution, continued technological leadership, and basically supported by our 45 plus years of history. The customer acceptance of the existing vision is – and unique value proposition, the expansion of our product portfolio and through ANSYS 17, it really only bolsters our long-term enthusiasm. So I'd like to say thanks to our customers. I'd like to say thanks to my ANSYS colleagues and our long-standing partners. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. And we'll be talking to you again in a few months.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your telephone lines.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-05 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Arvind Ramnani - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors David M. Stratton - Great Lakes Review
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to ANSYS Third Quarter 2015 Conference Call. Please note, this event is being recorded. With us today are Mr. Jim Cashman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Cashman for some opening remarks.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Emily. And good morning, everybody, and thank you all for joining us to discuss our third quarter and year-to-date fiscal results. Before we get started, I'll introduce Maria Shields, our CFO, for our Safe Harbor statement. Maria?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks documents have been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning, and they contain all of the key financial information and the supporting data relative to our quarter and year-to-date financial results and business update, as well as our current Q4, fiscal year 2015 and preliminary 2016 outlook, and the key underlying assumptions that we've factored into that outlook. I would like to remind everyone that, in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight, during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance, as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. And finally, during the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K. So with that, I'll turn it back over to you, Jim, for some opening remarks.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Maria.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Absolutely.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd like to start with a recap of the results excuse me, that the ANSYS team achieved in Q3. The results of the third quarter really are reflective of solid execution in what I'll call a mixed operating environment. Our non-GAAP revenue for the quarter of $238 million came in at the high end of our expected range and our non-GAAP EPS of $0.90 per share exceeded the high end of our guidance. We achieved top-line growth of 9% on a constant currency basis. Several geographies experienced strong constant currency growth, actually most notably in our top three geographies; Japan was up 13%, North America up 14% and Germany up 15%. Those results are demonstrative of the early success in bolstering our sales organization and focusing our efforts on major accounts, which we've talked about on prior calls. However, during the quarter there were also some lower ends on the performance scale; France, South Korea, the UK and Taiwan were notable. But fortunately, the diversity of our model, both geographically and across industries, helps to mitigate the volatility in revenue. Our recurring revenue base continued to be strong at 72% of revenues for the quarter and 73% year-to-date. In addition, with the deepening of relationships with major accounts and growth of time-based licenses, we continue to see growth in deferred revenue and backlog. It's also worth mentioning that, on a constant currency basis, we achieved 10% growth in paid-up revenue and 12% in maintenance revenue. However, the growth in the lease business on our bookings has been impacted by the slowing growth in the Apache business, primarily due to the recent consolidation in the semiconductor industry. Historically, these have been Apache's largest and fastest growing customers. Now, we think this actually creates opportunities and we've taken proactive steps, including the acquisition of Gear Design, to expand our market opportunity and to focus the technology on the problems of the future to reaccelerate our growth in this sector. So to this end, we've also created a market-unique solution for a complete chip-package-system workflow to support the growing trends in the market, particularly Internet of Things. And then finally, we're increasingly seeing that some of our industrial customers are brining chip design in-house to better control their design processes. We have active initiatives in place to leverage our longstanding relationships with them to expand the use of Apache technologies beyond their traditional customer base. Now, as some additional commentary on revenue, at the beginning of the year and at Investor Day we discussed a series of sweeping enhancements to our go-forward sales model. Now, the majority of these have yielded positive outcomes, most notably the capacity increases and the increase to (04:56) named accounts. While the hiring and productivity ramps were slightly behind the ideal schedule, and we've talked about that in the last couple of calls, we've seen some of the expected trends come to pass. Now, one part of the model that's not taken hold as quickly is the channel's contribution to new business production. Now, some of this is a function of coordinating independent companies, and then preparing them for broader portfolio coverage. But, nevertheless, performance issues have been felt. So our channel has been a positive factor in some major regions, as I previously mentioned, as Japan and Germany. So it's not an unreasonable goal, but we need to have all elements contributing to meet the potential. And this will be a major focus for us heading into Q4 and 2016, in addition to continuing our progress in the other areas. Now, of course, our focus goes well beyond the top line. And for the third quarter, we achieved non-GAAP gross margins of over 89% and operating margins of 48%, which was at the high end of our expected range. From an operational standpoint, we had several notable accomplishments during the quarter. I think I'll take time to maybe highlight three of them. So first was the August release of ANSYS 16.2. This is the next logical step towards the creation of virtual prototypes of complete systems, which is unique in the marketplace. 16.2 release also offers new physics simulation applications, including advancements in heat transfer and thermal-stress, gas flows, structural deformation and stress. And these new features, on top of the cloud capabilities which were introduced in May, continue to separate ANSYS from the competition. Secondly, in September, we announced the acquisition of Delcross Technologies, a premier developer of emag simulation and radio frequency system analysis. The acquisition will enable ANSYS users to understand how antennae interact within their operating environments and how this behavior affects the system's overall ability to transmit and receive data without interference. Now this is obviously a critical functionality, as more and more devices become connected to the Internet of Things, and it further enhances the competitive advantages of our platform. And then finally, and most recently, we also announced that we were the chosen simulation partner for GE's Predix cloud platform, which is the first and only cloud offering for industrial data and analytics. The cloud platform enables companies and industries, such as aviation, transportation, oil and gas, and healthcare, to drive insight and enable faster decision making from real-time analytics. While still in its early stages, the impact of this collaboration has enormous potential for users as efficiency and productivity gains could amount to hundreds of billions of dollars of savings over the next 15 years, according to GE. Now, before I turn the call over to Maria to delve a little deeper into the financial results, I also want to point out how aggressive we remain in returning capital to our shareholders. The resiliency of our revenue model enables us to invest in the organic growth of our business, also to augment that growth through strategic acquisitions and returning capital to shareholders simultaneously. Now, during the third quarter, we purchased 1.25 million shares of common stock for $114 million, and that brings our year-to-date share repurchases to 2.8 million shares for $243 million. At the end of the third quarter, we still had approximately 3 million shares of capacity left in our share repurchase program. And consistent with the plan that we outlined at Investor Day back in June, we intend to dedicate a portion of our strong free cash flow to returning capital to shareholders in Q4 and into fiscal year 2016. So with that brief highlights, I'll now turn it back over to Maria to discuss our fourth quarter, full year and preliminary 2016 guidance, before we move into Q&A. Maria?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Okay. Thanks, Jim. So as we outlined in this morning's press release, we've initiated our outlook for Q4, starting with non-GAAP revenue in the range of $252 million to $260 million, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.83 to $0.88. So that guidance for Q4 reflects a number of assumptions based upon our current view of the macro and our business overall. So first, ongoing pressure from FX, which we and all other multinational companies have felt all year long; continued weakness in Asia Pacific, particularly in South Korea and in the state-owned enterprise business in China, as concerns around growth have caused the economy and our business to soften; continued channel weakness in new business production; and increasing mix shift towards enterprise license agreements, which is expanding our relationships with key customers, but, at the same time, having the effect of shifting near-term revenues over the term of the agreement; and a higher tax rate, as the five years of tax benefits associated with the change in the structure in Japan expired in the third quarter. And last, but not least, as Jim mentioned earlier, our forecast also reflects the positive impact that we're seeing from the investments that we've made throughout 2015 in our direct sales force capacity. And for 2016, our preliminary outlook is non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1.01 billion to $1.05 billion, and non-GAAP EPS of $3.58 to $3.76. And I will caution, we are still in the process of working through all the details of the 2016 operating plan. But for now, we are assuming no significant changes either way in the overall macro climate. So further details around specific currency rates and other key assumptions that we've factored into our guidance are contained in the prepared remarks that we posted on the Investor Relations homepage earlier this morning. So with that, Emily, we will now open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is from Anil Doradla of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning, Jim and Maria. This is actually Joe Hotis (11:31) in for Anil. A quick regarding deferred revenue and backlog. Looks like we saw a pretty significant sequential decrease in both, and I'm wondering if you can provide us with some more color on the basis for that decline?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yeah, I think...
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Go ahead.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Go ahead, Jim.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the main thing you'll see is that – what you're seeing is the impact of, in particular, the multi-year deals. So for instance, in Q3 of last year, we had $30 million, $40 million, for instance, of multi-year deals from the Apache business sector. And of course, those things aren't – while there might be some small adds over that time, there really is not a – there's not a planned renewal for those. That really speaks back to the things we talked about and we're really still working on, because it's a complicated set of things, but coming up with some form of an annualization of those booking rates. We just don't want to throw out numbers prematurely. But that was an expected consequence, in addition to the other things that we mentioned with regard to the Apache business in the main part of the call, I made a couple of comments on there. But the backlog thing you're seeing there is almost predominantly driven by that impact, and you'll see those kind of timing things go on, particularly as the number of those three-year, four-year deals increased over time, because they tend to also be very large volume deals.
Unknown Speaker: Right. Okay, great. And then, from more of a competitive perspective, are you seeing any threat from EDA companies and CAD companies adding on simulation themselves?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, no change in the trend. Keep in mind, most CAD players on both sides of the electronics and mechanical space have had some form of analysis capabilities bolted on for a decade or two. So, obviously, you'll see a number of those people continuing to, my guess is, in addition to adding other things as addition to going down different industry tunnels and things like that, you might see that type of thing. But I really don't think that it changes – we really haven't seen anything that changes the competitive landscape along those lines. It's really just kind of more of the same. Now, obviously, I think one thing that gets a little bit different is when you start looking at the, we think, for instance the Internet of Things, which is still evolving itself, but there is an amazing amount of work there. But the thing there is (14:11) one where there's almost a perfect collision of the electronic and mechanical worlds because you have to have those type of devices, but they also have to have the same survivability built in also, which are very like structural and mechanical and thermal kind of situations. And we haven't really seen anything along those particular lines.
Unknown Speaker: Okay, great. And then if I can just squeeze in one more, you noticed or you noted, and you have before, that hiring ramps were behind schedule again. And I noticed it was pretty much flat year-over-year. And we follow your head count or your job openings online and we've seen a little fluctuation there. Can you talk about how that build-up is playing out and what your outlook is for the fourth quarter and moving into 2016?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I have to break that into two parts. First of all is that, yes, it was behind the ramp a little bit. We were pretty much – through Q3, we've pretty much kind of caught up now. But what that means is, the body (15:07) is in place doesn't mean that they've now come up the productivity ramp. So you'll still see some tailing activities of that going forward. Now, the second part of that that I really can't speak to, because we're in the process of finalizing the 2016 plan, is to what degree we might come out of the ramps in 2016 with a certain one and to what degree we might even take advantage of Q4 to try to pre-load some of those. And I really don't have an answer for that right now because we don't have those numbers nor do we have the final approved plan.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Great. Thanks you.
Operator: The next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Jim, in your prepared remarks, you noted that...
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Hey, Jay, how are you doing?
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Hi. You noted that one of the reasons that Asia has such a pronounced effect on the business is not just the macro weakness, but that they have a propensity for doing perpetual licenses. The question is, if you could talk about the license mix in vertical market terms? For example, when you look at electronics, you noted Apache's high degree of lease revenue. But when you look at auto and other markets, are there any meaningful distinctions or trends that you might like to comment about as it concerns perpetual versus lease mix?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I'd say, probably if you look at industry standpoints, the one where we saw a universal dip, and this is through Latin America, this is through parts of the U.S. even though the U.S. performed in the mid-teens, this affected the UK as I mentioned, the oil and gas expenditures are noticeably down. They tend to be one of the more cyclical industries that we get involved in. Electronics, in general, probably maybe a little bit, we see some turbulence. I think that's where we see a lot of our turbulence in, I mentioned South Korea. And there's also some other shifts going on in there. But from that standpoint, it was – as opposed to industry specific, in a couple of those major markets, they tended to be more governed by some of the turmoil that was actually going on in the macro markets of those.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yeah. So, Jay, just to follow on, one of the things I'll say, particularly, I think you asked about electronics, if you take a look at the commentary in the prepared remarks, we specifically called out one of the large perpetual deals. In electronics, I'd say it's kind of bifurcated. The traditional buyers of the Apache technology, that are also buyers of EDA technology, tend to prefer time-based licenses. However, on the legacy ANSYS side of the equation, those buyers still (18:17) that are largely the procurers of the legacy Ansoft technology, they still are very much perpetual model. So a large electronics customer in North America in Q3 expanded the footprint of ANSYS technology, but using perpetual model. So we will...
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: ...continue, as we've been saying, because I know many people in our space seem to be wanting to push customers into a certain licensing model, we are going to continue to have a hybrid model that allows them to choose whatever option they want as long as it's our technology.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think it's fair to probably note that while there has been a continuing shift toward the time-based licenses, we have had even a couple companies that have moved upstream that used to be traditional lease people that come forth into perpetual. The holistic move is toward more of the time-based. And of course, we're still in the middle of the ramp-up phases of the cloud business. So emphasizing Maria's point that basically what we don't want to do is create some artificial constructs. Our business model will evolve in the direction of the market. But in the interim, we don't want to create any stumbling blocks based on pure acquisition of the technology.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: All right. My follow-up has to do with your channel comments. Actually I do have a clarification question on Apache. But on the channel, earlier this year, you segmented the channel between what you call the Elite and Standard designations. And could you dive into that a little bit more as to how that's going? Is it the Elite that perhaps might not be performing or the Standard or both? And could you just elaborate on that? And then on Apache, shouldn't we have expected any way that their growth might have slowed? They were pretty strongly in the mid-to-high teens for quite a while. So they would at least have had a tough year-over-year comp, and they already have at least half of their addressable space in EDA. So shouldn't we have expected any way that their growth might have slowed irrespective of the consolidation of the customer base?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, first of all, we did expect that, but it was accelerated by some of the movements we've seen there. However, one of the things that was most important was the evolution of that technology from being primarily a validation tool at the end of the process to a design tool throughout the process, pretty much along the way that we've taken the rest of the technology. That was one of the main things that we've been driving with the development plans as well as the acquisition of Gear and some of the other things that we've done along those lines. So that's progressing, but it was a little bit more perturbed than usual. Now with regard to the channel question, you asked about the Elite. In general, I probably have to say that holistically it's not been uniform. It's not like the Elites all did well and the second tier (21:21), but most of the goodness happened in Elite, and I think I kind of underscored that. If you look at the overall performance in Germany and Japan, obviously those are areas where we have longstanding, more mature channel partners, who happen to be Elite Channel Partners in that particular standpoint. So they cover broader portfolio already. They didn't have some of the issues that are involved in broadening out to cover some of those capabilities. And again, sometimes with the smaller independent channels, the movement, whether it's expanding their channel, getting certifications, things like that are key. That's going to be a major focus and that's what stretched out. That's why we don't see maybe the same commensurate production from them at the end of the year as we're going to see in some of the other parts of the business. You'll see a spread between there. However, that's going to be a major focus for us going on. And like I said before, it's not like, "Oh, the channel can't handle this" because we have evidences of some of the really good channel partners who are just keeping step with us and that's the thing we're going to do. All in all, most of the things we did with the sales force evolution has borne fruit, but we'd just point this one out as one that needs additional work, but we've got our sights on it and we know what the issues are.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thanks very much.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Ashley of Robert W. Baird & Co. Please go ahead.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi, thanks. I would just like to ask about TBLs in the fourth quarter and I don't know if you're going to be able to put a number around this, but what kind of dollar impact might happen or occur in the fourth quarter because of the shift year-over-year to TBL purchases?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Steve, I could make up a number, but there'd be no precision to it. We know that those deals are being worked. And whether or not they make it to Q4 or they push to Q1, we've tried to factor all of that in to our outlook. But we do know of a few traditional deals that are being worked that those customers in past times have used year-end monies, but have gone the perpetual route. And because of the terms and conditions of what we're working with them, those deals will manifest themselves as ratable recognition as opposed to paid-up revenue in the fourth quarter.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Quite frankly, we know we have some other very large deals that are coming in, but they're going to come in as time-based license, which means you're going to see the expected depression in the first quarter of the implementation, be it Q4, Q1, you should also see that kind of catch-up over the course of the year. For that matter, some of the deals have gotten complicated to the point where we run across the thing which our finance people love and sometimes I've groused at, but it's called VSOE, but it's – vendor-specific objective evidence. And it's essentially, even sometimes when perpetual deals come in with a much broader structure attached to them, we may still have to ratably spread those over. And that's some of the things that you're seeing, which optically look one way, but it's still building a reasonable book of business.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Right. And then as you look out to 2016, you provided guidance, and currently you have a couple of areas that are soft. You talked about South Korea, you talked about the United Kingdom, maybe even the oil and gas business, what are your (25:07) assumptions and what do you think about those businesses regarding 2016 guidance, in general?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: In general, Steve, since we see no indication of improvement and I don't have any crystal balls, we're just going to assume that it's going to continue to be soft. And that's why we've got, at least initially, a wider spread on the top-line outlook, just to compensate for things that hopefully get better, but may get a little worse before they get better, we just don't know. So we've tried to factor in everything that we know today into our very preliminary outlook for next year. And as I said, we're still working through the details of the top-down and bottoms-up and everything that's going to into it. So, it is preliminary.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And by the same thing, since nobody has asked, but somebody may ask, we're likewise not expecting Russia to return to its performance when it was one of the uprising BRICS two years or three years ago. We're still kind of expecting it at its purely (26:16) sedate level. So when we see those type of things, if we don't see the evidence going forward, bottom line is, if it does pick up, we already have the relationships, we already have the support structure in place. In most cases, we're just telegraphing some keys over to them and we can cover that, but we're just not building that into our overall assumptions. It'll be upside if it improves.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Perfect. Thanks.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, thanks. Want to drill further, I guess, into the perpetual side. You mentioned the ones that might go TBL for the fourth quarter, but you had the large deal that closed during the third quarter to aid the upfront or perpetual results. What does the pipeline look for the fourth quarter and how much, to your point, did you factor in the potential for softness or slippage within the new guidance?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: So, Sterling, what I'll say is, no doubt, when we last talked to you guys in early August, we were feeling much better about the world than where it ended up at the end of the quarter. The good news is, and we've been saying, the sales pipeline was strong enough that, as some of the fallout happened in Asia Pac at the end of the quarter, we were able to make that up with other deals that were in the pipeline and that were being worked. That deal that went perpetual, it was in the forecast. We knew it was coming. So luckily, there were enough other things happening that sales was able to compensate for the fallout in Asia Pac in Q3. But as we look at the Q4 pipeline, because of the composition of the deals and the likelihood that those deals that will come in will be ratably recognized, we just wanted to factor that in. And that's why we adjusted the guidance down, to try to deal with the fact that some of those just will not hit the top-line all-in in Q4.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No, I think that's fair. A follow-up question; I know it's tiny, but just so that we talk about it, what was the revenue contribution to the quarter, and to the guidance, from the new acquisitions?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: From Delcross?
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yep, and from Gear?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: It's less than, yes, about $1 million.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yep. I knew it was small, but again, I just wanted to ask. So $1 million to September, and is that kind of what we should think the run rate contribution, or does it ramp up a little bit for the next couple quarters?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: No, for Q4, I think that's probably kind of in line as well. That new technology, as you know, it takes a while. We are preparing all the materials and we're going to begin the training for the channel and for our own field, but it's going to take a while for some of those things to have an impact.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And the other thing, and I mean exactly what Maria said, but additionally, one of the things we really liked about Delcross was the way that it just automatically complemented another one of our flagship products, HFSS, for basically the high frequency. And in keeping with all of our acquisitions, one of the first things we want to do is get that technical interaction – the technical integration done between those. So there's a natural link for people buying and it's just not buying a couple of random, dissociated products. Another thing, it came on because you're asking a little bit about the future and the build-up these things. We've actually seen quite a build-up in the pipeline, in particular, of the enterprise license agreements. So it's well more than a doubling of the opportunity there. And the general pipelines have also been building up. But now, bringing those in, getting the channel where you're able to (30:37) address those, taking those over a spread period, and also realizing that, particularly as the ELAs come in, that they – again, they start out ratably, they build up nicely, but they start out along those ways. So those forward signs are still in the same level of positivity.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you, guys.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Koenig of Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Good morning, Maria and Jim.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Hello.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: One question and then one follow-up. I'd like to get more specific about the ELAs. And so you've talked about the mix shift that could happen in Q4 and you talked about the shift to leases, and you've also talked about a potential shift to more ELAs. Can you be a little more specific about the ELAs versus the leases, and how much of your mix are we talking about for the ELAs?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: And this mix shift more generally, what's the composition of it?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, first of all, I guess inherently leases are traditionally time-based licenses themselves. However, the time is usually pegged right at 12 months. I mean there are a couple of exceptions there. They also can be anywhere over the spread in terms of revenue. They can be anywhere from $20,000 leases to a few-hundred-thousand-dollar kind of leases. Enterprise license agreement has typically – typically it is time-based license. It is typically multi-year, as we discussed a little bit on some of the ebbs and flows of the Apache business for instance, typically being around three years to four years, almost always multi-product type of sales, which can be a little bit – sometimes it can be more complicated from a sell, it can be a little bit more complicated from a buy, as different buying centers inside of companies try to figure out how they're going to handle the purchase requisition and things like that. So that's the fundamental difference. And what we're seeing is that – I'd probably say that in general that leases have been a pretty steady, nice portion of our business for years. And those portions are staying somewhat – we see them inching up a little bit, but there is not a huge sea change there. Where we are seeing major shifts are when people go from, if you will, like generation one of usage patterns to now a much more prolific use of those. And when they do that, now the purchase dynamics change, and that in almost all cases is where you see the ELAs get invoked. And I'd say in most cases, they tend to slightly protract the buying cycle, but we've already seen some of the positive results even in light of that.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yeah. And Steve, just one thing I'll add to that is don't expect that this is like hundreds of customers. What you're really talking about is a targeted group of probably, right now over the course of the next 12 months, let's just say 20 that have been identified as real opportunities, both on their side of the equation as well as ours, to expand the use of simulation broader across those enterprises beyond what they've historically done. And as you said, it's been a year now. Our first one that we announced was almost a year ago in the fourth quarter in the form of Cummins. So they take much longer because some of it are, as Jim said, internal politics and budgeting and who's going to pay for it. But when they do happen, they are then, I'll just call it, a next important step in our journey with these customers, many of them which have been using our technology for decades.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And one thing I'll add (34:37) when you talk about the current pipeline being – we're dealing with 20, couple dozen, or something like that. If you look at the ones that we're engaging with that might be in a multi-year buying cycle, you're getting closer to the 50 and above, which is more along the lines of the named accounts that we're moving too. But again, these things tend to be highly developmental.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay. Thanks for that. My one follow-up is on the GE partnership. Could you give us a little bit more color about some of the milestones in that partnership? And specifically, in terms of when revenues might start to flow from that and who's going to be selling it and target market?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Are you talking about Predix?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Predix.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Yes, Predix, yes.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Okay. So what I think the initial steps relative to that relationship, Steve, are really going to be expanding the growth within GE itself in some of the places within GE where ANSYS historically does not have as broad a footprint as say some of the very early adopters like aircraft engines. And then over time, we see that as an opportunity as their platform expands to then be able to offer our simulation as an important part of that Predix platform. But given that this was just announced, we see this evolving over time. But the first manifestation of that will really be expanding our footprint within the GE businesses themselves.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd say that the primary thing is – the interesting thing is that this was both predicated and facilitated by the fact that it really is right in line with our stated product roadmap for the last two years or three years. So the fact is there was something that we immediately were able to plug in to. So it's not even – I mean it's an area we're going to invest in, but it's really not, if you'd call it, an investment area in the standpoint of cordoning off and siphoning off a bunch of different resource in kind of a Skunk Works kind of product. And GE's been a great customer of ours for a number of years. A couple of years ago, we actually announced we had signed a joint technology development agreement with them to kind of push this new technology. And I don't think – maybe people can't say exactly where all this technology is going, but nobody denies the fact that it's going to be very large. And being partnered with the best companies in the world has always been a really good thing for us on a long-term product standpoint.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Absolutely.
Operator: And our next question is from Ross MacMillan of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks a lot for taking my questions. So, Jim and Maria, I understand the shift towards time-based license has a depressing effect on the P&L, but if I look at bookings, that should mitigate that impact because we should capture what's going both into deferred and into backlog. And the bookings number this quarter, I think, was relatively weak. And I'm just trying to understand, six months ago we were talking about the potential for acceleration in the business. Obviously, the global macro is not what we thought it might be, but is there anything else going on in the business that's creating this, I guess, what I view at least in this quarter as a softer bookings number?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yeah. I think, Ross, Jim addressed this earlier, but just in case there's other people who didn't hear it. If you're just looking at Q3 specifically, the decline is because of about $30 million worth of deals that were booked last year in the third quarter related to the Apache business, which were in fact time-based licenses. So we booked them. They will roll out into revenue over the course of two years or three years depending on the length of them. So we knew that they were not going to renew them again this year. So when big deals like that happen, they can cause lumpiness in bookings in, if you're looking at it, period-to-period.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And actually, we look at those numbers too. And we saw and dug into them pretty quickly. And if you take out that multi-year impact of the Apache thing, the bookings growth are right in line with the revenue growth.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Constant currency.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Constant currency (39:29).
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, okay. And then just one question just to help my math. Do you have the FX impacts on the deferred revenue balance sequentially? Do you have that at hand?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: It's about $300,000.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, so pretty small. Okay, that's great. That's all from me. Thank you.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Monika Garg of Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks for taking my question. First on the Apache side, if I look at – none of the EDA companies have yet called out any impact on their business of semi consolidation, they do talk about it could impact them. But you did talk about Apache, you are seeing some impact. So question is do you think maybe it's the competition from either EDA companies catching up in that field or maybe as semi industry consolidates, they're also consolidating their EDA vendors and maybe given that traditional EDA vendors, Synopsys, Cadence, Mentor, have complete line of solutions in that, they are consolidating towards those companies?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: So what I would say is traditionally the Apache business has been heavily, heavily influenced by the top 20 in semis. And so as these renewals come up, no doubt when two or four or six of their largest customers now become half, no doubt the capacity that they used to consume when they were standalone companies is not as great as the capacity that they're going to consume going forward. That is why we have tried to take a look at where that technology and where those customers are going into the future, and have acquired technology like Gear to drive the use of that technology to solve the problems of the future, as well as created new uses and workflows with not only their technology, but other technology we have in our portfolio to also address the needs of customers. And some customers who were not traditional Apache customers is where we see expanding our footprint with that technology. So it is having an impact, but we believe there are opportunities, as we shift our direction and our execution, to reaccelerate some of the growth in that business.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you. Then just the follow-up. You've talked about double-digit top line growth, but if you look year-to-date constant currency, it has been less than 10%. And your next year kind of outlook is still, midpoint, about 7.5%. So maybe, could you talk about – is it that, given that your business is now close to $1 billon top line, that it is harder to grow double-digit, or is it something else? Thank you.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: No doubt, it's always hard to grow double-digit. But, as we look at some of the areas of the business that are softer, some of them are, no doubt, they are macroeconomic and there's nothing we can do about it. Jim mentioned – Russia a few years back was tremendous growth for us. However, given the situation, there's just not a lot of technology that's being deployed in Russia these days, at least not Western technology. But, the things that we are doing on the direct sales capacity, and signs that we're seeing, give us confidence. And North America, Germany, and Japan, which are our three largest markets, all growing constant-currency double-digits, we know it can be done, but we've got work to do in the elements of the business that are not producing, putting aside macro issues, particularly in new business production in the channel. It's just got to get better, or we're going to have to do something about it. But we still have confidence that, if the macro were working in our favor and the things that we know could, let's just say from an execution perspective, be stronger, we could get to the high end of the guidance, as opposed to the midpoint. But for now, it's early and we're trying to give you a spread that we believe compensates for the things that will go well, as well as the things that won't go so well.
Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you so much.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Absolutely.
Operator: Our next question is from Arvind Ramnani, Gordon Haskett. Please go ahead.
Arvind Ramnani - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors: Hi. I just wanted to sort of follow up on Steve's question, and just address it a little bit more broadly. You've talked about targeting the wider engineering community. You have various efforts to expand your target market base. But how are you sort of measuring your progress? You're obviously not going to go from like a 10% to like a 90% over a short period of time. But how are you thinking you'll progress to reach that broader client base?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the main thing we look at is, as we've always shown, like at an Investor Day when we show some of the statistics, obviously, with 45,000 customers, they don't all unveil all that. We couldn't handle all that data. But by sampling the top 100 or so, that roughly represent around 30% of our business, a really good sampling technique, we look at the average penetration by number of users. There's one thing that talks about, you might have people buying higher levels of software, and we've had that happening. We've seen HPC continue to grow, but looking at the number of users that are growing in those things. Now, the one thing – and it's pretty evident, is that entering into an enterprise license agreement almost always signals a broader base of those people. But again, if you will, it's moving down that pyramid of usage, as opposed to, it's not just one big step function of opening up the floodgates.
Arvind Ramnani - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors: Great. That's helpful. And a similar question on kind of the broader opportunities that the Internet of Things and your products. Clearly these may be kind of smaller revenue contributors in the near term, but over time they may end up contributing a bigger portion of it, portion of your growth to come from these newer (46:16) initiatives. So what are some of the interim things (46:18) that you use to measure kind of success with these newer initiatives that you're sort of investing in, in these new initiatives?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, so for instance, there are different centroids. While the Internet of Things for instance requires, as we mentioned before, not only the electronic functioning, but the structural reliability and survivability. We see those things, the first wave of those (46:40) we look at those product lines, and where we see growth by different customers going in there. So for instance, it started off with – the electronics business unit has been a little bit stronger for us in the last couple of quarters, moving the dial in that particular direction. The second thing we'll be able to track is, because we put together some specific packaging that relates to this overall concept of a comprehensive view of chip-package-system being able to look at how those packages, how quickly they gain traction as sellable entities, because those are really focused towards some of these end-user use cases.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Arvind, one other thing I'll add, when you talk about some of the initiatives, and you've seen some of our recent announcements around startups. Startups, they have a very short lifecycle. They can either make it or they don't make it. So simulation is a huge opportunity for them to take their brilliant idea and either turn it into something like the Nebia shower or go out of existence. And so we've been also targeting, not only our larger accounts where we know we are underpenetrated, and there is a huge opportunity to grow within those; but also at the other end of the spectrum, we are focusing on things like startups as well as the new academic offering that we put out a couple months ago relative to targeting future users in academia through giving them access to technology so that they can get familiar with ANSYS technology. So we are doing a number of things at the high end and at the low end to try to continue to democratize the use of simulation across the broader population.
Arvind Ramnani - Gordon Haskett Research Advisors: Great. That's very helpful and good luck for the rest of the year.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
David M. Stratton - Great Lakes Review: Hi, this is David Stratton on for Jason Rodgers. And when I look back at the head count, if I go all the way back to March, it was at 2,750, and now it's at 2,760. And I just was wondering why that is marginally not very different considering all the hiring that you've been doing.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Well, we do hiring, but we also – if you think about we've been over the past several years also acquiring. So when you acquire, there are natural, I'll call it, redundancies and some of the go-to-market changes that we've been doing. So it's not just incremental hiring. Some of it is also making changes in the organization that give us capacity to change our direction or to add talents that we need for the future. So it's not always just adding more heads, some of it is extracting heads out of the existing business so that it gives us room as we move forward to think about what new talents and skill sets we need to add to the organization.
David M. Stratton - Great Lakes Review: All right. Thanks. And then as a housekeeping issue, can you breakout the FX impact on your operating income and net income?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yeah. I think it's all laid out in the prepared remarks.
David M. Stratton - Great Lakes Review: Okay. Do you have a page that would be on?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yeah. Here, I'm pulling it out right now. It's on page eight. So $17.8 million on revenue and $11.5 million operating income.
David M. Stratton - Great Lakes Review: All right. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Jim Cashman for any closing remarks.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Well, first of all, I'd like to thank all of you for participation on the call today and for your ongoing support of all we've been doing over the years. So summary, much has been achieved so far this from both an operations and a financial perspective. However, we know that a lot of work remains to be done to maintain our industry-leading competitive advantages. We've spoken about a lot of those, thanks to your question. We have to continue to focus on improving our sales and channel execution in those certain geographies that are lagging and, again, we discussed that in detail. And in closing, I'd just like to take the opportunity, as always, to thank the entire ANSYS team for their commitment to driving the results we've just had in addition to the ones in the future. So in short, we remain committed to driving shareholder value by continually leading our industry with innovation and outstanding customer support with some of those great customers we've talked about. And we look forward to sharing our fourth quarter and full year results with you in February. So thank you very much and talk to you in a couple of months.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-05 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to ANSYS' Second Quarter 2015 Conference Call. With us today are Mr. Jim Cashman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Cashman for some opening remarks.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Well, good morning, and thanks to everybody for joining us to discuss our second quarter and first half 2015 financial results. But before we get started, I will introduce Maria Shields, our CFO, for our Safe Harbor statement. Maria?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks documents have all been posted on our homepage at the Investor Relations website this morning, and they contain all of the key financial information and the supporting data relative to Q2 and the first half 2015 financial results and the business update, as well as our current Q3 and fiscal year 2016 outlook and our key underlying assumptions. I'd also like to remind anyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance, as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today. And ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and throughout the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and related Form 8-K. So, Jim, I'll now turn it back to you.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Maria. So, I'd like to start with a recap of the results that the ANSYS team achieved in Q2. So, as you may recall from our Q1 earnings call and from our Investor Day in early June, we laid out a number of key financial objectives for Q2. These included, let's see, achieving non-GAAP revenue growth of 7% to 10% in constant currency, achieving strong margins and earnings per share, high rates of recurring revenue, continued growth in both deferred and backlog, and improvement in our European business. And I'm glad to say that we did in fact deliver on every one of those goals and at high levels in the second quarter. So, first our non-GAAP revenue for the quarter in constant currency was 9%. This was led by solid sales execution in North America and Asia Pac, which both reported double digit in constant currency. We also made progress in our restructuring efforts in Europe where we realized improvement from our Q1 results with 7% constant currency overall and 11% growth in Germany. Eastern Europe and Russia remained the softer parts of Europe for us. Growth came from a broad base of industries and these are all highlighted in more detail within this quarter's prepared remarks on our website. Non-GAAP EPS in Q2 was $0.85 above the high end of our guidance range. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 47% above the 45% to 46% projected margin. This is a result of previously announced cost of the organizational changes being at the lower end of what we expected as well as ongoing spending disciplines that we always engage. Our recurring revenue for the quarter was 71% and our deferred revenue and backlog as of June 30 was $474 million. Yes. Overall, the second quarter results reflect a combination of improved execution in targeted areas of our business, the continuation of softness in certain markets and parts of the channel, in addition to, of course, the various ongoing geopolitical tensions that we highlighted last quarter. So, now, I'd like to actually take a little chance to talk about the latest groundbreaking, you guys call it, version of our software, ANSYS 16.1, which we released in May and included the launch of our new ANSYS Enterprise Cloud solution. This is an area, where we continue to accelerate our investment to further develop these offerings, in line with our customers' adoption patterns and extend our competitive advantages. Now, the ANSYS Enterprise Cloud solution, it's been specifically architected to actually remove previous barriers to adoption of cloud computing for engineering simulation. It's first of all, it's delivered in a single-tenant environment that secures customer data. Large data streams do not need to be transmitted between end users and the cloud data center. The solution also supports 3D interactive graphics and auto-scaling of high performance computing. So, basically, with ANSYS Enterprise Cloud, more engineers can access the software and hardware, exercise those tools that they need from any desktop or handheld device. And, basically, is a step toward enabling broader adoption of simulation technologies and helping organizations stay competitive while also focusing on their core competencies, which is usually developing products and not maintaining large data centers. ANSYS Enterprise Cloud, it also enables our customers to utilize the scale of processors that they need, but only when they need them. So, they avoid some of the costly investment in underutilized server, security and maintenance, and certain things that were tending to slow down some of the adoption. We also completed the acquisition of Gear Design on July 1. This was an acquisition that we targeted for two key reasons: first and foremost, the unique talent and leadership skills that the Gear team adds to ANSYS which will be immediately combined with our existing Apache business; and secondly, the technology that Gear has developed which is a purpose-built big data platform to solve problems confronting next-generation semiconductor and electronic design systems. So, what we've seen is on time and on schedule, robust, low power, high-performance devices. It's critical to a wide range of areas. It's critical to the success of mobile, high-performance computing, automotive and also Internet of Things, electronic platforms. So, similar to the other acquisitions that we've done in the past, this will enable us to leverage the power of combining ANSYS' proven technologies for low-power designs and Gear's big data analytics. So, ultimately this will provide our semiconductor and electronic system customers with a best-in-class simulation platform that provides both measurement-validated accuracy for design signoff and accelerated closure of early design decisions. And it will also continue to extend our leadership in what we feel is a very important and growing market. During the second quarter, we continued to see progress from a number of changes and investments that we made throughout 2014 and earlier this year. And I'll tell you our plan is to continue to focus and invest our energy and resources toward achieving strong results in the second half of 2015. So, you may recall at Investor Day this year, we outlined the significant growth opportunities available to us across what we normally categorize in three major dimensions: first, increasing the number of users; second, increasing the density of usage; third of all, increasing the intensity of usage. Well, ANSYS 16.0 and 16.1 include significant advancements in our platform. And these releases, we think, substantially broaden the capabilities available to our customers. They break down the barriers to adoption, and they help us drive growth from all of these dimensions. So, even though we already have the deepest and broadest physics portfolio, we're committed to continuing to make significant investments in R&D to further increase our technological and competitive leadership advantages and to strengthen our position at the forefront of the industry. So, with those brief comments, I'll turn it back over to Maria to discuss our Q3 and 2015 guidance before we move into the Q&A session.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Okay. As we outlined in this morning's press release, we've initiated our outlook for Q3 with non-GAAP revenue in the range of $232 million to $240 million, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.85 to $0.89. With respect to our previous guidance for the full year of 2015, while we've narrowed the revenue range, the midpoint of our revenue guidance for the full year remains essentially unchanged from our last call. And we've also factored in a slightly higher tax rate, further weakening of the Japanese yen since our last call and the acquisition of Gear. So, all of that translates to our revised outlook for the full year in non-GAAP revenue in the range of $948 million to $964 million, and non-GAAP EPS of $3.37 to $3.45. And for 2015, we are assuming no significant changes, either way, in the overall macro climate. And we also continue to see that our sales will ramp up later in the year as the new heads that we've brought on in Q4 of 2014 and the first half of the year begin producing, and as the channel initiatives that we've also announced also drive incremental sales. Further details around currency rates and other key assumptions that have been factored into the outlook for both Q3 and the full year are contained in prepared remarks that we posted on the homepage earlier this morning. Also during the second quarter, we repurchased about 36,000 shares at an average price of slightly north of $85. And for the first half of the year, we've repurchased over 1.5 million shares at an average price of $83.42. As of the end of June, we still have 4.4 million shares remaining in our authorized repurchase pool. So, in addition to our ongoing M&A activities and consistent with what we've previously communicated earlier in this year, it's our intention to continue to return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. So, with that, Operator, we'll now open up the phone line to take some questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, Jim and Maria. I'd like to ask first about the results you've seen in your various end markets and your expectations for those. When we take the percentages of revenue by end market that you've provided now for the second quarter, we see, for example, that automotive appears to have been down slightly year-over-year for the quarter, about flat for the trailing 12 months. Aero and defense seems to have been down pretty materially year-over-year for the quarter and for the trailing 12 months. On the other hand, you did quite well it seems in industrial equipment, up pretty strongly for the quarter and for the trailing 12 months. And semis were up again pretty strongly which I assume is still Apache. So, perhaps, you could talk about the varying trend that you are in fact seeing in those markets. And do you foresee for example that either auto or aero and defense might begin to rebound after having some negative comps here lately?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yeah. Jay, I would say relative to auto and aero and defense, I think some of what you're seeing ties into the timing of some of those deals and renewals. So, I wouldn't focus on any given quarter as much as I would focus on the full year. I would say no doubt one of the areas where we definitely felt pain is in the oil and gas sector, not only in North America but in other geographies where oil and gas displayed an important part. But I don't know of any, I would say, trends that we're aware of. I think it's more around the timing of some of these larger deals in those sectors that you spoke of.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. Secondly, could you comment on the likely direction of your operating expenses for the remainder of the year and perhaps into next year? When you look at your website, we see and count the number of job openings that you're advertising. There was a pretty significant increase from the last time we did that a couple of months ago. In fact, it looks like the largest number of openings for the last few years since we began tracking this with increases in sales openings which is fairly consistent with your plan. R&D, up a lot, particularly in places like India. So, I guess my question is are you perhaps over advertising the number of openings that you're looking to fill as you've sometimes done in the past or do you think you're about to embark on, in fact, some significant additions here to head count?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well we, you see the ramp-up of – in the last half of the year, I mean, we started to build to some of the run-rates that we guided to at the earlier part of the year. So, that's going to continue to drive up that. Now, the other thing is we also – we're looking at – sometimes we don't always get precise skillsets in the exact primary geography that we look for. So, we may have secondary locations, and if that's the case you might see some redundant postings in there. But in general, we're keeping a broad range because the long-term projections are that we will be adding staff, and we want to continue to find the best people and at least build up that portfolio as quickly as we can. So, we'll continue to build up along those lines, but it is in – as we've alluded, we've seen improvement in Europe, but we've also kind of gotten into the double-digit range in both North America and Asia Pac. And this is even in light of the fact that we expanded the sales force and alluded for the last couple of quarters that the ramp-up in training and acquisition of that talent would take time which is why we see the continuation toward the stronger end of the year, but that's a continuation of something that we'll want to carry into 2016 and 2017.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: All right. If I could perhaps just squeeze in one more. You articulated a very interesting strategy and definition for what you call systems engineering. Could you comment on any examples to-date of customers, who have in fact deployed your full vision or definition of what you call systems engineering and what requirements do you foresee in terms of having to your ramp up your services capabilities to support that strategy?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Well, the first of which is with regard to the mention of specific customers, that's something that we're going to actually be publishing on the website as we get those permissions and do it in the correct way. The other thing I will say is that like many other things, I mean, early on when we were talking about design space more than a decade ago, or when we were talking about a workbench platform, none of those things existed before we did it. So, we were talking about it and sometimes it was a year, or two years, three years before those things manifested themselves. So, the fact is some of the things that we're doing in the systems simulation capability, there really weren't skill sets and organizations at our customer site really built around those because the tools didn't exist at that time. But the, I would say if I can throw one breadcrumb out there, anytime you would see reference to a, some of the enterprise license agreements, which are starting to happen in increasing amounts, there's almost always element of the system simulation and strategy being involved there, but it will be an evolutionary sense for the customer to think in terms of how it fits their processes and how do they organize around that. That being said, you're absolutely correct. Anytime you have a new technology services, which will help bridge the adoption of that, is very key. And that, again, that's something we've been talking about for the last couple. Now, if you recall, we did mention some of these at Investor Day. So, I think it's probably okay to mention those. But Cummins, Ferrari and...
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Ford.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...Ford were – those were the, I think, the three that we mentioned.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: They were there...
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: ...right, telling their own systems story.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. That was during the World, Simulation Congress...
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yeah.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ... that was concurrent with the Investor Day. So, and we'll probably have more of those because, as we mentioned, the enterprise engagements have been noticeably ramping up over the last, probably three quarters.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks very much.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Anil Doradla from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. A couple of questions. In the quarter, you had about, what, 18 customers, sorry, with $1 million revenues and you talk about some commentary in the second half. But, Jim, can you talk about how many of the customers are very close to that $1 million number?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well we, I mean, if you're talking about in the high six-figure amount, you know, think of it, it's not like there's a vast wasteland. There's actually like a pyramid building up below that ramping up. So, we probably have easily 70 customers to 100 kind of customers in that next tier of range. But we also see that some of those percolate very quickly and some of those might be on a protracted thing. But they're all ones that we have to develop. And keep in mind that's pretty consistent with the strategy that we talked about both at Investor Day and at – on previous calls here in terms of why we have gone more toward addressing that growing market with more of a name to count strategy versus the old territory thing.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Very good. And with all the good stuff that's happening on the sales front, the new initiatives that were kicked in, one of the questions that we get from investors is, if we were to look at when we would see it from an inflection point of view in your business, when would that quarter be? I mean, granted – since the new head of sales has come onboard, it's been what, over a year. It takes about 15 months, 20 months to get many of these new strategies in place. So, if you were to pick and choose, maybe around what time we should start seeing the business getting inflected by these great initiatives, any color on that front?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Well, first of all, in terms of what I call an inflection point, I need to break that between two things. There's one of which is related to sales capacity. But there's always the longer term one that we talked about in terms of both the creation of enabling technology and customers' ability to adopt it, and that's not just an increased amount of sales engagement. Because even though we've got the leading technology, it needs to progress a lot more. Just think in terms of – again, I've used this analogy a lot – but think in terms of where the home PC was in 1980 and what happened over the next 15 years, 20 years. All the components were there in 1985, and there were leading providers there. But a lot of things had to happen before you saw the inflection point in computing. Same thing really holds for the simulation software. Now, getting back to the sales one, I wouldn't think in terms of what some people think in terms of a massive dislocation. I think what you're going to see is quarter-upon-quarter – adjusted for seasonality, of course. You throw Q3 in the mix, and Q3 doesn't compare to many other quarters. But as you see that, you're going to see a continuing ramp-up. And, in fact, I think that's what we saw in Q2 versus Q1 and some of the early comparables where now you've got a couple of areas that have ramped up into the double-digit. Right there, we need to increase and sustain that. There may be blips up and down, original quarters, but you should see a longer term and that should continue to ramp up as we go through, if you will, the bell curve of training requirements of all the new salespeople. So, I don't think you'd see like a step-function increase or a massive dislocation. I think you'll see numbers of people raise up, and you'll see continued up pressure on the growth curve. And as we mentioned before, where we were a little bit slower in terms of the sales up ramp which we were addressing, was in Europe. But you even see some of the early returns in Europe; of course, Q3 in Europe is well chronicled. So, there we've got that factored into our guidance also. But, so, I think in terms if you're talking about inflection points or major movements, I think you see one – I think you will see one when the – on the technology side, but we've always talked about that being a multiyear kind of transition. But in terms of taking care of the sales capacity, I think that's one where you see a kind of a steady continued ramp-up.
Anil Kumar Doradla - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Ashley from Robert W. Baird & Company. Please go ahead.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. I would just like to ask about the third quarter guidance and actually, Marie, I don't know if you have an answer to this, but when we look at it in constant currencies, you've been growing here constant currencies kind of 8%, 9% recently. Does the third quarter guidance kind of assume that kind of similar growth rate, constant currency?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Constant currency for Q3, that ranges 5% to 9%, Steve, and...
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: ...what we are factoring in is what Jim alluded to in the previous question is the reality is Q3 for us is iffy relative to Europe. A third of our business doesn't really get back into the groove until after Labor Day. And so, whether or not some of those deals that are in the pipeline make it into Q3, we're just putting in a little bit of caution.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Perfect. That's very helpful. And in terms of the evolution of the sales go-to market, lots of different things happening there, one of the things you wanted to happen were named account reps starting to engage with a VP of Engineering, someone at a higher level. Have we started to see some anecdotal evidence that that is beginning to happen?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Oh, absolutely on that one. Now, yeah, again, just having a visit with a VP and checking the box, only time will tell on that. But if I look at the number of engagements, it's probably about a four-fold increase at least. Now again, that's anecdotal and I just have from the number of meetings. The other thing that I think is particularly interesting that the sales team has done is sometimes when you have the VP meetings, you have to have a lot of reach. We've actually started a series of executive virtual town halls. And I know that we've had several hundred people just on the first couple of those sequences going in. So, at least, if we don't get a full chunk of a day with senior execs, we do have introductory things to introduce them to concepts and we've actually had some very interesting customer presentations that were co-presented with those things. So, the overall, at least, introduction and entrée has increased quite a bit. And for certain, the focus has been more along those lines, which, in turn, are necessary steps as we see some of these increasing amounts of some of the enterprise engagements because those do not happen at a grassroots level.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Hi, guys.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: In the prepared remarks, talking about the deals over $1 million and the 18 number, there was a comment in there about the pipeline for the second half. And I guess the way it was worded, it made me wonder, did you see deal slippage in this quarter in terms of some of those large deals? And, maybe you could tie that into what you saw in terms of the linearity. Was the linearity any different than typical?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Linearity is about the same. In terms of any major slips, there are some that pull forward. I mean that's the natural motion in there. But there were no aberrations, nothing out of the process. The thing is, keep in mind, when you're dealing with some of these larger deals, they can tend to take longer because the number of cycles, the number of the – the amount of scrutiny that they're put in there, but there was nothing that was there. And as for comparables, the only thing I'd say is that again these deals tend to be multi-year. So, in general – that's why we're tending to look at these characteristics of what happens to the overall deferred and backlog because the timing of multi-year deals, by definition, they don't very often renew the next year. So, they're out. They're in the denominator but not in the numerator. So, that's just more of a numbers reality.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got you. And this has been asked a couple of different ways. I just want to ask this question in this structure. When looking at the guidance for the second half, in the first half at conferences and meetings, you've talked about the increased hiring in trying to accelerate the growth. If I look at the guidance for the second half it feels like it's really kind of flat or maybe even a little bit of deceleration that's factored into the second half guidance and I'm wondering how much of that is the FX that you talked about in terms of the yen or other versus macro demand, versus anything else.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, first of all the Q4 constant currency growth is right up in that thing where double-digit gets in the range and continues kind of the path. So, I don't buy into the premise of deceleration. There's no doubt that the currency has a little bit of impact on that and then also some of the things we factor. I think maybe one of the key things you have to realize is that we talked about some of these ELAs and I would not be surprised – I mean keep in mind, they've – when they come in, they typically are multi-year. They typically are time based which means you do not get a lump of revenue. However, you do see the long-term prospects significantly increase as best evidenced by the growth in the deferred in the backlogs. So, I think even when you factor those things, it's a fairly impressive growth that we're targeting in light of all of that for the end of the year and it's tending to build off of what we said from the very beginning of the year and it's continuing to inch up even with the time-based element and the strengthening of the long-term book of business.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got you. Last real quick one. The Gear acquisition, what's the contribution to revenue assumed for the year?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's minimal. That was really not the reason. There's some there but it's not much and that's really not the reason. The main thing we were looking there, it was really key technology, and quite frankly, as was mentioned before, we're always looking for talent and we got that in multitude with this particular one. What we're looking to do is actually continue to strengthen that position, building off of the foundation that we had with Apache but take that into the next few years of development for us.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Koenig from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, ANSYS. Thanks for taking my question. I'll do the first one and then I've got one follow-up. In the prepared remarks, Jim, there was reference in discussing the European performance to commodity oversupply and a slowdown in China affecting not only Europe but also North America. There's also a comment about oil and gas, and that comment's pretty clear. But can you give us some more granular view of the impact of the slowdown in China and the commodity oversupply, like what verticals is it impacting?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: How is that going through your forecast? What's your outlook as well based on what we're seeing?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. With China right now – and we view this as being temporary because we still view that as being a good long-term market. We saw a little bit of slowness in some of the state-owned enterprises. And I think you saw that there was a lot of macro environment things going on with China, and there's the stock market, and some of the things that the state was doing in terms of that. That's really kind of the primary part of it. Oil and gas, pretty straightforward. But those are really the only ones that really stand up. We talked for a couple of quarters about Germany. I mean, as Europe was coming up even with – as I mentioned, Eastern Europe and Russia, being continuing to be pretty underwhelming right now, is that Germany has always been a big bellwether for us and one of our top three markets perennially. And, we had talked about some of those things and some of the things we put in place and that's probably one of the leading elements we had coming out.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. And just for clarity in the commodity oversupply, what's that? How is that impacting you?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Well, it's just – if you remember when oil and gas and copper and anything was driving mining and other commodity-related industries, as a result of the slowdown in all of those sectors, obviously, some of those are our end customers, so they tend to either result in those businesses realigning themselves for the realities of the current economic situation and slowdowns.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And, I mean if you look at it, I mean, the most notable ones over the last few years, the mining in Australia, which was largely to support the Asia Pacific. And if you look at also the mining and oil in South America. And Latin America was one of the areas, where we saw probably the lowest performance. I mean, even that being said, we wound up at the pretty high-upper end of the revenue guidance. So, it wasn't like it had a major impact, but we're always trying to note those various perturbations we see, not that any one signals a megatrend, but they tend to be a number of things that we're looking at just as we continue to project out the next couple of years.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. And if I may squeeze in a follow-up, just one on the sales initiatives. There have been some questions about the impact of the sales hiring. I'm curious to get your read on how is the – the creation of an – the enlargement of the named accounts group and the account assignments by named counts. When might – are you seeing progress with that? And when might that have a more significant impact? And then just on the sales hiring. I don't want to repeat all the questions that have been asked but I think given the rate of sales hiring, we might have expected a more significant impact than what you've included in your guide. Is it – would it surprise you to see some pretty good upside from your guide? Is there potentially some conservatism there or is it more of a time lag as these people get productive?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I'd say it's conservatism. And I say it is, it is a time lag because any time you get people involved, it is a big issue. Keep in mind, we did a very major thing and the management and absorption of that is important. The, quite frankly, I don't know anybody who hits 100% on all the sales hires. We've got a really good percentage but you've got some of that factoring in. And again, we're still hitting what we had projected at the beginning of the year for the year-end. And, that's even taking into account that we're absorbing an increasing number of these ELAs. And, like I mentioned, we're close to $0.5 a billion now in the deferred and backlog elements. So, the business is building along those lines. Now, keep in mind, when you go to the named accounts as somebody mentioned earlier but I'll reiterate, we had, first of all, you find them; second of all, you train them; third of all, you have to then engage with the customer and we are getting that increased engagement. Somebody mentioned, alluded to the VP kind of access, and that is, on a market uptick but it isn't like the very first time that you meet the VP they write you a check. I mean, we're talking about planning out, if you will, 2-year through 10-year type of adoption patterns. So, there is that natural, but that natural latency was built into the very guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year, and if you will, we're maintaining it even against some of the additional headwinds, and also the benefits of the longer-term nature of the enterprise license agreements. And even though we're only on the very beginning of the ANSYS enterprise cloud usage, we've gotten a lot of interest there now. That'll be time before people change their overall usage patterns also. But those are all fairly positive things, but I think they're also fairly much in line with the guidance that we've been giving for the last few quarters.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Got it. Thanks, Jim. Thanks, Maria.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saket Kalia from Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Hey, Saket. How are you doing?
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good, Maria. How are you? Let me just start with just a high-level and then I've got a follow-up. Jim, can you just talk about the U.S. macro backdrop for your customers? We all see the manufacturing PMI. And, it seems like it's affected at least one other design company. If you look at the more established sales reps that you have, what are they seeing in terms of their pipeline and their close rates in the U.S.?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I'm going to have to try to process the closure rate. The pipelines are markedly up. And I'd say, in general, you look at the manufacturing index and things like that, those are some bellwether, but I think what we've always gauged more toward is the R&D and, if you will, the innovation measures because essentially, that's where our software is used, not primarily on the manufacturing and inventory side of things. So, as a result, we've seen a range of companies continuing to try to drive new innovation into their products, first and foremost. Second of all is they're starting to figure out what, for instance, the industrial Internet or Internet of Things might mean in terms of how they evolve or retrofit their products to fit in with that kind of environment. We've talked about the overall electrification of traditional industries, the automotive being one of the more notable ones, but being able to go into that one. So, with those type of things, we still see a lot of innovation. In keeping with our global presence, we do see a fairly broad-based globalization. But amidst there, there are increasing amounts of fits and starts that continue around the globe as everybody seems to be recalculating things. But at the end of the day, we don't really see an end of interest in new innovative products or basically flat-lining on the new design level.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Got it. And just for my follow-up, can you just remind us, do customers on lease and maintenance get access to the suite of tools under ANSYS 16.1 or do you think the product could maybe generate incremental revenue from your existing customer base?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, it can create incremental revenue because essentially if somebody is on a lease basis, they basically get enhancements to the products that they've leased, but they don't get those generally across the portfolio. Now, some of that starts to enter in a little bit more, as we discussed, with the Enterprise license agreements, where there's an increased flexibility that helps people predict over a multi-year period usage patterns that they might not be able to predict but allows them to flexibly meet that, which gives them the confidence to kind of, I would say, move forward instead of doing an exhaustive study to determine exactly what they need and when. So, we'll have some of that. But in answer to that is, what we've usually said, if it tends to bend the curve up, maybe that's a bad expression these days, but it bends the curve. It doesn't dislocate the curve traditionally, but we do see that increased usage from the capability. But keep in mind we've had a normal cadence for the last decade of almost every six months having a fairly significant feature release and it's continued to be one of those things that has helped propel us to this point. And we think it's essential for keeping that progress going over the next couple years.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Makes sense. Thanks very much.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think also, the other thing I'd mention of course is that as a testament to that, you also look at the historical renewal rates, which continue to be historically strong. And that's one of those things – it's really that vote of confidence in getting continued access to those capabilities, I think, that keeps those strong on both the lease and the service side of things.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Understood. Thanks again, Jim.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan from Royal Bank of Canada. Please go ahead.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks a lot. Hey, Jim, how many ELA deals did you sign this quarter and can you remind me how many you've signed to-date?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the one thing I want to mention is sometimes ELAs are really covered under – I mean you can kind of draw a proxy by those seven-figure deals that we talk about, because ELAs are always in the healthy side of that. But I will tell you that sometimes the kind of agreements that we have here, we're not even allowed to really mention some of those. So, I will tell you the one that we're able to kind of put through there and you'll see – you'll be able to get at least a windage and elevation on that – from that. The other thing is that – the other thing is tendency ELAs, they tend to more often happen beginning and end of year as people are synchronizing on their various calendars and budget cycles.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Well, maybe I could ask it this way. Is it trending in line, above or below your expectations?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Above.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And, Maria, two for you if I could.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: By the way, when I say above, I won't say 2x above, but it's significantly above.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm just trying to give you a little bit more color on that.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. That's helpful. And then, Maria, do you have the FX impact to deferred sequentially this quarter?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hang on a minute. Where did you get...?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yep, hold on – yeah, plus $2.5 million.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Plus $2.5 million?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: Yep.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And, Maria, just curious, your perpetual license constant currency has been growing faster than lease constant currency this year and that's despite more ELAs that are time based and therefore, would go into deferred and backlog and ultimately I think be recognized through the lease line.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Why is that? Why are the perpetuals growing faster?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: So, Ross, on, I think it was the last call someone asked about are we going to trend our model kind of line with what other people in our industry are doing relative to moving to everything subscription. And, I had commented that historically, we've tended to have models that are flexible and meet the needs of many of our customers. So, if you looked at the commentary around geography, if you look at the performance of Asia Pac, for example, Asia Pac, places like India, China, Korea, when they're growing very fast, they are really perpetual license buyers. They are not subscription license buyers predominantly, particularly in those major accounts that we have in those geographies. So, the reality is while in some geographies, ELAs and subscription is becoming more of an acceptable norm. In other parts of the world, they are still perpetual buyers and we're going to continue to offer them perpetual licenses.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Understood. Just one quick one, last one if I could. What was the consideration for Gear?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President, Finance and Administration: $30 million.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Having no further questions, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Jim Cashman for any closing remarks.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Actually, I'd like to thank you all for your participation in our call today and for your ongoing support and coverage of ANSYS. So, we're proud of what we've accomplished in the first half of 2015. But as we've discussed on the Q&A session here, we've got a lot of work ahead of us to deliver on our goals for the full year. So, with that, in addition to thanking you, I'd like to thank the entire ANSYS team for their commitment to driving the results that we've had and that we're moving toward. And, I'd also like to welcome the Gear team to the ANSYS family. So, in short, we feel that we're very well-positioned to continue to drive the growth. I'd probably cite two very significant reasons. First, we have increased visibility from some of the larger multi-year Enterprise opportunities that are in the pipeline for the back half of the year, and also the general growth in the pipeline that we've alluded to on this Q&A. Secondly, we've been successful in the more aggressive approach to sales hiring that we reference on the last couple of calls. And, of course, we've discussed that here. So, in short we have unparalleled production offerings. We've got a great long, lived record with our customers, extremely high recurring revenues and the opportunity to augment our growth through new features and the kind of the exciting technologies from acquisitions as well as our own internal R&D innovation. So, continued sites in the near-term. We're growing our direct sales force. We have a renewed focus on our indirect channel. I think you saw some of those results in Germany where we're, have a very hybrid model. And we're committed to driving solid financial results to generate continued value for our shareholders. So, with that I'll sign off. Thank you very much and talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-10 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Jim Cashman - CEO Maria Shields - CFO
Analysts: John Smiths - William Blair Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Jason Buncovar - Robert W. Baird Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Steve Koenig - Koenig Jason Rogers - Great Lakes Review Ross MacMillan - RBC Matt Williams - Evercore
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS’ First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Mr. Jim Cashman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Cashman for opening remarks.
Jim Cashman : Okay, good morning and thanks everyone for joining us to discuss our First Quarter Financial Results. So as usual before we get started, I'd like to introduce Maria Shields, our CFO for our Safe Harbor statements. Maria?
Maria Shields: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks document have been posted on the home page of our Investor Relations website this morning. And they contain all of the key financial information and supporting data relative to Q1 business results as well as our current Q2 and fiscal year 2015 outlook and the key underlying assumptions. I'd like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. And additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and last prepared remarks, we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K. So Jim, I'll now turn it back to you.
Jim Cashman: Thank you Maria. So let’s start with a recap of the results that the ANSYS team achieved in Q1. Obviously I’m saying that Q1 was a solid quarter on many fronts, it was highlighted by strong cash flows of 114 million, record differed revenue and backlog balance of over a 477 million and non-GAAP operating margins are 47%. Our non-GAAP revenue growth for the quarter was 8% driven by 11% growth in the North America, 9% growth in Asia Pac and 5% in Europe, all in constant currencies. Our recurring revenue for the quarter was very strong at 76% and our growth came from our broad base at industries which are highlighted actually in more detail within the quarter’s prepared remarks which are posted on our website. But as an [indiscernible] team the quarter end the upcoming year is still in the range and the parameters that we set out on our last call in constant currencies.  Our recorded revenue was in our guidance range but a bit before the midpoint this was consistent with the currency rates that were also generally at the lower end of or slightly below our guidance range, we never the less achieved non-GAAP EPS of $0.77 for the first quarter in line with the midpoint of our expectations. We also accelerated the pace of returning Capital to our shareholders through share repurchases during the quarter. During Q1, we repurchased approximately 1.5 million shares at an average price of a little over $83 leading 4.4 million shares in our authorized pool as of March 31, 2015. While our primary use of access capital is for targeted acquisitions, we remained committed to returning capital for our shareholders while simultaneously growing our top line.  So operational highlights in the first quarter and shortly thereafter include -- well we had 22 customer orders and access of 1 million as compared to the 32 customers with orders in excess of 1 million for Q1 and 2014. Now the comparative change of the number of large deals in Q1 to 2015 is attributable to a combination of fairly obvious factor. The main one was timing including both year deals that closed in Q1 of last year that are simply not scheduled to renew until future years.  Deals that call earlier in Q4 of 2014, we mentioned some of those on the last call. And of course there were all those inevitable deals that pushed out Q2 of 2015. Also the currency headwinds manifest themselves particularly in Europe and that depressed us on transactions sizes to slightly below the $1 million for the quarter. But one thing I like to notice that while the numbers of the seven figure deals was lower for the quarter, the average size of those deals was up 26% over a last year first quarter which is consistent with the general trends that we've hence changed.  So other highlights for the quarter, well, actually at the top of it would be the release of ANSYS 16 in Q1. Now this new release delivers major advancement across ANSYS's entire portfolio including structure, fluids, electronics and Systems Engineering Solutions and it really just further increases our technological leadership than again our main goal of providing ANSYS ability to validate their design with complete virtual prototypes. So, we also have a another release plan in the very near future so stay tuned for additional announcements and really come check it out at our investor day. Secondly, there was continued momentum in our initiative to drive the hiring of our sales teams. During the quarter we had 35 employees on a net basis, the majority in sales which positions us with a 115 more employees than we had year ago. This accelerated pace of hiring really as an important lever to drive the increase sales execution capacity in growth that we've been talking about for 2015.  Now towards the equity end of Q1, ANSYS was also recognized that company at the year of 2015 Engineering Symposium Simulations awards that were held in Derby, UK and criteria for winning the award includes having a strong market presence and an outstanding reputation for quality and innovative approach to business so kudos to the ANSYS team and my colleagues here for that. So in summary I'm pleased to report that we continue to solidly execute our strategic growth plans and our results despite the negative impact from currency. Our goals for 2015 remain intact to achieve double digit constant currency revenue growth and we remain committed to adding the sales capacity and making changes in the organization to capture the near term and the longer term opportunities that we know exist. One final item I might say before turning it over to Maria is for the last few quarters we've been talking about a systematic approach toward evolving ANSYS for accelerated growth that we've been talking about.  We first rolled this through Asia and more recently through North America and the results both qualitatively and quantitatively have been encouraging in those regions. So in early 2015 we've begun focusing on Europe historically a good performer. We've already bolstered management ranks in Germany our largest market in Europe. As a second step the global sales capacity ramp up has been a little slow to take hold in Europe and this is being addressed. And then finally we're doing the same examination of workloads and skill sets in Europe as we have recently done in North America and Asia to attain the goals that we've set for ourselves. So with that, those opening comments I'll now turn it back to Maria to discuss our Q2 and our 2015 guidance before we move into Q&A. So Maria?
Maria Shields: Okay, thanks Jim. As Jim highlighted in his remarks, our results for the first quarter reflect continued solid execution despite the currency headwind. While our first quarter revenue fell slightly below the midpoint of our guidance range, non-GAAP EPS was at the midpoint as a result of our continued rigor around management of expenses, our focus on capital return and ROI also helped us to achieve those results. As we look out towards Q2 in the balance of the year our outlook excluding currency remains unchanged. We expect to continue to execute against our strategic initiative just as we have in the past several quarters. With respect to currency we've outlined revised functions for rates for Q2 and the balance of the year in the prepared remarks document accompanying our press release today. As a result of the updated assumption our outlook for 2Q is non-GAAP revenue in the range of 230 to 238 million and non-GAAP diluted EPS in the range of $0.78 to $0.82.  With respect to fiscal year 2015 we're updating our previous outlook for the full year to reflect the strengthening of the US dollar particularly against the Euro. Those updates translate to our revised outlook of non-GAAP revenue in the range of 943 to 968 million and non-GAAP EPS $3.40 to $3.49. From a qualitative perspective our Q2 guidance takes into account the currency updates that I just mentioned. For 2015 we're assuming no significant changes either way in the overall macro climate. We also see sales and revenue growth rates ramping up as the year progresses, particularly as the new sales heads that we've bought on in Q4 and Q1 begin producing and as our recently announced general initiatives begin to take hold. As we mentioned in this morning's earnings announcement our Q2 and fiscal year 2015 guidance includes charges of $0.01 to $0.02 related to organizational changes that will primarily incur in Europe. So with that operator we'll now open up the line for questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen at this time we'll begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Anil Doradla from William Blair; please go ahead with your question.
John Smiths: Hey guys, this is John Smiths on for Anil, thanks for taking my questions. First one, want to start up with ANSYS 16.0, it's been several months now since the release, just hoping you can maybe provide some additional color on maybe any customer feedback regarding specifically the ease of use initiatives and maybe talk a little bit about the expansion to the number of users you're seeing so far.
Jim Cashman: Yes, well, keep in mind this is pretty early in the cycle but the -- I mean the anecdotal proof points we have on that are related to -- you know first and foremost I think from established customers that maybe we're already -- they know it's -- I mean they appreciate some of the increase in usability, but I think the increase in the customization toolkits that allow them to taper and tailor some of that to their specific needs is probably been the thing that we heard the most information on. Keep in mind that on the, on some of the new paradigms we have for usage we've talked about this in the past as being a tiered step approach so you have like along the lines of Windows 1, Window 2, Windows 3.1, you have several steps there but you have to get that first step in there with the production release that people can continue to move on, but the general result there have been positive also.
John Smiths: Great, thanks. And then just a quick follow up, regarding the, you know $0.01 to $0.02 impact from the restructuring. You know is this something that we could expect to see potentially happening again in the second half of the year, is this kind of going to be one time charge related to the Europe restructuring?
Jim Cashman: Keep it in mind, these are things that we do not do [indiscernible] and in fact the only thing I’d say is if you go back -- I mean you can test us against thing that we mentioned on the last few earnings call which is part of public record, it’s just that we weren’t going try to simultaneously effect all changes at once. So, we worked in a specific methodology was very structured, we called out at Asia -- about a year and half to almost -- about a year and half-two years ago and I think you've seen all pretty significant numerical changed there but it was involving all those aspects, in terms of leadership, workload balancing, sales capacity, support building and even some infrastructural building. Now, when we've had that pretty well as late we've talked about that, we said, we're going to do some similar things in North America and I think we saw in the recent once. I mean, it's very early but -- some of the numerical impact of that has been seen and now like I said, over the years Europe been a strong performer. But now we want to put the attention there, we want to have that changed methodology. So this is a very systematic sequenced approach, it just we didn't want to have everything in plus all at once. Because it take that, it takes what focus and takes management then so with that mind, these are fully major systematic steps. And I don't -- we don't anticipated drip, drip, drip kind of asset to those and that assuming that general economic factors stay somewhat in league, but this is part of a structured plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Maria first for you, could you update us on your cash flow expectation for the year, if its changed from the 360 to 380 range, that's you've talked about a quarter ago for 2015?
Maria Shields: Yes, I said mostly related to currency, Jay, I'd say probably a range of 340 to 360; it's comfortable for us, right now.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. And for Jim, you eluded in your remarks to a forth coming new release post ANSYS 16, I assume that you're eluding to your forth coming Cloudy and EKM updates and perhaps some other new initiatives as well and is there anything to say but that now or is that continued at the analyst meeting.
Jim Cashman: Yes, first of all, at that the what you've mentioned as a subset -- all be it a significant subset for the more relief, I am going to leave that as a teaser to investor day but it's most of you know, we've software service offering for almost 15 years continuously. But the cloud is different thing, it's not just about sticking any kind of software out there and say, now you have the access, there are lot of things we did with regard to partnership, with regard to pricing and demand elasticity and things like that and as you also eluded we’ll let the cat out of the bag, the way that it links in with the engineering knowledge management system to provide a framework to that. So this is just not dialing and you getting access to single agent capability, so more holistic approach and we want to make sure that as we talked our long chaining software and service, that we brought it up, but again I think, there will, we say that for the June timeframe and -- we're pretty excited about it. I think it says long-term trend, I mean the trends for driving simulation in this usage, they are a little bit more complication as we've discussed in a lot of typical cloud applications, but I think we've got very good go forward plan on that. But that one we have to wait and then apart from that all the others stuff in ’16, it’s kind of the natural thing that you would expect in the point release, which it's going to be a ton of features, which we’ll be able to go into but we're also list on the website as you know, mostly audience here their eyes might glaze over if we go into very deep later.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Understood. One last if I may, you mentioned the recent segmentation of your channel including a class of what you called a [indiscernible] qualification, I understand this still relative early for having put that in place, but how do you think this will play out over the rest of the year and into next year in terms of perhaps changing the proportion contribution from the channel versus direct?
Jim Cashman: Well, that get into crystal ball territory, but the one thing I'd say, okay -- the one thing is numerically, you can see channel performance among those the elite performers actually was pretty strong for Q1 and we would expect that to continue on. Now what might be hot behind that, I want to stay because the numbers are the numbers, but qualitatively what might be helping those numbers and also what making just the all quite half in at least the direction we're going is I think the new ground rules the coordination of those things, the system is systemizing on a global basis of that, at least from all the channel partners I've talked -- I had chance to talk to most of them, was it just gave them confidence to invest on a longer term basis which means they are also upping their sales capacity and their support capacity and I think the other thing that’s most telling is that you look historically a lot of these companies have come up from a single physics background and that's really kind of a tied one hand behind your back, when you look at the power of the portfolio and the platform and we actually have people now that are extending their portfolio and that can only really serve to provide more opportunity. How quickly that comes in, we're pretty, I'll say almost bullish on what can happen over the next few years but how quickly that happens, the ramp up -- we'll just have to quietly wait and see.
Operator: The next question comes from Saket Kalia from Barclays Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Saket Kalia: First on bookings, we can all sort of see how perpetual license is done, just looking at the revenue. Can you talk about how leaf license and maintenance bookings performed in a constant currency basis?
Maria Shields: Roughly about 9% higher than what the number that you can probably do back of the envelope, now Saket. About a $20 million negative impact from currency. So if you're work in constant currency and in sales booking about 6% growth.
Saket Kalia: Okay, got it. And then, a little bit more qualitatively -- you saw nice growth in North America, which seems a little different than what the manufacturing data would imply. Could you talk about it Jim, in terms of what you think is driving that?
Jim Cashman: Well again, understand that the issue of the manufacturing data but at the heart of it -- and this even true in 2009 where we maybe weren't hit quite as severely as some of the other company. That's because the -- even the manufacturing and some consumer sectors were down a little bit, people were still innovating and trying to drive new products and our sector was being driven more from the R&D spend, if you will than just the pure manufacturing spend and we continue to see those kind of pushes going forward. Now we did see some sectors frankly in North America like the oil industry where even long term investment patterns tend to somewhat [ebb] and flow with the barrel price of crude and things like that but it was, you know and that some of that also being affected with some of the currency. But in general we saw a push toward large innovation, a lot we’ve got detailed in our prepared remarks which I had mentioned or posted on Website, but when you get to some of the electronics and the automotive and some of the aerospace type of activities, the common things we've actually been talking about maybe for a couple of years, that's really what's been driving that. And that's even in light of, when you see some of the growth there, keep in mind from that growth in North America, actually, even slightly depressed for how we normally would had said because we talked about the tendency towards some of the larger customers now moving into time-based, multiyear time-based licenses when they might have done the big lumpy perpetual. But that's also the reason why I mentioned this record deferred and backlog balance which is approaching a $0.5 billion. So, I mean, the numbers all kind of weaved together when you look at them in that holistic sense.
Saket Kalia: Got it, that's really helpful, thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Ashley from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Jason Buncovar: This is Jason Buncovar on for Steve. Thanks for taking my questions. The first question -- I was wondering if you could comment on success that you're seeing selling to design engineers, and which products are you selling to them? Are you going to those users with our the SpaceClaim or the core ANSYS product?
Jim Cashman: Well, keep in mind, that if it's actually both and if you look at it, they're -- I mean when we talk about ease-of-use, which is the main thing toward being in their desired market outlook. I will plug in here is that just dumbing down the product is not going to solve designer problems when they're solving complicated product-release issues. But given that it to the ease-of-use, just like we saw with what happened with the home PC and portable electronics that ease-of-use is necessary, but it comes in many different flavors. So first of all you got to have the overall power. Second of all, you have to have the usability. Third of all, basically the mechanics of interacting with the software, you have to be intuitive and straightforward, now that latter part I said, we've been incrementally doing that over many releases and this actually post, ANSYS 16 is one of the first one, where on platform basis we kind of been able to release some new usage paradigm in addition of customization as I mentioned. But you mentioned a second thing which is also very key and there is no doubt that the blending of some of the intuitive direct modeling space claim kind of capability, and also weaving those in, it used to be geometry was a step, and then making the math model was step and then running the model was a step and we've actually been able to make dramatic progress in terms of converting those first two steps of geometry and the math model in terms of just making the model, of something the people can quickly interact with and from the usability standpoint that may be one of the most significant things that came both in the early part to 16 and the upcoming releases as well as the integration of SpaceClaim in general going in the technology basis. So [indiscernible] and they get continued to progress again as you think that your own PC over the last 20 year and how it evolved into tablets and wearable devices, you can see how that ease of use paradigm never release stalled, it just continued to advance; and you're going to see the same thing with our software, but at the heart of it is always going to be software that accurately reliably gives people the information they need to committed major profit releases.
Jason Buncovar: Great, that's helpful. And just a quick follow-up on that. You mentioned integrating some of the SpaceClaim functionality in ANSYS16. I just wanted to make sure-- are you also selling standalone SpaceClaim product or you getting traction selling that as well? 
Jim Cashman: Yeah, in fact and here we you might have noticed that in previous quarter we’re saying that it was a little bit slow on the uptake and we're not really to that -- that’s really not been a talking point. We did put -- there are a couple of different aspects to it, first of all there is a CAD aspect of SpaceClaim and that's really not our focus. We said that from day 1. We love the inherit technology, so there's been an influx of different smaller channels that have been interested in that capabilities and that's fine, we are going to focus on the simulation, innovation, virtual prototyping. However, with than mind, I mean from day 1, we always had geometry creation, geometry integration with other CAD partners and players and things like that and some geometries always leads sub rule that innovation process and this is just the main reason why we -- SpaceClaim was [indiscernible] to take that to a new level with us and we found that actually did the benefits succumb from somebody being able on the fly and your speed of thought, be able to generate innovative designs and concepts very quickly, has been something to really unlocks this overall person simulations, so again early on in the process those are the things that we’ve seen right from the get-go. 
Jason Buncovar: Great thanks that's very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question 
Sterling Auty : Thanks, hi guys. I'm wondering to start with can you give us -- what was the SpaceClaim contribution in the quarter?
Jim Cashman: It was somewhere in the -- I thinks about the 2 million to 3 million range.
Sterling Auty : Okay. And the 115 headcount increase that you mentioned year-over-year. I want to make sure that I'm clear -- was that 115 all in sales or that was the total net increase? And what portion? 
Jim Cashman: 115 was the net increase, the majority were in sales, but it wasn’t before 115.
Sterling Auty: Okay and looking at how you've layered in the hires and noting that it's mainly Asia and North America to start with, how should we think about when that productivity ramp is really going to hit? It seems like with that level of SpaceClaim contribution, that the organic constant currency growth in March looks to be about the same as what it was in December, so haven't seen the impact yet.
Jim Cashman: Well, we're really looking at the second quarter -- second half, we are looking at it and that’s always been built into our guidance. So, Auty, you've added very early statement as I said were -- if you look at what we said three months ago, I mean what with currency impacting out there, what we saw in the quarter and what we are seeing for the end of the year, it’s pretty much in our projection of course we want to include Europe, we want to as I mentioned roll Europe in there, it was little bit slower on the uptake of adding the sales capacity and alike of that was something that we started addressing very early on. But answer to your question the adjusting isn’t really -- that really is in a whole change in the dynamic of sales ramp up.  It's typically in its six to nine months to the marginally productive. I mean there is early on, they are still producing sales and things like that but I'm talking about when they target ramp up and then quite frankly they -- we charge that over as you really doesn’t go have some topic until about it year three or four year, when they start to get up to the full competency which then price had dictate the sales productivity on a go forward stand point from there.
Sterling Auty : And last question -- I think you mentioned FX actually shrunk some of the deal sizes. What I'm curious about is, whether you are seeing some of the FX actually -- forget about the translation of the contract value -- but actual demand impacts from FX. I personally would have thought to get to double-digit constant currency growth this year; I would've thought we would have started a little bit higher than where we did. So I'm wondering if there is that indirect impact on demand from FX in some regions. 
Jim Cashman: Very-very little that we can see from the indirect. You might have some in some of those smaller market, the Eastern Europe of course we've talked about the issue of -- we have a very subdue with you of Russia, which you know couple of years has been a very significant one, but the effects that we are talking are really like a fewer translations type of impact.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Koenig from Koenig; please go ahead with your question.
Steve Koenig: I think I get the picture on quota carriers, they were up quite sharply year-on-year as of the Q1 call but mostly, just to confirm, that occurred in Asia-PAC and North America really not so much in Europe is that correct?
Jim Cashman: Yes, disproportionately and that was again a lot, that was happening -- a little bit happened at the end of last year and a lot was happening in Q1, throughout Q1.
Steve Koenig: Okay, and then I want to ask then really the questions related to that. The reorg of sales into a named accounts group that was pretty significant in size. Where did this occur and what regions?
Jim Cashman: First of all, it wasn't a holistic approach; it was a bifurcation of the sales force, because there are still a lot of things related to developmental work in the smaller medium enterprise. However it was -- so we always did a really good job at those major accounts. You could see the statistics of those; you know the top 20-30 of those really major ones. However the rest were in kind of a more of a territorial [mélange] and so we broke it, so first of all I want to paint the picture that it wasn't just all named accounts but that tells you about the additional, I'm sorry, go ahead.  There is a push toward to the focus of those major, of the major accounts and that focus really is -- actually the one thing I can tell you is that it has allowed for a lot more interaction and specific activities within those named accounts. So in other words I guess that focus has led to some very targeted type of things which are -- actually been pretty encouraging and in the meantime kind of fun.
Steve Koenig: Okay so, maybe for my follow up, I want to clarify that and that's the follow up. So I'm asking specifically what regions did you create the named accounts group in and was there any disruption from that and then do you expect -- when do you expect to see acceleration from that, is that also a second half phenomenon?
Jim Cashman: Absolutely, because it takes time to get to build those relationships, know the different things and if you will just break the status quo of how the customer has been interacted with, sometimes on a very tactical level. Now how it played through, I mean obviously it's one that's very set, very well matched toward North America, there are areas where it's also being used in Asia but there're other things where we have to take into account. So for instance you might take somewhere in China and the split or might be along the line of state owned enterprises versus multinational companies involved there and other types. So, the main thing has been toward getting specific people focused toward a specific short term and a higher return type of activity, and one more thing I want to say is, the one thing is, numerically encouraging to us is, we have seen the gross pipelines increase as a result of this overall activity but gross pipelines there can be a gain in numbers so, at the end of the day if it doesn't flow through the pipe and ultimately turn into sales then it's largely hyped so. But we have seen those numbers and we're now expecting to see some of that move through the pipe again over that same two-three quarter timeframe. 
Steve Koenig: So just to clarify Jim, it sounds as if from your commentary you didn't really see any disruption from this reorganization in the areas that you did it, and you're expecting it to become productive in a few quarters, is that a fair understanding?
Jim Cashman: It's a fair assessment, I have to say I would also expect there would be a little bit disruption, but sometimes you have to do that just to get things moving. However it was not, it was not noticeable and it was not one of those things where we said, oh my gosh, you know things have -- so I'm sure there was growing pains and disruption out there but nothing that on a total basis which caused us any pause or concern. So it's pretty much along the lines we assumed. Does that help?
Steve Koenig: Yes, certainly does, thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Rogers from Great Lakes Review; please go ahead with your question. 
Jason Rogers: Hello. Looking at North America, the weakness in the oil and gas sector that you saw have a material impact on the growth rate for the quarter?
Jim Cashman: Well, I don't know if it had an impact I guess you have to define material, was it a 5% change? No. Was it a point or two? Very possibly. Keep in mind the one thing we've got is, we've got in this very early going, we've got a very broad based industry composition and therefore, we don't have any one industry that really accounts for more than 20% of our business, so even when there are those kinds of dislocations in there, it's tough to move the overall number. It was noticeable and it did have an impact on the growth rates.
Jason Rogers: All right, and if you're able, would you be able to quantify the number of seven figure deals for the quarter if you were to exclude FX and include those that have been pushed out to 2Q?
Jim Cashman: We would be able to but I didn't run those numbers -- we're still building the base so, we'd have to kind of like of sort through it on the fly. I don’t have that number but I mean, there was not that we knew that, that was one of the three things but that's first and foremost one is, when you have a four year deal with somebody and you can see this it's expanding the differed backlog balances, you know you're not going to be -- you know that that is not going to be in the renewal account and that's really not disconcerting think it all and as I recall we even talked about the couple of things -- fairly significant that pulled into Q4. So, the fact is we're going to have a revenue ramp up from that; it just won’t count as that to be very cardinal number of numbers in there. So, what would we want to do is, we want to look at that kind of balance over the long-term we’ll be looking at renewal rates and growth rates in those, which is one reason why highlighted the growth rate in those average orders that did come up because that’s something that seems to be something that follows with every one of these major deals that involved time-based licenses long-term kind of progression. And so the fact is if we can continue to have our largest customers increasing at a total population and growing disproportionately to that the company growth rate, we consider that very good, while we're also developing that small-medium enterprise and designer elements of the business.
Jason Rogers: All right. And the percentage of these seven-figure deals that have moved to time-based licenses was that percentage similar to the previous quarter?
Jim Cashman: It's a little bit higher, we're seeing like we said. It's not like there is a student body write-on here but we're seeing a continued trend and like I said even company that for decade have been purchases of periodic lumps of perpetual licenses, they are some of people, they're also doing that, I guess if anything, make it partially that provide a control over ramp and understanding of their own usage and look at as a manageable asset.
Jason Rogers: All right and finally, I wonder if you could comment on the current environment for acquisitions, what opportunities you're seeing and evaluations. Thank you.
Jim Cashman: Well, valuations are kind of all over the map but they're tending more toward the richer once. We're seeing a good population -- again the once that we've looked, we started talking more about things might be in the 50 million to 70 million kind of revenue range and another [indiscernible] very distinct technology that are relatively good growers, but there are may be in the 1 million to 5 million revenue standpoint, they're important from the technology standpoint but it's not as if it actually moves the dial. So, we're seeing a reasonable population of those but it is calculated around the evaluations which I've say are too rich and even above that.
Operator: Our next question is come from Ross MacMillan of RBC. Please go ahead with your question.
Ross MacMillan: Maria I just want to confirm, do you have the sequential impact on deferred revenue from foreign exchange in the quarter?
Maria Shields: Yes, it's about 8.6 million Ross.
Ross MacMillan: Thank you. And just given what you are seeing in terms of either billings, or current bookings or however you think about order intake into the business, I was just curious as to, I think you're guiding to that sort of [9%] constant currency revenue growth this year. Do you think the order intake, however you measure that, will be about the same rate? Or do you think it could be higher or lower? How do you think about that metric?
Jim Cashman: Actually, we would expect that it probably will historically be a bit above, the revenue growth however what can affect that is, you got multiyear deals, you got the timing of those, how many years as they involved and things like that and as we mentioned on the last call, we had some where people went and said okay we want to go multiyear and they said well okay so here’s our framework for four years, but contractually we're only committing to two years. Now in reality are they going to pull the plug on all software that point, no, we don't count that in our numbers? So, the way that those we're coming and under what terms are ready to do that. But if you look at everything is being on apples-to-apples basis, I'd anticipate that the order rates would actually outpace the recognize revenue rates, Maria, is there anything?
Maria Shields: No, that's fine.
Ross MacMillan: That's really helpful. And then Jim, just two for you quickly. I think you did mention you saw slightly higher percentage of time-based or flexible license deals. Do you know what those actually were in the quarter out of the 22 over 1 million. Is there a specific number you can highlight?
Jim Cashman: I don't have that parts, in front of me. That’s something I think we can take a look at.
Maria Shields: The only thing I will comment Ross is and we eluded to this on the last call is that the largest deal in the quarter came to us and we've been working on this obviously for the past couple of months but historically if you look at last year's Q1 or the year before, it manifested itself in a large perpetual. This year it manifested itself in ratable recognitions, so helping to contribute to the buildup in that deferred revenue and backlog number.
Ross MacMillan: Understood, that's helpful. And then Jim, last one. On Europe, if we go back -- you'd taken a charge in Q4 for headcount reductions, and I just wanted to make sure I understood what the charge was that you're anticipating for Q2. Is this equivalent to what we saw in Q4, but for Europe this time around as opposed to a different region?
Jim Cashman: Yes, essentially that is the nuts and bolts of it. Maria?
Maria Shields: Yes, I said you know as Jim in his script talked about how we've been systematically going across the globe making changes, because quite frankly what got us here is not going to get us to where we want to go and so there are certain skill sets, that quite frankly we need to hire in. But it's not going to be at the cost of just instrumentalism to bring down the margin. So we're trying to balance investing in the business and bringing intelligent skill sets that don't necessarily exist that we need to continue to grow the business and at the same time being cognizant that there are some that just don't align with where we're going in the future. So now it’s -- we're taking a look at Europe and we’re going to market strategy and similar things that we did in other geographies.
Ross MacMillan: Understood. So, as the portfolio has become more complex. There's different skill sets and, therefore, you're trying to invest in the right skill sets given the portfolio of product set today?
Jim Cashman: Yes, that's correct, I mean keep in mind we've always talked about that we have to have extreme deep knowledge. So that's an important part, however on the part that’s expanding also is that you need to have the understanding how the portfolio and multi-physics work together and how systems can actually be optimized, not just, sub-pieces of that. Now those are some of the major things where we need to bolster those and now we are turning our attention to that.
Ross MacMillan: Perfect. Thanks so much and congrats.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Williams from Evercore. I advise please go ahead with your question.
Matt Williams: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. On the multi-year engagement in contracts gradually shifting in that direction, can you give us a little bit of color in terms of how much of that activity is being driven from your end, in terms of actively engaging and starting to walk people down that path? And how much of it is really customers coming to you and saying we have [indiscernible] and we like to do it with you guys.
Jim Cashman: Yes, it does. Really it's a collaborative, it's really had a collaborative approach where customers are looking at what they are sane long term acquisition thing as opposed to a transactional kind of a relationship and we're looking at what is the proper rate at which we can instill that software in there and it actually turns into a collaboration process and I think the only thing that’s happened as opposed to over the last few year, I mean we just gave a handful of customers did, and now it's becoming a little bit more broad based and we have to continue to put a systematic rigor around how we do that, but it's not like we created a forced march for the customers and not the like the customers are pounding on the gate for pitchforks. It's just more along lines of as we expand and they expand their usage, they had to be able to do that in a controlled managed way and we also want to be able to help provide that to them. So, if anything I think that the healthiest aspect is, as opposed to treating each one as a purchase transaction, it's actually been more of a charting, if you will, of a multi-year implementation strategy.
Matt Williams: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe just at a high-level, one of the themes that you guys have been talking about has been the Internet of things and what that could potentially mean for the business. So, I'm wondering if you could just give sort of high level update around IOT and maybe any particular segments where your solutions are particularly resonating with those customers.
Jim Cashman: Yes, there's actually few aspects for one; One is the Internet of Things as an infrastructure, so if you look at all of things where you got to have a lot of connected devices, a lot of times they have antennas and they have got electronic content, but they have to have structural and mechanical survivability, in other words, you have to have that connectivity, if you got a billion devices connected up you can't be having a billion service calls for failed components, so helping companies get involved in that kind of information in terms of helping to build out the infrastructure is one aspect of it. There's actually another thing that I'm particularly excited about is when you have all these connected things, they're going to tell you what's going on, but they're not necessarily will be able to tell you what you do about it or what does that imply in terms of, you're getting all this feedback of operational data and things like that from the real world, it might be well, how close you would get in to schedule maintenance or failures, so that concept of linking it in with the design intent of the product and how it was designed and how the real world is comparing to the assumptions of what was designed for. Now taking all that information and tying that into a simulation backbone is very key. But that's something it'll take a little bit more time over time but just helping companies get out there with products that can -- that can have the connectivity and survivability to fit into that framework is one where we see a lot of early movement.
Operator: And we have follow up from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Please go ahead with your follow up.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Very good, thank you. Jim, I would like to ask about two of your larger verticals and your expectations there. First, when we take the percentages of revenue by vertical that you shared with us, the combined electronics and semi's are typically about one third of your revenue. And you've had some pretty good growth there over the last couple of years, mid-teens it looks like in 2014. The proportion was a little bit down in Q1, again on a combined basis. And so it does look as though electronics and semi's may have slowed a little bit for you in the quarter. Could you talk about your expectations for that over perhaps the remainder of the year in terms of the capacity and so forth? Then the second question, I'll just get that in is, there's a view in the industry that in the automotive vertical, one of your larger ones as well, that over the next 2 to 4 years, there are going to be some potentially important new selections or re-selections by many of the car companies, particularly outside of the United States and a lot of it having to do with, perhaps, new or re-done PLM and systems engineering decisions and I'm sure you're aware of all that. My question is, to the extent that this process occurs in automotive, what could be the corollary effects on simulation, in terms of pulling through some perhaps new simulations selections by auto as they go through these other selections as well?
Jim Cashman: Well, it obviously helps to drive that mean again as you noted our growth in automotive has been fairly strong and in some ways -- maybe back in the 80s some of the analysis capabilities kind of went hand-in-hand with some of the CAD, CAM kind of capabilities but there has been lot of individual account level improvement along those lines and I think that we’ll continue to see that and how they're actually get reconciled during the annually PLF re-factoring -- that I really don't know and maybe few people ultimately do. Now, in the electronics side, the reason we separate those is there is a fundamental difference in the cyclical nature of what's happening at say maybe the those top 20 or 30 chip manufacturers, which are heavily Apache oriented versus what are people doing maybe even with set parts of chips, they're already developed in determining and creating overall electronic devices whether it's for consumer whatever. And then the other thing is that keep in mind, the automotive thing, there are many companies that we're traditional electronics names and they're scored that way but they're shifting major parts of their business toward specifically serving this need you noted or this demand that's emerging in the automotive and avionics kind of world. So, it's kind of a continue moment that's why we really segment out what's going on in that shifting because what's happening in automotive in general is it's help by its related with what might be happening with moving to the smaller or nanometer chipsets and the 3D chips and things like that. So, they really kind of even though there both electrical in nature, it's the same thing as automotive and the oil industry both deal with mechanical structures, but they don't -- the industries even though they deal with similar physical phenomenal, it's not exactly the same thing. We basically expect those two sectors to kind of still be linked but operate independently but there definitely is going to be a push in that dynamic; we see the continued growth on the automotive side and in those nontraditional ways relate to the electronics, whether it's for safety systems or controls or whole range of different activities.
Operator: Again ladies and gentlemen, at this time we've reached the end of today question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference call back over to Mr. Cashman for any closing remarks.
Jim Cashman: Well, I think we just about covered it everybody, but again thanks for the questions and your time. So, I guess honestly, I'd like to thank everybody for the participations in the call and the continuing interest and support of ANSYS. So, also I'd like to do my normal shout-out to the entire ANSYS team for the execution in Q1 and just that commitment to all the things, we just talked about in this call. So, in short we believe that we're well positioned to drive growth and achieve our goals in the coming year. Basically I'd say for two very significant reasons, the first is, we've increase stability from some of those larger multiyear enterprise opportunities and second we've been successful in our more aggressive approach to sales hiring that we left reference to in the last two calls. And we're also expanding as we've mentioned with focus on Europe and we expect that will have a positive implication for driving a sales and revenue growth that particularly as we mentioned in the second half of the year. So, when you back that up with the fact that an unparalleled product offering and the longevity that we have with our customers and to some of the basics in terms of high recurring revenue and those type of capabilities, we remain pretty bullish on that. So, we're committed basically to driving operating cash flow and continuing to generate significant returns to our stockholders. So I'll put one last one again, we look forward to seeing all of you at our upcoming Investor Day, that's at June 2nd just outside of Detroit and it will be held in conjunction with the Automotive Simulation World Congress, so it'll be a unique opportunity for you to learn more about the exciting growth prospects available to us and we hope to see you there, so thanks everybody and we'll talk to again next quarter. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference call, we do thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your telephone lines.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-26 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James Cashman - President and Chief Executive Officer Maria Shields - Vice President Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Anil Doradla - William Blair & Company Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Matt Williams - Evercore ISI Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Steve Koenig - Wedbush Securities Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets Mark Schappel - Benchmark
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS’ Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2014 Conference Call. With us today are Mr. Jim Cashman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer.  At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Cashman for some opening remarks. 
James Cashman: Okay, thank you Rocco. Good morning, and thanks to everyone, for joining us to discuss our 2014 Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Financial Results. So as usual before we get started, I'd like to introduce Maria Shields, our CFO and ask her to go through our Safe Harbor statements. Maria?
Maria Shields: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks document have been posted on the home page of our Investor Relations website this morning. And they contain all of the key financial information and supporting data relative to Q4 and the Full-Year 2014 business results as well as our current Q1 and fiscal year 2015 outlook and our key underlying assumptions.  I'd also like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum.  Finally, during the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K.  So Jim, I'll now turn it back to you. 
James Cashman: Okay, thanks Maria. So let’s start with a recap of the results that the ANSYS team achieved in 2014. So as you might recall from our Investor Day in March of 2014, we laid out a number of key objectives for the year. We set goals of achieving non-GAAP revenue growth of 8 to 11% in constant currency, achieving strong margins and cash flows, high rates of recurring revenue, and continued growth in both deferred and revenue and backlog. And I am pleased to say that we did in fact achieve every one of those goals. First, we achieved an extraordinary milestone of $1 billion in sales bookings. Our non-GAAP revenue growth for the year in constant currency was 10%.  Our non-GAAP operating margin was 48%. We generated over $385 million in cash flow. That's a 16% increase over 2013. Our recurring revenue for the year was 71% and our deferred revenue and backlog grew by 14%. We also accelerated the rate of return in capital to our shareholders through share repurchases. You might recall that in the November 2014 call, our Board of Directors we mentioned had significantly increased our share repurchase program to 5 million shares. At that time, we committed to purchasing $200 million in stock over the following five months. We actually achieved that goal in less than three months.  So in total we repurchased 3 million shares of stock in 2014 and 930,000 shares in January of 2015. Now we committed to returning capital to our shareholders while simultaneously growing our top line business, both organically and through targeted acquisitions. As a result, our Board recently increased the authorized share repurchase pool back to 5 million shares. During 2014, we acquired Reaction Design for advanced simulation of chemical reactions for combustion, and SpaceClaim for evolutionary geometry handling. And just a week ago, we acquired Newmerical Technologies International, a premier developer of in-flight icing simulation software and associated design, testing and certification services.  These acquisitions along with the groundbreaking technology we introduced last month in ANSYS version 16 which I’ll discuss a bit later, further distances us from the competition. So I’d like to now just take a moment to highlight some of the successes from the fourth quarter. Most importantly, we achieved double-digit growth in revenue in the fourth quarter in constant currency surpassing the expectations that we shared with you in early November. We ended the year on a particularly strong note with record revenue and operating cash flows for the fourth quarter which drove record results for the full year.  Importantly our recurring revenue base continues to be very strong at 66% for the fourth quarter even off of the strong license performance. Now continuing the trends from Q3, we closed with strong contributions from all of our major regions. North American non-GAAP revenue grew 12%, Europe rose 9% and Asia Pac increased 15%, again all in constant currency. Growth came from a broad base of industries and these industries are highlighted in more detail within the quarter’s prepared remarks which you can find on our investor site.  During the fourth quarter, we had 35 customers with orders in excess of $1 million. The average value of those orders represented a 14% increase over last year. Now two of those customers actually had orders in excess of $15 million, in fact one of them Cummins was featured in a separate announcement that we made earlier today. We signed a landmark agreement with Cummins Inc, which has been a customer of ANSYS for over 25 years. The new multiyear enterprise license agreement provides Cummins with broad access to the ANSYS portfolio, including our high-performance computing solutions.  Cummins’ commitment to the ANSYS technology is in direct relationship with their vision of Analysis Led Design providing them with the flexibility necessary to grow their use of simulation in ways that would have been very difficult previously. The agreement is actually indicative of the continuing shift to multi-year enterprise license agreements that several of our larger long-standing customers are considering that we talked about in recent calls. This allows for a widespread adoption of our technology across their enterprises.  So the Cummins announcement is really just the next step in a long journey that we’ve been on for over two decades, and one that we see continuing into the future for many more. This really is an example of simulation-driven product development and the democratization of simulation, visions that we’ve been advancing for over 15 years now. Okay, so during the fourth quarter we continue to accelerate sales hiring as an important lever to drive the increased sales execution, capacity and growth as we head into 2015.  Now we’ve seen the payoff in Q4 and overall 2014 results from a number of the changes and investments that we made throughout the of the year of 2014. And our plan is to continue to drive change in investment in 2015 to continue on a path toward achieving our goal of double-digit constant currency revenue growth in 2015. So in summary for the quarter, constant currency and bookings growth were both double-digits. We ended 2014 with record results and we’ve great momentum as enter into 2015.  So now let me just share a little bit about the groundbreaking version of our software ANSYS 16.0 which we released in January. Now you may recall at Investor Day last year, we outlined for you the tremendous growth opportunities available to us across three primary dimensions; increasing the number of users, number one; increasing the density of usage through multiphysics; and increasing the intensity of usage through high-performance computing.  ANSYS 16.0 is transformational in our industry and helps us to drive growth across all three of these dimensions. Even though we already have the deepest and broadest physics, we’re continuing to make significant advances and investments in R&D. So first, with its dramatically enhanced user-interface and improved ease of use, it makes simulation more accessible to the broader range of people, and it increases the situations in which simulation can be used. Secondly, ANSYS 16.0 reflects major enhancements to our entire portfolio including structures, fluids, electronics, systems, engineering solutions of all types.  These enhanced features will broaden the use of simulation beyond one type of physics to true multiphysics used collaboratively by teams to assess entire systems. And third, ANSYS 16.0 is geared for high-performance computing solutions and it provides extreme scalability, ease of use and flexibility through customization and cloud-enabled applications. We’re the only simulation provider that's really certified at 36,000 cores and above. So all of these features will enable our customers to solve difficult problems in minutes, instead of hours or days thereby driving the intensity of usage.  And then actually one final point I should make is certainly not the left, because there’s a lot we could talk about. But with the release of ANSYS 16.0, we further solidified our platform status in the industry. The ANSYS Workbench platform further enabled simulation-driven product development by identifying which design parameters most influence product performance and by enabling engineers to easily evaluate multiple-design variations.  There are numerous additional enhancements in version 16.0 around robustness, efficiency, ease of use and actually most notably including extensions to the Workbench customization to allow the user to create their own, well user-defined processes, automation wizards and customization and optimization algorithms.  So in summary for ANSYS 16.0; A, extended leadership in each of our simulation disciplines; B, preeminent multiphysics and support of comprehensive virtual prototypes; and finally an enterprise-capable simulation platform. There’s a lot more on the website if you are interested in digging into that, but those are just the summary highlights. So with that, I am going to turn it back to Maria to discuss our Q1 and our 2015 guidance before we move into Q&A. So, Maria? 
Maria Shields: Okay, thanks Jim. So as we outlined in this morning’s press release, we’ve initiated our outlook for Q1 with non-GAAP revenue in the range of $217 million to $225 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.74 to $0.79. With respect to fiscal year 2015 with the sole exception of updates for movements in currency since we initially provided our 2015 outlook in early November, everything else remains largely the same. Those currency updates translates to our revived outlook of non-GAAP revenue in the range of $946 million to $976 million and non-GAAP EPS of $3.40 to $3.51.  From a qualitative perspective, our Q1 guidance takes into account the currency updates that I just mentioned, as well as one particularly large customer deal that has historically included a combination of upfront perpetual revenue and the annual lease and maintenance business. Because of the structure of this year’s deal, the entire value of the transaction will be recognized ratably throughout 2015. The structural change of just this one transaction adversely affects first-quarter revenue by approximately $2 million to $3 million.  For 2015, we’re assuming no significant changes either way in the overall macro climate. We also see sales and revenue growth rates ramping up as the year progresses, particularly as the new sales capacity that Jim talked about earlier that has been brought on in Q4 and Q1 begins producing and as the recently announced channel initiatives begin to take hold. For further details around specific currency rates and other key assumptions that we factored into Q1 and fiscal 2015 outlook, please take a look at the prepared remarks that we posted on the Investor Relations home page this morning.  So with that Rocco, we’ll now open up the line to take some questions. 
Question-and:
Operator: Thank you very much, ma’am. We’ll now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, we’ll pause momentarily to assemble our roster. Our first question comes from Anil Doradla of William Blair. Please go ahead. 
Anil Doradla: A couple of questions. Can you talk a little bit about you know the oil and kind of drilling end markets. I know you’ve some exposure there, they are heavy users of your products. Energy prices have been coming down, so in terms of their discretionary spending, how have they been off lately? 
James Cashman: Well the good news is that you are correct. We’ve exposure there, but keep in mind with the number of customers we’ve, we’ve exposure across every industry because we’ve access and play in every industry. And there’s no doubt that the oil prices where they are now compared to where they have been in past years, it does have a dampening effect on their spending. But the only thing I would say is that, that's one thing about the diversity of our industry base is that there’s almost always one industry that's always in kind of a temporary nadir. So that's really not to get around.  So the interesting adjunct to that though is that while there’s a dampening effect on the expenditure of engineers, the one thing we’ve found is that when that is the case, a fair amount of times companies will actually say well we can’t add more engineers, we’ve got to do more with less. And more and more simulation is one of those things that allows them to amplify the number of engineers that they do have. So you know there is you know a hedging aspect in terms of that utilization.  But there’s no doubt that the industry you know does ebb and flow on those prices. And by the way, likewise when oil prices go high, you know a lot of other alternate energies become a little bit more in vogue as the comparative tradeoffs there. So it’s really a pretty complex dynamic equation that is kind of just beyond the one. But I guess you know briefly it's not a major factor to us, but yes it is an overall environmental thing that we’ve to factor into our everyday living. 
Anil Doradla: Great and Maria, I mean given that you know FX is a hard reality going forward, have you guys considered or considering you know incorporating some level of hedging in the whole P&L? Because going forward with 65% of exposure to foreign currencies, you know we could see this recurring theme, wouldn’t you say? 
Maria Shields: Absolutely, but because of our presence we’ve got natural hedges built-in to the expense base. So the reality is, I'll be honest with you. I am not an expert in betting on currency movements and so I think we will continue what we have historically done and just use the natural hedges that we’ve got in place. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Maria, first for you and then a follow-up for Jim. First, could you comment on your 2015 cash flow expectations? And secondly, when we look at the Q4 revenue split by license type, that is lease versus perpetual, it looks like your total lease revenues were about flat sequentially. And that on a year-over-year basis most if not all of the year-over-year increase in lease revenues might have been attributable to Apache, which of course is an entirely lease-based model. Could you just comment on that as well? And then a follow-up for Jim, thanks. 
Maria Shields: Yeah, so let’s start with cash flows. We’re looking at for right now based on everything we know Jay, we’re looking at probably somewhere in the $360 million to $380 million of operating cash flows for 2015. With respect to your -- yes, in constant currency so the lease base was up about 8%. No doubt the Apache business for Q4 versus Q4, the Apache business plays a role. But we’ve also got leases throughout the rest of the portfolio and some of the strength particularly in the Electronics business unit which is complimentary to the Apache business also played a role in that growth. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: And for Jim, when we look at your portion of revenue by end market, you provided that now for 2014. It looks as though for Q4 and for the year as a whole, but particularly for Q4, you had quite strong growth in automotives. So that is pretty consistent with what we hear from your peer group vis-à-vis that end market. It looks like you did well in industrial equipment and materials and chemicals just to name a couple of the end markets. Could you comment on your expectations on sustainable momentum into 2015 and beyond, particularly for automotives, and after semis and electronics, it’s your largest vertical? 
James Cashman: Yeah, well we’re still seeing continued progress in there. And in fact even some of the -- you know some of these larger kind of engagements, we’re getting to or starting to bring in non-traditional sources along that line. And by the way that's across multiple geographies on top of it. And what it really gets down to is if you look at the complexity of what’s going in there, it used to be things were always broken into, here’s body and white and here is powertrain.  And here is, I mean now looking at some of the more system impacts of these are tending to take you know a broader role in addition to the overall kind of inexorable push toward efficiency you know in the vehicle. So I look at that and then I look at also the -- we also look at the increasing amount of [electronical] content, be it control systems, be it you know all sorts of safety systems and monitoring and things like that. And those are major things that are driving it, along with also some of the changes in materials. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Williams of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Matt Williams: I was just wondering Jim, if you could spend a little bit of time on ANSYS AIM. It sounds like you know as a component of ANSYS 16.0 that that really has a lot of potential to really broaden the access and user base within your customer base. So I was just wondering if you could comment a little bit on any feedback or reception that you’ve gotten around that? 
James Cashman: Well, essentially keep in mind that this is also a first step of a multi-step journey, so we’ve been continuing to do that. The key thing to focus on is we always said that A, the first thing was bringing together multiphysics. And then the second part then was okay, we’re going to develop a platform that allows these shared data inter-operate. And then we were -- and that was roughly embodied in the Workbench platform. And you can see, even though we’ve been at that for a few years, some of the things that have taken hold most recently was the customization and that is the next step.  But we always talked about the third step of that was going to be the environment for using multiphysics in a way where people didn’t have to struggle with all the nuances of the legacy applications that were pervasive throughout the industry. And AIM is really one of those first things that terms at that step of providing a user environment that basically draws the user in and allows them to take advantage of a lot of the modern advances that are going on.  And of course when you layer everything else underneath that, the next step will be how does that work into both private and public clouds and going there and there’s a lot of exciting movement on that point. So again just like Workbench was several stages going through, AIM is a very important first step, but it's a very real palpable thing for the next generation of user interaction. 
Matt Williams: And then maybe just one quick follow-up for me and then I will hop off. But you know it seems like with the Reaction acquisition, the Newmerical acquisition, that you're starting to get a little bit more vertically focused in some areas. I guess, you know are there other opportunities to really get a little bit deeper with some of the vertical opportunities and some of the demands that you are seeing within particular industries? 
James Cashman: Well the only thing I’ll want to say primarily is that we’re not inherently getting more vertically focused because we’ve a broad base. But keep in mind, any time you acquire any kind of a relatively small company, small companies tend to focus around some area of excellence. The main thing around Reaction Design was that A, starting to move into the chemistry realm and you can think of all sorts of realm where chemistry meeting physics opens a whole new line of thing.  I mean we talked about powertrain that realizes a different set of chemistry, but you know what impact might that have on battery life and things like that sometime in the future. But it also in many cases plays very well into what was mentioned on an earlier question around the automotive, something that we even mentioned for instance around the Cummins deal and things like that, where okay now some of the performance aspects of this are very important. And while we may, we don't want to have a 1000 paper cuts of all these vertical different [apps].  These are unitary products that fit across our family, but they provide immediate value for a group of customers that then we can expand based on our scale, the breadth of our -- the breadth and depth of our sales and go-to-market strategy that maybe a smaller company might have been more limited by. So actually we can create that and frankly that's something that we’ve demonstrated with every acquisition that we’ve done, you know done so far. So you know I think the thing is that these are ways of fleshing out things and in particular getting areas of intellectual competency in areas where we might have been able to study up and build our way to them.  But if we can get masses of very talented people who are interested as we’re in continuing to build this vision, that’s a great immediate move for us, and it’s something that plays well with our customers. So I wouldn’t say that's the only thing that we’re doing as we go forward, acquisitions are still a major part. Actually I shouldn't say that, I should say the major part of what we intend to do with our capital utilization. But amongst that, that's going to be a mix of some of the additional add-ons we do, but also some of the tech tuck-ins and some of the ancillary type of technologies that we’re bringing on.  But you know virtually all the technologies we bring on ultimately have some kind of you know bearing into you know into other industries. So it's not just a niche play. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Ashley of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead. 
Steve Ashley: Yeah, I’d just like to drill down on the sales force a little bit. Do you know by any chance, how many reps you maybe ended the year with? What kind of you know increase we might have seen in the fourth quarter and what you are highlighting [indiscernible]? 
James Cashman: Well it was -- you know without getting into specific numbers, it was a little bit above 200, you know the things we’ve talking about. And we’ve probably had the equivalent of about, you know to date probably about a 15% to 20% increase in head counts. And that's something we did very aggressively in Q4, because we wanted to be prepped up for the year. As it is, we’ve had a really good you know onboarding of some of those people. We’ve had a really good attraction kind of strategy.  And of course then it’s going to take some time for them to bring up you know to get productive throughout the year. I think we’ve talked about a 3 to 6 month kind of ramp up. And by the way, we were still hiring into the early part of Q1, because you know there is a certain amount of bandwidth for bringing these on. But we’ve already seen some of the impacts of that early hiring and certainly from a demand generation effort, you know the system is still, I mean the external system is still absorbing that ability. So in other words, we’re not getting, you know we’re not over saturated by any means. 
Steve Ashley: And then on ANSYS 16.0, you gave us a nice little overview of all of the benefits there. And I know one of them you talked about is the UI enhancement, really wanting to make that easier to use. Can you give us just maybe a little more color on that ease of use and what might be involved with what you provided in ANSYS 16.0? 
James Cashman: Well, there’s a whole range of things where -- I mean if you think about a lot of other applications that you use, I mean in terms of you know being able to you know to get -- you know how to pod things, videos, it will pop up like as you hover over things. So in other words, in some cases, you don’t even have to ask for things. It’s anticipating what you want, it's anticipating certain guidelines.  It allows you to set the preferences. And I think the other thing that can’t be overplayed is that you know in some cases, these initial steps where we can be operating all the physics within one window, that may seem like a pretty trivial kind of end-user enhancement or a comp-side achievement. But what you can do you know in that one window where you are not kind of like trying to you know hop between different things that are connected and talking to one another, but they still feel a little bit different.  And I think that's part of it, I think also as somebody, as people start branching into multiphysics, you might think you know historically fluids and structures even though they are both mechanical engineering disciplines. And every mechanical engineer learned in school the tools and their application historically have been so separate, you had to be an expert practitioner in there.  And because of that, the different tools kind of pose problems in different ways, spoke in different languages. And you know we want to get to that point where a person with good engineering judgment overall isn’t wrestling with the nuances of the linguistics of the program. So they can get those working together. So first of all, we solve the interactivity from the data standpoint, meaning we can solve the problems.  Now we want to bring that in where the bar gets lowered to a good engineer being able to get access to it. And that's what I meant about the multi-step journey that we’ll be on that. Just like we’re in a multi-step journey on Workbench, even though we’ve been able to harvest some nice success out of that over the last few years. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Saket Kalia of Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kalia: The first one for Jim. Jim, can you just talk about this Cummins contract a little bit? You know it seems like it wasn't just the flexible payment structure that the time-based license inherently give. But it also sounds like Cummins was maybe getting broader access to the portfolio. And I know you said in the past that you are not doing a token-based licensing model. So can you just walk through how maybe these sort of agreements work? 
James Cashman: Yeah again token, that's just -- that's one way of approaching a flexibility issue and things like that. But really what we looked at was -- and that's where when we engage with major customers, we get a concept of what they want to do. But what we try to do is make access to that software. We elevate it out of the individual transaction level, because they have already made a commitment to us. We’ve already made a commitment to them, and it provides that flexibility to actually bring in the things.  You know sometimes it's very difficult at the very beginning to say I'm going to need exactly this capability at this particular time. And you try to over-programatize it, but with this one we can look at the number of users, the types of jobs that they trying to do, the things that they are trying to solve from a business standpoint. And it allows you to do the things we couldn't do for our 45,000 customers on a standard price list. But when you can actually engage with somebody and get that economy, it allows us to work together.  I think also an interesting adjunct of these kind of enterprise agreements we’ve. And you saw a reference of that with an announcement we had made a year ago in terms of this is the way that sometimes we’ll actually collaborate with those customers to be prepared to jointly tackle the next generation of problems that are maybe addressed by simulation. So it's actually – it's more than just a transactional purchasing. It's really more of a holistic technology implementation trajectory that we tried to build on there.  And it’s really an invigorating one, because it’s really solved -- it’s really around how you solve new classes of problems as opposed to how do you get over a certain kind of purchase hurdle. And we’re starting to see more and more of these. That's what factors into some, you know some of things we’ve talked about the last couple of calls in terms of time-based licenses that you know it tends to maybe slightly deflate in the early period. But it builds over the long period and I think we’ve even seen that you know in these early stages.  But we just see increasing interest you know in those type of a relationship. And it really is one of those things, and I think it’s a very significant point because it shows. It basically shows if you will, getting to a certain level of maturity and jumping a hurdle in terms of the adoption simulation on a broader base. 
Saket Kalia: And just for my follow-up for Maria. Well, can you just parse out that -- it’s roughly a $40 million reduction to 2015 revenue guide for the year. I definitely see that FX is really the vast majority of that. But is that large contract, you know having any sort of impact beyond maybe the first quarter? 
Maria Shields: No, and so -- and that's why if you look at the headline, the word solely was inserted in there. So that the only significant modification we’ve made from when we guided back at November is roughly 3% to 4% related to currency for the full year. However at the same time, you know we hadn’t guided on Q1. This deal has been in the works. And we’ve been working with this particular customer similar to we work with Cummins on a deal that makes sense for them, their usage pattern, trying to proliferate more technology across this organization.  And as a result the treatment under GAAP for this deal is going to be spread. So for 2014 or for 2015, it will be spread over the full year as opposed to in the past when we booked a deal with this particular customer that tended to be a couple of million dollars of paid-up revenue won’t be there. But we’ll take the long-term gain for you know what people might perceive as short-term pain. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Koenig of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead. 
Steve Koenig: I wanted to ask a bit about what you are doing with your direct channel and maybe partners as well. And then I’ve got one follow-up. Is the Q4 large -- 
James Cashman: No, I thought that was a question, please continue. 
Steve Koenig: Okay, let me just elaborate a little bit more. So two parts here, one is, is the Q4 large deal performance, is that normal seasonality [indiscernible] variability? Or is that attributable in part to some of the initiatives you put in place to drive adoption at large accounts? And can that lead to better, large deal performance perhaps going forward as well? And the second part of that question is maybe if you all could elaborate a little bit on Maria’s comments about the channel initiatives that have been put in place should help provide acceleration as the year progresses? What exactly do you mean by that? 
James Cashman: Okay, the first thing there -- it really wasn’t that there were new initiatives. But the increased bandwidth in our sales allowed us to address those more completely. And in general, if you look at that, I think a couple of things we talked about was, as opposed to having if you will more of a geography-based or a geography-skewed sales force, it's now pretty much partitioned between there is that element. But there's also a major account focus by the number of reps and that increased quite a lot because there’s more of a consolidated aspect and a focus requirement that's required to drive that forward.  To answer your question, there’s more than just -- I mean there’s typically seasonality patterns in these. However the number that I talked about is greater in terms of the number of customers of those large orders. And secondarily as I mentioned, the average value of those orders was a 14%, actually probably even a little bit above 14% increase in average order size. So I mean it’s not just the -- like clockwork here is the season that comes in and goes forward. Now with regard to, I guess the final thing was with regard to we’ve already talked quite a bit about the direct sales force expansion.  But I will say that if you recall, we also mentioned in a previous call about the things that we’re doing because the channel is still a very strong part of that. And we’ve actually put constructs in place to do that. In fact there is even some things we’re working on in terms of collaboration with them, where we can jointly do things under an ANSYS aegis. But it’s really primarily focused at driving the channel business. So those are, I mean the bottom line is those are both you know obviously going to be key parts of our go-forward strategy. And we want to make sure that our historical channel you know was actually in the same boat going in the same direction we were. 
Steve Koenig: Okay and if I could squeeze in one follow-up if you don't mind. I am curious to know what you are seeing with SpaceClaim. How is it meeting your specific goals for the unit? And how is it advancing your overall goals and you know and over what timeframe? 
James Cashman: Well I’ve to actually say, you know we talked in the last of couple of calls where the results were a little bit depressed. Initially, you know sometimes that happens when there’s that changing of you know changing of the guard. But I’ll say that once we got through that, once we were able to go through a broader base sales training, and introduction of what this technology means as well as customers realizing, this just wasn't kind of like a cute little third-party addition into our suite but it was a key part of what we’ve going forward, it became something.  And quite frankly the interest levels and the pipeline is actually pretty strong right now. So you know, we look towards getting back on the [glide] path or the take-off trajectory that we had envisioned for this you know, albeit maybe a few months lower. But the reception has been really strong, so I think we are headed in a really good direction on this. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our next question is from Ross MacMillan of RBC. Please go ahead. 
Ross MacMillan: Jim, can you comment how far you have progressed with TBL agreements. Is it still a very small number of customers? And secondly for Maria, what are the implications we should think about in the model as you do more of these TBL agreements? And then I actually had one follow-up. Thanks. 
James Cashman: Well first of all, it's a small number of actually enacted ones. It's an increasing number of people who are interested in engaging along those standpoints, so definitely the trend. The one thing before I turn it over to Maria, the one thing that I said is we know that this is a definite trend. How quickly or how completely it enters the equation is still a question. It will be significant, but is it like a 100% or 30%? Either of those numbers will be very significant. We don't really know that, but there’s no doubt that the trend and all the winds are blowing in that particular direction which means of course we have had to try to make different assumptions on modeling that.  But if you recall from the very -- I mean for years we’ve been saying hey, we’ve been talking about a strong lease base, a strong license base. And basically saying that you know we really don’t care. What we’re trying to do are providing multiple opportunities and just not create acquisition, you know purchasing hurdles to adopting the technology. And so we continue to do that, but the receptivity and the interest seems to be shifting towards more of that.  And as this technology gets a little bit more pervasive, however it gets manifested in things like the cloud and large-scale networks long-term, that all could, that all could shift and affect it too. But it definitely is a trend line, but you said you wanted to turn in part of that question to Maria, so I’ll give her a swing. 
Maria Shields: Okay. So Ross just a couple of comments to add on to Jim’s point. What you’ll basically see is probably over time an uptick in the percentage of recurring revenue. And obviously in whatever quarters that we booked those deals, you will see an uptick in deferred revenue and backlog. So just like I commented relative to the Q1 outlook, there’s the potential for perhaps some slight decreases in short-term revenue growth. But these are really, really good for building our long-term relationships and our long-term growth.  And the other thing I will say is as Jim pointed out, this is kind of I would say an evolution for some of our traditional larger customers. We obviously, the TBL have been part of the Apache model since that business started and since we acquired it. But there are still some parts of the world that larger deals, perpetual is the model they preferred in places like China and India and Korea. So what we want to do is remain as we always have been flexible to the needs of our customers to enable them, to acquire the software under whatever model makes sense for them. We are not going to force them into time-based licenses if perpetual is the model they prefer. 
Ross MacMillan: Maybe just one quick follow-up. So we pay attention to bookings, both current and total bookings. And there was a deceleration in Q4 relative to I think the trend we’ve been seeing over the past three quarters, was there anything -- 
James Cashman: Keep in mind, Ross. The one thing is and you keep in mind, you know there’s a lot of different factors here. Yeah, there is currency, but you look at long-term, you know multi-year kind of issues coming in. So they are definitely currency, there’s issues between and maybe I don't know if we want to get into this, but the build versus unbuild. But you know one of the main things is that, if you’ve got you know we’ve talked in the past about, if you’ve got a multi-year deal maybe a four-year deal.  And it showed as a $40 million last year, the fact that it didn't renew this year may show one set of calculations as being down. But it is not at all indicative of a decreased book of business. I mean it basically is -- it basically is really strong stuff. It's just that when you do these multi-year things, those cycles are going to go in and out. So actually with this trend going on, we look at a number of things and trying to look at an annualized value of those going forward. And you know obviously taking out some of the currency and making sure that, I mean there’s also things when you do bookings.  You know some might be for periods out in the future as opposed to the current period. And trying to line up all that, it's a very complex you know kind of equation. But you know, you could really get caught off guard if you just try to assume that it’s an apples-to-apples comparison. With that I mean and maybe Maria, if you’ve got a concept on [indiscernible]? 
Maria Shields: Yeah, just you know Ross, the one thing as Jim pointed out, we would really encourage people to focus on full-year results as opposed to any given quarter. Because as these deals become larger, the quarters can become skewed. The reality is if you take a look at, at least how we calculate bookings growth and factor in the impact of FX for the full year on deferred revenue from 2014, we’ve got you know roughly 11% bookings growth. So that's what we’re really focused on is that double-digit bookings growth that we at least for 2015 envision will translate at the high end into double-digit non-GAAP revenue growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Schappel of Benchmark. Please go ahead. 
Mark Schappel: Jim, I was wondering if you could just provide us, just a quick update or a brief update on your Asian operation. So you made several changes in the region [indiscernible], so I was just wondering if you could just give us a brief update? 
James Cashman: Well, yeah well remember when I was talking about the comparative growth, I think it was 12% North America, 9% Europe and 15% for Asia Pacific. And I think that's, you know that's not the only aspect of that. But we talked about things both at the country level at our major markets as well as the transition of the overall leadership in addition to propagating some of the best practices that we had in other parts of the world going forward. And I think as you go forward, you look at all that going forward.  And I think the other thing that's very significant is a part of that also are changes that we did. And we talked about them being leadership, structural and operational changes in Japan. And if you look at that going forward and that even involves the way that we worked with our partners. And when you look at that continuing on, you know we talked about in past years we’ve been a little bit disappointed with our number two market which was Japan. And you know they were in solid double digits.  The rest of Asia was growing, you know in the mid to upper teens kind of level. So it’s a pretty consistent you know kind of basis going forward. And when I talked about some of the investments we made in 2014 that we felt positioned us well, this is not the only one. But it is one significant one that, you know that we’re on record talking about throughout last year.  And so our prospects for that are very good. I mean again there is always going to be local economic and macro and currency, but that's part of everyday life. And no matter what it’s at, I mean you know we feel like the team we’ve got there is markedly more solid than we were say this time 12 months ago. 
Operator: And our next question is a follow-up from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Just a couple of odds and ends. First in the quarter, you had an unusually large increase, an amount of services revenue although it’s still a fairly small percentage of total. Could you talk about those results in terms of they are being concentrated perhaps. It’s a relatively small number of large engagements or what are your longer-term expectations for these services businesses? 
James Cashman: The bottom line is we said for you, we actually again when we were talking about the investments in the last couple of calls, the services aspect was one that we specifically spoke on. And we were bringing in people that were familiar and capable of driving service as a business. And that's the key role of a couple of these major people. And also services play a major role in the enterprise deals and in general, what we view as services is not what traditionally has been service in our industry.  But they are things that are made more along implementation and adoption services going, you know going forward. So it's clearly one of those things that we’re going to continue to build going forward and it's not like it's one or two major big engagement. It's really a more of a broad-based one and it actually covers all of our geography. And it's one that will be a slow gradual buildup, but it's an important part going forward. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: And just a couple of last things then. As I am sure you know, nearly all of your peers in technical software are speaking about the opportunity in systems engineering. Yet the definitions of systems engineering across the vendors seem to differ. So could you talk about how you envision systems engineering versus your competitors or more specifically what you think they might be missing relative to your definition of that capability.  And lastly at a recent simulation industry conference a couple of months back, there were some discussion about the potential for what we would call preconfigured validated IT, you know similar to the trend that we’ve seen in EDA. For example companies like Synopsys and Cadence have built some pretty big business in IT. And I am wondering if there is an opportunity for you in that sort of offering? And whether or not that might somehow tie into your new implementation of EKM that you will be bringing out in a couple of months? 
James Cashman: Wow I am trying to figure out, there is a lot there. Okay, so first of all we’ve been talking about systems for a long time. I mean in the form of simulation, you know we were the ones that were kicking it off. And to us, it was always around the building, basically being able to build a complete virtual prototype. I mean not -- and this can be -- it can be the traditional zero and one-dimensional kind of approximations. But we see moving that toward three-dimensional with the help of high-performance computing.  We see that, and basically if you look at almost all successful product launches of new innovative products, it was because the system succeeded. And thereby you have to be able to balance a lot of different component interactions. So it's the ability to conceptualize in the virtual world a complete system and then actually when you’ve got something that works then it allows you to even use that to help describe what the requirements for the components are, so you can go through the traditional refinement of that.  But it's multi-dimensional, it's multi-scale, it’s multiphysics and it's really you know if you will creating that complete 3-D virtual prototype in the computer. Now what we define there, it really pushes the bounds of technology. But technology supporting us will allow us to go forward and enable those things. But that's again one of the reasons why we push multiphysics early and why we built a platform for all of these things to work together. And the last part which I -- we may need to dig into a little bit more, but that's one reason why engineering knowledge management in terms of being able to link together the multitude of all these simulations.  But also the complex configurations that might compose a system, link those into optimization runs that might say I also want to look at multiple variations and permutations of that. But that's basically in a nutshell where it all heads. 
Operator: And thank you, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Cashman for any closing remarks. 
James Cashman: Wow, I don't know what else I can say after closing. But I guess I’ll just start by thanking everybody for participating in the call and for the questions and for your continuing support or following of answers. So you know basically we are proud of what we achieved in 2014. But, and I would like to thank the entire ANSYS team for basically the fulfillment and the commitment of those results to date. But it's really only a starting point. This is a step on a long journey and a fun journey. So, but basically we believe that we’re very well positioned to continue to drive the growth in the coming year probably for two very significant reasons.  First, we’ve the increased visibility from some of those larger multi-year enterprise opportunities that are starting to build that we talked about. Secondly, as we also talked about, you know we’ve been very successful in the more aggressive approach to sales hiring that we referenced on the last call. So if you look at that, I mean those are the two specifics. But we’ve those ongoing generalities, we’ve an unparalleled product offering. We had extraordinary longevity with our customers.  We’ve an extremely high recurring revenue base and an opportunity to augment our growth through new product features and exciting technologies from some of the acquisitions. So we’ve talked about all that, so we are growing our direct sales force. We’ve a renewed focus on our indirect channel and we are committed to driving operating cash flow and continuing to generate significant shareholder returns. So basically we actually, we will talk to you on the next call. But we also look forward to seeing all of you at our upcoming Investor Day on June 2nd.  It’s going to be outside of Detroit and it's going to be held in conjunction with the Automotive Simulation World Congress. So that might be a unique opportunity for you to learn more about some of the exciting growth prospects that are available to us as well as to see you know some of the technology in action. So we hope to see you there. But thank you very much and we’ll talk to you again no later than a quarter from now. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded and we thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-05 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Strategy Committee Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Research Division Matthew L. Williams - Evercore ISI, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS's Third Quarter 2014 Conference Call. With us today are Mr. Jim Cashman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer. At this time, I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Jim Cashman for some opening remarks. Sir?
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, thanks, Mike. Good morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining us to discuss our 2014 third quarter financial results. So before we get started, I'll introduce Maria Shields, our CFO, for our Safe Harbor statement and some housekeeping details. Maria?
Maria T. Shields: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Let me just start by saying that our earnings release and the related prepared remarks document have been posted on the home page of our Investor Relations website this morning. It contains all the key financial information and supporting data relative to Q3 and the year-to-date 2014 business results as well as our current Q4 fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2015 outlook. I'd also like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC. All of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact; our business in the future. These statements are based upon the view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K. So Jim, I'll turn it back over to you.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Thanks, Maria. Let's see. Before we open up the call for Q&A, I'd like to provide some commentary about our Q3 results and our updated outlook for the balance of this year and our preliminary outlook for 2015. So continuing the trends from the first 2 quarters of the year, ANSYS achieved strong results in Q3 as solid revenue growth in North America, the U.K. and Asia-Pacific outweighed some weakness in Germany. We reported consolidated non-GAAP revenue of $235.5 million. This is at the midpoint of our guidance range when factoring in the significant strengthening of the dollar in the last month of the quarter. This represents also a 10% in both reported and constant currency as compared with the prior year period. Our double-digit revenue growth was driven by really widespread growth across our major product lines as well as across many different industry sectors, notably electronics, semiconductor, aerospace, defense, automotive and energy. Importantly, our recurring revenue base continued to be very strong at over 70% of total revenue for the quarter and the year-to-date. We had 22 customers with orders over $1 million, including 1 customer with orders over $10 million for the quarter. This compares actually to 15 of over $1 million in the prior year period. Also significant are 2 facts relative to this population of customers and the transactions. I'd like to briefly cover those. First is that the average deal size among transactions over $1 million increased more than 50% over the comparable deals in the same period of last year. And secondly, 6 of these customer deals were comprised of time-based licenses. Now these are becoming larger in size and are more multiphysics-based. For revenue recognition purposes, they're spread ratably. So while they may not have the same impact as a perpetual deal in the current or near-term or even in the current year, depending upon when they're recorded, they will impact bookings, deferred revenue and backlog growth. Most importantly, though, they enable our customers to choose the licensing model that fits the needs and constraints of their own business models. So in summary, for the quarter, the top line growth and especially the bookings growth was substantial and solid. Okay. Non-GAAP operating margins for the quarter were 50%, above our expected range, but this was a combination of the solid revenue growth and the continued cost discipline that drove strong results. Non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.89, a 7% improvement over the $0.83 recorded in the prior year period, which included $0.05 of incremental tax benefits at that time. The results for Q3 were above the high end of our guidance range. Operating cash flow for the third quarter was approximately $82 million. Continuing our commitment to driving stockholder returns, we repurchased over 460,000 shares during the quarter and 1.4 -- over 1.4 million shares year-to-date. Now historically, the board has authorized 3 million shares in each of our repurchase programs, and each time we were about halfway through the authorization, they improved -- they approved actually and increase back to the 3 million level. This week, in recognition of the company's strong liquidity, excellent growth pipeline and confidence in the future, the board increased the share repurchase authorization to 5 million shares, and we intend to be more aggressive in our repurchase activity over the next 2 quarters. Okay. Now let's spend a moment on our revised outlook for the balance of this year and our preliminary look at 2015. Now while Q3 was strong and earnings significantly outperformed our expectation, there were a number of smaller factors which, when taken collectively, have slightly dampened our near-term outlook. As I mentioned a few moments ago, we're seeing some weaker growth in Germany and parts of Europe. And in China, like many multinationals, we have exposure to state-owned enterprises, and we've experienced prolonged sales cycles there as of late. I might note also that we're also in the process of enhancing some long-standing channel relationships in China in an effort to accelerate the sales growth through the channel, in addition. Our updated look at foreign exchange and the recent significant strengthening of the dollar adversely affected both the Q4 and 2015. Also, we anticipate some near-term costs related to consolidating redundant offices, the move to our new headquarters as well as continued integration and organizational evolution efforts. So generally speaking, these are the near-term factors which will have an impact on Q4 and into next year. When taken in the context of all the significant opportunities we see next year and beyond, we remain of the view that double-digit top and bottom line growth can be achieved, and let me give you a few examples of why we remain confident. First, our growth and weighted pipelines have increased by statistically significant amounts, and our recurring revenues, as you can see, are also increasing. What we are seeing is a continuation of trends that we mentioned over the last few calls, and they both relate to shifts in buying preferences that bode well for the long term. First, the lease business progressed at a faster rate than the paid-up business. We mentioned this as a new data point on the last couple of calls, but we were holding back on calling it a trend at that point. Secondly, as I mentioned earlier, we're seeing early signs of a shift in buying preferences in increasing numbers of established customers, customers who are historically oriented toward perpetual licenses. And they're starting to shift engagement discussions toward multiyear, time-based licenses, particularly as they start to expand their base of multiphysics usage. We've already seen this manifested in the accelerated growth of our bookings, which grew in excess of 20% for the quarter and even mid-teens after removing the effective Apache deals, which tend to be longer-term and more varied in their timing. So if these larger multiyear deals continue to become more prevalent, the long-term endpoint prospects are the same, but in the near term, there'll be a steadier, more modest ramp-up. Also, bookings could be a little lumpier in a scenario that includes 7- and 8-figure multiyear orders versus the ones that renew on a steady annual basis, but the revenue ramp should be smoother over that long-term period. Now these trends combine with some significant themes of previous calls to accentuate the impetus for enhanced investment patterns, many of which are already under way. First and foremost, we are accelerating our investment to improve sales execution, capacity and growth. Last year at this time, we made significant changes to our leadership team for overall Asia-Pacific. We spoke about that on those calls, including leadership and structure in Japan, India, Taiwan and, most recently, China, and we're now seeing the payoff of that investment in the double-digit revenue growth for the first 9 months for both GIA, Asia-Pacific overall and Japan, our second-largest market in the world. We continued that trend at the global level, most notably with a new head of worldwide sales and service who has strong enterprise and channel experience. In addition, we've augmented the team with 2 additional hires. The first is a global channel leader to focus on some of the channel opportunities that we have discussed, including earlier on this call. We'd also mentioned that services will be an increasing part of our business to help customers expedite the adoption of our simulation tools, and to that end, we've recently hired an experienced global services leader. And also, finally, if you check our website, you'll note that we're hiring a record number of positions to expand our sales footprint as we head into 2015. And actually, just last week, we added a CIO, which is a new position for us. This is in response to not only our own internal requirements, but also to help us guide through the increasingly complex opportunity that's provided by those enterprise sales, as well as the SMB and cloud customer evolutions. So our Q4 2014 and preliminary 2015 guidance is detailed in both the prepared remarks and earnings release documents. We're currently expecting Q4 non-GAAP revenue in the range of $245 million to $253 million and Q4 non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.78 to $0.82. This translates to 2014 full year revenue of $931 million to $939 million and EPS of $3.29 to $3.33. The fourth quarter revenue and earnings per share guidance is lower than what was implied when we last provided guidance in August. The reduction in revenue is primarily the result of increased softening in Europe and weakness in sales from our independent channel partner in China, but the largest factor was the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, which really, that accounts for about half of the overall revenue guidance adjustment. The change in revenue was the primary driver also behind our adjustment to the earnings per share guidance. However, I want to note that our Q4 guidance also includes onetime charges of $0.02 to $0.04 that's related to headcount reduction costs, including those related to acquisition integration and office location reduction, and moving and duplicate rent costs related to our new headquarter's facility. We're still in the process of finalizing details around our 2015 operating plan, but our preliminary outlook for 2015 is for non-GAAP revenue in the range of $984 million to $1,014,000,000, with non-GAAP EPS in the range of $3.53 to $3.64. This early outlook factors in some shifts in the preference for the time-based licenses that we've discussed on this call, the recent significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar, the continuation -- we're assuming of a similar economic and geopolitical climate -- and the more aggressive share repurchase activity that I mentioned earlier. So as we close out 2014 and enter into 2015, we're excited about our ability to reinvest in our business, return capital to shareholders and explore the opportunities to accelerate growth with acquisitions. So with that, I'll now open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Anil Doradla of William Blair.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: A couple of questions, Jim. You talked about reverting to double-digit growth on the top line and bottom line, whereas if we look at the preliminary guidance for next year, it's more in the single digits. So can you help us understand -- how do we reconcile your comments about double digits versus some of your preliminary guidance?
James E. Cashman: The main thing is -- again, we talked about the currency turbulence, and actually, our guidance does factor a range of high single digits to double digits. So 7% to 11% in constant currency. It's just that these currency headwinds -- I mean, the movement in, like, for instance, the yen alone in the last few days was very significant. As we've seen, those kinds of things can shift. But it still maintains the trajectory that we're talking about, and that's even factoring in the fact of -- the impact of these -- I mean, we love the fact of the recurring revenue and the buildup and the interest by customers into time-based licenses. But the fact that those are building up, they will tend to build up in current periods visibly a little bit slower just because of what's recognized from a GAAP standpoint. So I think it's pretty consistent, but like I mentioned, currency is probably one of the major stories for us right now.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: You talked about softness in Germany, and you talked about some channel partner weakness, too. Could you just elaborate a little bit on that? And how long do you think this is going to persist?
James E. Cashman: Well, I think the bottom line is we've -- I mean, first of all, we've already started to take steps to go under that. There has been -- the general economic outlook in Europe has softened a little bit over the longer term, and Germany was -- had felt a little bit more of that going on. Now also, we've got very strong, long-standing channel partners in Germany. I mentioned some of the other channel partners throughout the world, and part of what we're -- if there's a major theme, a lot of those tended to still be in a legacy mode of selling individual physics. And what we've been trying to do is that one of the real strengths of our product has been manifested. It shows up in those -- the large mega orders that we talked about. It shows up in the disproportionate growth of those more established customers. And as a result of that, we've been trying to bring the channel up to the point where they can also avail themselves of the ability to really sell the whole portfolio as opposed to a fragmented story. So what that gets into is the normal ramp-up for the technical and business certification as well as, it's coaching them through the process. And that's one reason why when I mentioned the fact of actually having someone to focus not just on sales production but on the development of the channel we instituted. And actually, this was an internal promotion of a person who's been very effective in dealing with channel, and we've actually had them focus on mechanisms to both instruct, to guide and to help drive the channel. So those things are already underway, but they will be a steady building process, and that has been built into -- also built into our guidance with the more conservative view, obviously driving the lower end and accelerated views moving to the higher end.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great. And if you don't mind me squeezing in one final one. HPC has been a great business for you guys. Low double-digit as a percentage of revenues, I think. Can you share some color around HPC? How was the growth during the quarter-end? What are your projections, say, if for 2015?
James E. Cashman: It still continues to grow. Now there's going to be a couple of things. That first of all, some of the growth initially was heads-up demand, and that demand continues to grow, however. But the second part of it is we're actually getting into that situation where extreme volumes will start to play into it. So for instance, the scalability, of course, when customers are now talking about 50,000 when they wouldn't have even considered 10,000 before, there will be a thing where the per-unit costs actually will start to taper at those larger installations, but the overall volume will grow up. However, HPC is just getting to -- it's just continuing to be a major driver of the business. And while we don't see that -- we don't see those mega amounts growing, it is a significant part and it will continue to be a good growth element for us going forward. That's always been the case. I mean, we want to continue, of course, to drive those other axis of the new user and, as I mentioned, some of the pops that we're starting to see in the early stages in the multiphysics adoption, which also links back to why we're trying to get the channel more fully engaged in that opportunity.
Operator: Next, we have Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, I'd like to follow up on your comments regarding the shift to TBLs. Are you seeing that in any particular geos or verticals or both thus far? And with respect to how you think that will evolve in 2015 and beyond, what is your expectation for the mix of TBL versus perpetual -- versus what it's been? And I would think there would also have to be a strong corollary effect on your maintenance revenues, not just up-front licenses. By our calculation, the R squared of your maintenance and perpetual is very high, which is not terribly surprising. Then a follow-up.
James E. Cashman: Yes. Well, okay -- I'll try to parse the question down. The first part is related to the geos, and I think more than related to geos, I think it is more correctly attributed to developed large companies, most of whom we can't mention by name, but you'd certainly recognize the name, and as such, you would see them -- in Asia-Pacific, you'd see them more likely in Japan. You can guess where you might see them in Europe, and a lot of them are actually traditional North American customers. And the reason why I pointed that out is these are people that traditionally for years has just done the traditional, perpetual paid-up model, and the fact that they're looking at this as a way of broadening the reach of the software, it's one that we started to see, but it's just very significant that whenever you see a modulation of those buying patterns. Like I say, long-term, it's really good for us, but it has some of the short-term effects. The second part of the question, I think, was related to the impact of the maintenance business. I'm not sure -- I could actually attack that from a couple of different directions, but could you -- I mean, are you -- could you give me a little more color on what you're asking on that, Jay?
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Well, sure. Again, the question was, what do you think the ultimate mix between TBLs and perpetuals might be? And as part of your 2015 guidance to the extent that there is a shift, have you factored in that there would be a corollary weakening of your maintenance revenues to the extent that the perpetuals also slacken?
James E. Cashman: Well, yes, of course. I mean, if that ramps up -- but again, we count the -- the maintenance combined with the lease is the major part of our recurring revenue, and therefore, we are-- we still see that overall strengthening. I think you've seen already the impact of increasing numbers of TBLs, of time-based licenses, even in the early phases and what's that done to our recurring revenues. Now with regard to the ultimate mix, I'd be really concerned about having something with such an early low denominator. It's very early in the process of this, and the fact is we're seeing those lead customers come in, but as we've also seen, those lead customers that were doing the accelerated adoption, they sometimes are 3, 4, 5 years ahead of the masses, and therefore, you can have a real heavy skewing. And as I mentioned, that's part of what we're trying to factor in as we continue our operating -- I mentioned that we're in the mid-phases of our 2015 operating plan, and that's really part of the things that we're trying to calibrate on, while not driving the business toward any particular expectation in a 12-month period, but just being cognizant of what the trend is going to be over the next few years.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. With respect to the sales capacity, we took your advice and did a spot check of your website, and today, you're showing about 80 openings in sales-related positions. As recently as last week, it was about 65 or so, and that's up from just a couple of dozen in late '13, early '14. What are your assumptions about how quickly you'll be able to fill those open positions and ramp up their sales contribution?
James E. Cashman: Well, first of all, that's the #1 priority, and then actually, that's underway. Some of which are on the website. Some of which are being done through other means and all of which have been underway for actually several weeks in terms of going on. The -- let's just say the -- we're in that stage now where we've got a very strong -- at least, the last report I got was we've got a very strong pipeline of candidates. Now what the close rate is on that and the close percentage and things like that, a little bit early for us to say. But the bottom line is we are aiming toward -- the stuff we're doing now isn't going to really onboard and show something in Q4, but what we want to do is we want to be able to come out of the gates strongly in the early part of -- in 2015. And so really, what we want also be able to do then is get that mass of people ready for the normal sales force launch event that we have. That's a training and a driving event, and that's really what the motion is aimed towards right now because we have seen that some of the -- just from the number of a requests, the number of leads, the growing of the pipeline, we don't want to get caught with a capacity problem.
Operator: Next, we have Steve Ashley of Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I would actually like to ask about ANSYS 16, which I know has been teed up here and you've put a lot of work into that, and that -- really, you talked even in the press release about the focus on ease of use. And I was just wondering if we could get a little color around what kind of ease of use we might see, improvements within the product? And what are the new user groups you might be trying to reach out to with that product?
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, the bottom line is the -- think of it -- well, okay, I got to break 16 into 2 major constituency groups, and they're both important, but they're not different. They're really extensions of the same thing. So first of all, one thing you always expect from ANSYS is the continuation of market-leading capabilities for broad-based physics, full stop. I mean, it's been that way for 40 years, and it's our intent to keep that going another 40 years. So I could run out the clock going through hundreds of features there, but just take that on word right now, and we can go through website kind of stuff. The second part, though, and the part that I think is particularly exciting, is the -- first of all, we talked about 3 phases of Workbench evolution. The first one is this concept of multiphysics. The second part was the concept of data integration that linked things together. That was the Workbench platform. Now the third layer is actually -- we talked about, it would be the evolution of the user experience, and we'll actually be showing a first preview of that for some of the baseline capabilities. So the bottom line is if somebody has invested in our physics, they can rely on those physics for a long time to come, but there will be alternate ways for them get to access to it. Some that will appeal to a broader range of users. Some of it's in the user experience. Some of it is in the customization, the kind of capabilities that now our customization toolkit has gone through a series of maturation, and there are customers that are doing some pretty exciting things. One that we'll be talking about soon in terms of patient-specific modeling for eye surgeons, where they can actually look at the impact of various approaches and actually get that viewpoint or get the results in advance. And then the third part is that ability to -- just general journaling and scripting kind of capabilities that will actually support the overall things that we talked about in terms of helping it fit into the engineering processes of our customers, which also, by the way, links into why we're upping the gain in terms of the services, in terms of our service organization and service leadership. So really, the first part is capabilities, the ongoing endless stream of features that you always expect from an ANSYS release. But this next one is the first unveiling of a new user interface, user experience that allows a much broader range of things. And it's one of the things that you almost have to really kind of see to fully comprehend, but it's something that will -- it covers a baseline of some of our capabilities, so people get started now, and over the next few releases, we'll actually be expanding that access to our full range of capabilities.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just lastly, I'd like to just touch back on the larger deals and just find out if you think that the go-to-market and the sales execution was just a part of driving that increased number of large deals just effectiveness and combining products and upsizing deals.
James E. Cashman: Well, that's definitely part of it, and like any perrito [ph], our top 20% tend to kick in sooner. That's part of it, but frankly, the strength and capabilities of the software driven by, if you will, years of customers' internal validation, basically, I would say prove to them that they'd like to continue to put that at a broader basis because their products are getting more complicated and complex. There's bigger regulatory concerns that they have to go through, and their job just isn't getting any easier. So we find kind of like that accelerating lower ramp of our S curve is that the people who have been using it now through a few good product cycles have started to work it through their organizations. We see that ramp-up, and so I think that is also -- it's a combination of the effectiveness of the sales engagement team, but underlying it all is the strength of the product that actually can solve the problems. And as we've said over the last few calls, the big thing for us why we pushed for services, why we're expanding the sales capacity, is helping bridge between the customer's current implementation to where, if you would say, their need is. That takes some pathfinding and some assistance that we're trying to help them do to -- as the number one means of driving the growth.
Operator: Next, we have Ross MacMillan of RBC Capital Markets.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Jim, can you just help me understand the difference between a time-based license and a lease, if there is a difference?
James E. Cashman: No, they're essentially the same. If there's one kind of thing that we -- in the informal lexicon is that time-based licenses actually are tending to have a patina of multiyear and extended kind of commitment thing, and it shifts. Sometimes historically, why a person might have bought leases is kind of a little bit different than why people -- why existing perpetual customers are now considering time-based licenses. And some of it gets down to the flexibility of the implementation, flexibility of utilization to match the product design cycles and what they might need at any particular time so that they can continue to refactor within an envelope, and sometimes it just gets down to the economics and the purchase dynamics that exist within a customer. And the one thing we've said, I mean, for as long as I can remember, at least 15 years, is we never tried to drive any one eventuality on that, whether it was lease, whether it was pay-for-use and our Software-as-a-Service and cloud stuff, or whether it was a perpetual license. We just really wanted to provide multiple avenues for them to get access to the technology and then let them pick the right way. But like I said, right now, and I don't know how much of this is being driven by economy, I don't know how much is being driven by cloud mentality, there could be a number of things. But the fact is the customers are in fact at least beginning to show those signs of changing and that's what factoring in. Like I say, long-term, it's great, but we have to be able to selectively engage with a broad range of customers during whatever transition period might exist.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And just related to that, a question maybe for Maria. We're seeing seen this divergence between your short-term deferred growth and your short-term backlog growth. In other words, your short-term bookings are growing much faster than your short-term billings. Is that related to this in any way? Or is that just an anomaly for this particular quarter?
Maria T. Shields: I think that's just an anomaly. I wouldn't see that as a trend right now, Ross.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And can I just squeeze in one last one, just on the repurchase. So you're going to be spending, call it, $100 million run rate for the next couple of quarters, which is a little bit above, I think, your annualized free cash flow rate. I guess, the question is on the sustainability of that level of buyback relative to free cash flow. Put another way, when we think about your cash balance, approximately getting up towards $1 billion, are there still M&A opportunities that would lead you to...
James E. Cashman: Oh, yes, let's...
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Want to grow your cash balance effectively?
James E. Cashman: Absolutely. First of all, acquisitions continue to be #1, okay? Just flat out. The bottom line is, though, if you take that $100 million per quarter, that's not too much off the steady state, but keep in mind, we've got excess capacity, excess liquidity that's been built up now. And as we looked at the trajectory of some of the things that we're looking at, combined with the availability of debt in the traditional markets, we don't see anything that would really constrain, nor would we constrain the strategic aspects of us being able to do those acquisitions. So with this, this is really just taking advantage of an opportunity, and again, I said the factor is going on when you look at the confidence we have in the future, when you look at the excess liquidity that we think we have right now over the needs for near-term acquisitions and running the business, and it's also -- we think it's an attractive way to return capital to our stockholders. I mean, you combine all that together, and it's a very logical thing and something that we think bodes well for the long term of the company and the stockholders.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's great. Is there a target, though, you have in terms of a cash balance or a rate of -- or a percentage of free cash flow that you think is a good framework for us to think about in terms of the share repurchase program?
Maria T. Shields: No, I think right now, Ross, we mentioned in the documents, we're going to target over the next 2 quarters to invest about $200 million in that program. But at the same time, we will do what we've been doing for the past decade plus, and there are certainly opportunities for M&A that we will continue to pursue that continue to add to the physics and to distinguish our portfolio from others in this space.
James E. Cashman: Yes, I think the key thing to keep in mind is that all of these things are temporal. We have some -- right now, what we're doing we think is a really good thing, also combined in lockstep with the acquisition path that we see going forward. I can't necessarily speak to what the acquisition target list might look like 1.5 years from now. So I'm not talking about a here's a steady-state lock turn, because if we get to a point and say, hey, here's an opportunity, and we're going to use the capital for that, that's what we'll do. But when we do that, we'll also have our mind towards having the kind of success for everybody that I think we've demonstrated in previous acquisitions. So this one is very much metered over the next few quarters and not really a -- something we carry on 5 years into the future on an autopilot kind of basis.
Operator: Next, we have Steve Koenig of Wedbush Securities.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I'll try to keep within the 2-question limit by asking you 2 very multi-part questions, if that's okay?
James E. Cashman: No, one brief follow-up. No, go ahead. Go ahead.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. Well, let me do the first one. So the jump in open positions on your website was -- it looks like it really was 1 to 2 weeks ago. Was that in response to the strong Q3 bookings? And then more generally, can you comment on your headcount plans and your thoughts about deferred revenue growth for next year?
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, first of all, the thing is -- obviously, we have many ways of going after -- I mean, we've got a pretty strong -- I hate to call it a Rolodex, but I just did. We've got a pretty good group of sales candidates because recruitment is kind of like an ongoing process for us. It's not just an event that's driven by certain things. So -- and then we also bring the website in as a way of -- as another means in there, but yes, that has been underway. I wouldn't say it was directly as a result of the bookings. I think it was more a result of the opportunity, and then remember, I mentioned pipeline and the growth. And what we've already seen from our -- we talked about the Asia-Pacific. So that combined with the new leadership in Asia, in -- globally and everything else, it was that thing that allowed us to cast towards something and drive. It dovetails with the enterprise success that we see. So when you look at the pipeline, things like that, you get down to a situation where if we didn't accelerate this, we find ourselves caught in what I call a bandwidth issue in terms of how well you can process these kind of things. So it was a combination of many factors. I would say more that the bookings growth is a supporting data point that backs up all the other qualitative things that I said.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then second other, the one piece -- go ahead, Jim, sorry.
James E. Cashman: No, there was a second part of your question, and I think I kind of garbled it, so I wanted to let you get to that.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. Yes. So question 1b, deferred -- thoughts on deferred revenue growth for next year and the headcount plans more generally?
James E. Cashman: Yes, well, that's one where, Steve. I mean, we could give some pretty loose guidelines, but this is -- we're still in the baking process for the 2015 plan and bringing in some of these new leaders and capturing their input into it. So it's probably a little bit premature for us to do that, but we'll be talking about that in future sessions.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, great, great. Now for question 2, and then I'll finish up. So obviously, there's a lot of positive things going on in the business with the strong bookings, the plans to reinvest along with bigger share repurchases, yet the stock's still -- it's down a little bit today, which kind of surprised me. So I think the only fundamental issue here appears to be the European results and the commentary about Europe. So given that the European PMIs actually are remaining pretty steady, I'd love to get your thoughts on the weakness. Are you seeing any signs of improvement in October? Could we see a return to the mean? The mean being maybe just sluggish growth, but we're not falling off the cliff. Are you making any tweaks to execution? And is your guidance thoroughly derisked and maybe possibly overly derisked if we see some improvement there?
James E. Cashman: When you say thoroughly or adequately derisked, I mean, it is derisked. When you put a qualitative term on there, not exactly sure now -- Europe, we have -- like I said, Germany is a very strong market for us typically, and that [indiscernible]. Now we've got some other areas of Europe that have performed pretty well, but in general, the -- but they tended to be in some of the smaller markets. So we're trying to really assess that and not overdrive the equation. Again, long-term, you can't -- I mean, the strong industrials are all -- industrial nations are always going to be a good long-term market for us, but there are little bumps that happen along the way there that continue on, and those are things that we're going to have to assess. But right now, trying to pin those down, at this point, it would be finger in the wind at best.
Operator: Next, we have Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So in terms of the buying behavior you're seeing in Europe, how does it compare with the slowdown as we went into the Great Recession? And what I mean by that is choice of lease or time-based license versus perpetual, the type of contracts, the size of contracts. How does it compare?
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, really, I'd have to say that there is really not a comparison. That's the -- again, the time-based -- the perpetual to lease shift in a short-term standpoint, that is fundamentally different because we saw how that recalibrated 9 months, 3 quarters later. We saw how that recalibrated and kind of readjusted itself, if you recall back in the 2010-2011 time frame. That is a fundamentally different motion than someone who used to buy perpetual licenses saying, hey, what about a 4-year deal that expands -- they're really looking at something a little bit different. The other thing is that those lease shifts tended to be the smaller companies that were looking for some financial respite during a rough time versus major companies that are looking at a different form of expanding their usage. So I really can't -- I hadn't thought of it in those terms, I think basically because they really were kind of fundamentally different. And again, it tends to focus, as I mentioned earlier, not so much on geographic pockets but on classification of customer that would want to expand into this level. And they tend to be the bigger-names, probably the ones that anybody could rattle off the tip of their tongue type of thing, if we could mention them.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And I missed this if you said it. But what was the SpaceClaim contribution so we can figure out the organic...
James E. Cashman: It was pretty de minimis, but it was a couple of million, just around that thing. It was pretty -- keep in mind that one gets to be a little bit difficult because we were also an OEM of them at one time, and we're actually embedding a lot of the software into the ongoing product. And in fact, what I was talking about when somebody asked about R16, well, SpaceClaim plays a very interesting role in that new user experience and the way that people interact with their models. And I'm not going to say anything more than that until we actually do the formal release, but that tends to kind of skew the numbers on that, too. But that would at least give you a talking point to rig [ph] the numbers around.
Operator: Next, we have Saket Kalia of Barclays.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So first, just going back to the shift to lease, not to beat a dead horse, but it feels like design overall is starting to feel a little bit more comfortable buying on a lease, and it almost sounds more structural this time around. And I think what you mentioned, Jim, was that some of that is particularly happening in some of the multiphysics engagements. Can you just remind us what the benefit is to the customer that's using multiphysics on a lease basis rather than buying perpetual, excluding kind of the OpEx versus CapEx read?
James E. Cashman: No, no, no. I understood, and so you ruled out the financial thing, which is, I mentioned, one factor that goes in here. The one thing I'd like to draw a distinction between is the difference -- that there is a difference in the selling motion of the old woah, do I do a lease or do I do a perpetual license versus this new emerging kind of set of factors where a major company that used to buy -- oh, every year, they buy a few more perpetual licenses. They are sitting there and saying, "Hey, I've got these design cycles in mind." And let's just take, for example, my product. I've got a very complex product that maybe has a couple-year development cycle, and sometimes I need a lot of access to electronics for the electronics design portion, and sometimes I need to work on embedded software, and sometimes I need -- so depending upon the shifts, being able to look at adjusting those things on the fly without the traditional thing of here's your license, if you want to change. So I think it's that flexibility given the fact that they've already made the decision they want to expand the physics and they want to expand the breadth of usage. The other thing is then what that allows them to do. Now this is different than the capital versus necessarily OpEx. There is a certain then predictability to them over a long-term period of what the spend -- of what the spending patterns will be and their ability to budget around that. At least, now that's just -- I'd just say that anecdotal from about a handful of ones that I've engaged with. I wouldn't -- I can't guarantee that, that's across all the people who are talking about this, but I know that's a constant theme that comes up.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So just to hit on that point of sort of the ability to get more product within a lease, so -- just to be clear, is a lease a token-based engagement similar to like an Aspen Technology?
James E. Cashman: No.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Or is it similar to some of the EDA companies where you can sort of remix into and out of products depending on needs? Just to be able to explain the benefits of lease a little bit more.
James E. Cashman: Well, a lease is not a token-based one. However, at an enterprise level, a time-based license often has -- it doesn't -- I mean, the license mechanism is not distinctly token-based, but it has the same impact of flexibility and remix within certain guidelines. So it has an element that kind of does that, and it also then gets around all the individual first steps that are required for any kind of like -- oh, we're going to do a complete new purchase and then each one almost has to be a new cycle that's gone through. So again, lease, don't think in terms -- that was never a token-like kind of approach, but the enterprise massive time-based licenses does have that element of flexibility and utilization and adoption built into it.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it, got it. And then for my follow-up, if I could squeeze it in, goes to the margins side. Maria, I think the prepared remarks said that fourth quarter operating margins should be about 44% without that onetime charge, which I think from this quarter would be a 6-point kind of sequential decline. Typically, we've seen it only be maybe between 1 to 3 points down sequentially. First, can you just bracket what that onetime charge will be on a dollar basis? And then why do you think that sequential decline is going to be greater this fourth quarter than what we've seen historically?
Maria T. Shields: So on the onetime cost, it's probably somewhere between $3 million and $5 million. From a sequential cost, it's just -- if we take a look at the dynamics of the Apache and the Esterel businesses combined with, albeit, while there are certain parts of our sales that are not performing as well as planned or we would like, there are other elements of sales that are doing very well, and this is the accelerator time frame for them. So a lot of the cost around Q4 and people being in accelerators have been factored in. And like any other quarter, including this one, to the extent that we deliver towards the higher end of the range on revenue and/or above, you will probably see improvement in what we've guided to. But there is just a lot of unknowns right now, and I'd rather be safe than sorry.
Operator: Next, we have Matt Williams of Evercore.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore ISI, Research Division: I'll try and stick to 2. Just on the -- in EMEA, I know we've talked about it a little bit, and sort of going back to some of the success you've had in Asia-Pacific with some of the operational changes you've made there. Is there anything operational in EMEA that needs to change or that you're taking steps to change relative to...
James E. Cashman: Yes.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore ISI, Research Division: I know the business environment is not particularly great in some of those markets, but...
James E. Cashman: No, well, I mean, the bottom line is there have been a lot of times where the economic thing might not be all that great, and there's still ways for us to succeed, but I think that a, we continue to look at some of the -- and some of them are similar and some of them may be a little bit different than what we did in Asia-Pacific and other parts of the world. But obviously, some of the things we talked about with regards to channel has an impact on that as well as the broadening of the multiphysics space, and the capacity issues we talked about are also a major element of that. So we're adding capacity in Europe, too, because again, the pipelines have strengthened in Europe, but we need to make sure that we can actually close them and actually probably even expand them over what they are now.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then again, sort of sticking with the sales or organizational stuff. In the prepared remarks, you talked about making some organizational changes and go-to-market changes. You've talked about increasing sales, hiring and somewhat of a shift towards these term-based licenses. Is there anything within the sales or go-to-market model that needs to really change in terms of maybe pursuing the term-based approach with the larger customers relative to what you've done in the past?
James E. Cashman: Well, in terms -- again, in terms of wholesale shifts of what we'd be doing, I'd go back to our initial tenet is we're going to make many opportunities for customers to acquire the software available to them, and we even -- to the point of being able to talk about the advantages of each, but then let the customer make the decision. So the last thing we're trying to do is say, oh, we have seen this trend around some of these larger established customers moving in this direction. We see some of the data moving in that direction. That doesn't mean that we want to now force everybody wholesale into that, because there will be some that still continue to have that preference. But what we need to do then is arm our people with the data and the background to be able to help consult with their customers as to the best way to adopt, and that -- by the way, that adoption, again, links back into the service motion that we're also accelerating.
Operator: The next question we have is a follow-up from Ross MacMillan of RBC Capital Markets.
Ross MacMillan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Jim, I just wanted to go back to the $10 million deal. Have you ever signed a $10 million deal before? And also, can you just maybe talk to the duration of a deal like that? Is that also a longer contract duration?
James E. Cashman: Oh, yes. It's -- that particular one is a 3-year deal. Actually, we did -- we have had larger ones, but maybe over a period of time and things like that. But all that does is it just speaks to the point of this is not a singular occurrence that happened with one wacky customer. This is something that many people are actually effecting with their dollars today and then you pile that on top of the fact that we're hearing it from many other customers, and that just becomes too much of a trend in one direction.
Operator: Well, at this time, we're showing no further questions. We will go ahead and conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference call back over to Jim Cashman for any closing remarks. Sir?
James E. Cashman: Okay. Thanks a lot, Mike. In close -- okay, so let's see. The results of the third quarter reflect strong execution across our product lines, across many of the industry sectors and across almost all geographies. I'll just say we're pleased with what we've been able to achieve in the third quarter and year-to-date. We're extremely well-positioned to continue our growth into the balance of this year and into next year with strong recurring revenue, in-depth and deepening penetration of our top customers and the continuous improvement in the functionality of our software solutions. So all of this coupled with our disciplined cost management, our industry-leading competitive position and, of course, our base of talented employees gives us the confidence in our ability to drive shareholder returns over time and as we pursue that over $1 billion in revenue mark in 2015. So I'll just thank everybody for your time and questions, and we'll speak with you again next quarter.
Operator: And we thank you, Mr. Cashman and Ms. Shields, for your time today. The conference call is now concluded. At this time, you may disconnect your lines. Thank you, again, everyone, and have a great day.
Maria T. Shields: Thank you, Mike.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-05 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Strategy Committee Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS' Second Quarter 2014 Conference Call. Please note this call is being recorded. With us today are Mr. Jim Cashman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Cashman for some opening remarks.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Thanks. Good morning, and thanks, everyone, for joining us to discuss our 2014 second quarter financial results. So let's get started by saying that the earnings release and the related prepared remarks document have been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning, and it contains all of the key financial information and supporting data relative to Q2 and the first half of our 2014 business results, as well as our current Q3 and fiscal year 2014 outlook. So before we get started, I'd like to introduce Maria Shields, our CFO, for our Safe Harbor Statement. So Maria?
Maria T. Shields: Okay. Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to remind you that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future business results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call, and in the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and in the related Form 8-K. So with that, Jim, I'll turn it back over to you.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Thanks, Maria. And so -- but before we open the call up for Q&A, I'd like to briefly provide some commentary about our Q2 results and our Q3 and fiscal year 2014 outlook. So from our perspective, Q2 was a very good quarter that combined results at the top end of our guidance while substantially building for future opportunities. We reported consolidated non-GAAP revenue at the high end of our Q2 outlook range of $234 million, an increase in 8% reported currency or 7% constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.86. This was above the high end of our range, even excluding a $0.03 related to nonrecurring tax benefits. We're encouraged by the continued progress that we've made in our Asia-Pacific business as demonstrated by another quarter of double-digit growth. Overall, the second quarter reflects a combination of improved execution in targeted areas of our business, the continuation of softness in certain markets, as well as the various ongoing geopolitical tensions that we highlighted last quarter. Consistent with our stated capital allocation strategy, during the quarter, we repurchased just over 970,000 shares, leaving about 2 million shares remaining in the current authorized pool. So here's some other highlights from the quarter. We achieved revenue growth in all 3 major geographies, as well as double-digit constant currency growth in GIA, our Asia-Pacific area. We had 20 customers with orders in excess of $1 million. Now we had a similar number in Q2 of last year, but the amount this year represents a 27% increase in the underlying sales associated with them. Our recurring revenue was very strong at 71%. Deferred revenue and backlog grew to an all-time high of $440 million. Non-GAAP operating margins remained strong within our guidance range at 47.5%. We generated $80 million in operating cash flows. There was one other specific data point of interest that we also called out last quarter, the relative strength of lease versus paid-up license revenue. This was also partially reflected in the increase in our recurring revenue percentage and was predominantly driven by continued growth in the lease space, most notably across all of our electronics products. The result of this is that we've updated our outlook for fiscal year 2014. This translates into Q3 non-GAAP revenue in the range of $233 million to $241 million and EPS of $0.81 to $0.85, and revenue for the full year in the range of $943 million to $960 million with EPS of $3.29 to $3.37. So before we wrap up, I'd like to provide some qualitative context around the guidance. First and foremost, the fundamentals of our business, the customer interest and long-term market opportunity remain intact. We've also noticed that customer increase in interest has led to some more significant engagements, as evidenced by that 27% sales growth in our 7-figure customers this past quarter. Now these enterprise deals, they are very encouraging in that they embody, really, all the 3 dimensions of growth that we've been talking about, user account, density and intensity, but they are more complex in terms of timing and composition. So to net it all out, our enthusiasm continues, and we believe it's important to invest in our business to prepare for the long-term opportunity that we see over the next 3 to 5 years. And one last highlight I'd like to mention regards Bob Kocis joining us our new Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Support. Bob brings a wealth of experience, as well as some new perspectives and expertise that will just add to the existing talent within the ANSYS global team. We're excited that Bob has joined us to continue our drive towards the targeted double-digit revenue growth, as well as our long-term vision of Simulation-Driven Product Development. So with those brief comments, I'd be happy to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So I didn't see in the prepared remarks or the press release, can you give us what the acquisition-related revenue was in the quarter?
James E. Cashman: Yes, well, again, it was approximately $2 million related to SpaceClaim.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And can you give us a sense on SpaceClaim, if you take a look at just one -- a sample deal, who is it that they're seeing the most in terms of -- is there a specific RFP that they're going in and competing and benchmarking against? Or how is that kind of a sales cycle structure?
James E. Cashman: Sterling, I'm sorry. I wasn't quite finished with the one part of the answer. We also had about $1 million that was related to Reaction Design. So a total of about $3 million. So anyway, I just -- I wanted to clarify that one. So now, the next one?
Maria T. Shields: On SpaceClaim, sales.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: SpaceClaim, who do they -- the sales cycle, who do they -- who are they seeing in their RFPs, if there are dedicated RFPs for that type of purchase?
Maria T. Shields: So the largest part of their business right now, Sterling, is through OEM channels and building out their partner ecosystem. Some of those partners happen to be overlap partners that were traditionally ANSYS partners. And then a smaller piece is to direct customers, some of them, which are also overlap logos with traditional ANSYS customers. So I would say it's your R&D centers more towards the designer users, the initial users in the process.
James E. Cashman: Yes, again, we've talked about this from the very beginning. This is more of a conceptual design, supporting simulation -- our concept of Simulation-Driven Product Development. This is -- this really isn't a traditional CAD/CAM kind of play. So it's not that -- don't view it in terms of the RFPs for a series of CAD players, because it's really not a primary market that they've been -- it's one that can be served, but it's really not a primary market that they were targeting or that really is in the main street of what we've been doing.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you. And then along that M&A front, can you give us an update on where you're at in your M&A strategy? What types of opportunities you're seeing? What are the parameters you're looking for at this point given you've been successful in a lot of the tuck-ins that you've done already?
James E. Cashman: Well, there's really no change. In general, I mean, even with some of the technological advantages our product currently have, I mean, we've got a very robust internal spending pattern that's driving those forward. And sometimes, we can acquire both talent and software capability to accelerate those. But the other thing is, if you've noticed the constant rise in some of the major account agreements, if you look at what's -- even some of our public announcements with the expanded relationships and joint technology relationships we have with key customers, this gets into a little bit more by necessity, not just a technological capability, but of a process play that actually supports the infusion of simulation throughout the development cycle. So when you get to that, the things related to process offerings, management of data, those type of things. So really, there's nothing different than we've been talking about probably for the last couple of years. It's just that the -- it's an emerging body of capability. There's a different base of players, and so the process of building partnerships as well as leading to acquisitions is a little bit longer than, if you will, the usual suspects.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask on -- first on the revenues for Q2. So you outperformed certainly relative to the midpoint of your guidance. Jim, would you, or Maria, would you be able to rank for us or kind of help us take apart what were the most important factors behind... [Technical Difficulty]
Maria T. Shields: Are you still there, Steve?
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Yes. I'm sorry, can you hear me?
Maria T. Shields: Yes, you keep breaking up.
James E. Cashman: You cut out on us, so we weren't really sure.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Oh, I'm sorry. You outperformed relative to the midpoint of your revenue guidance. Could you identify for us the major factors, maybe in order of importance, for that outperformance?
James E. Cashman: Well, the key aspect of it, I mean, obviously was we had growth in all regions, and they were all pretty much on target. But getting to the upper end of the range and over consensus really was largely driven, as I mentioned, by the Asia-Pacific business. But then also, keep in mind, the acceleration that we still saw in those upper-end customers, fairly significant. It's the -- it takes a while for people to build into the -- into that 7-figure range and to have -- the group that's already there that increased by a fairly substantial, in excess of 20% growth, and those were areas that were a little bit above that. And that was also -- that was somewhat mitigated and could be counterbalanced by the fact that we also mentioned that there was an increased shift toward lease and time-based license versus the traditional perpetual, which on one hand, would, while it built up the deferred balance, it tends to mute a little bit the actual recognized revenue for the quarter. So it's a good thing for us long term. But even in spite of all that, when you balance it all out, it still wound up, like I said, above consensus and at the -- pretty much towards the top of our revenue range.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. Yes, I saw your bookings number was very good. It looked like it grew maybe 16% year-on-year. I did want to ask you then, my -- for my follow-up, another question about SpaceClaim. Jim, could you talk to us a little bit about the product synergies with your core offering and how any revenue synergies might unfold over time?
James E. Cashman: Well, over time is a long question, and -- but in reality, we do see that because the ability to build, develop a conceptual geometry that can also keep pace with the optimization capabilities of simulation also allows a much friendlier entry point for casual users to start to utilize the capability and actually close the loop on that. Long term, that's something that we clearly see, because we've also been talking about it being, over past years, one of those barriers that we'd be addressing going forward. But -- and you see that going forward. Keep in mind, we're a couple of months into this, and while we've got some fairly significant and I think exciting integration plans, the integration of that capability is going to be an ongoing pursuit. Now keep in mind also that for a couple of years, we were providing this as -- on an OEM partner kind of basis. But the overall theme really is around the democratization of simulation. It's really around ease of use. It's basically about being able to broaden the base, and if you will, just remove some of the initial fears that people might have of stepping into it with a more embracing kind of user interface.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Williams with Evercore.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I was just wondering if we could possibly get an update around sales hiring and sort of what you're seeing in the market there in terms of your ability to onboard reps, and maybe where you are relative to plan? It looked like you guys added about 60 employees in the quarter, and I think when you closed the SpaceClaim acquisition, you were talking about bringing on board about 50 from them. So I was just curious if we can get an update there. That would be helpful.
James E. Cashman: Sure. Well, the 60 people, as you noted, did include some from the acquisition, but we're pretty much on hiring plans and staffing plans. The on-boarding issue, of course, is a complex one when you consider the breadth of our products, but we've been having a pretty good hit rate on that. Obviously, we had a very smooth transition as the Head of Sales role that we did that particular one. So we're actually -- and the other thing is, keep in mind, you get some evidence, I mean, it's one spot. But you can -- you know that for the past few quarters, we've been talking about rebuilding -- of actually bringing the Asia-Pacific team up to a new level that we think is commensurate with where we're headed. And we talked -- started talking about that about 9 months to a year ago, and over the last couple of quarters, we've been talking about the noted change there. So I think in some ways, we've been able to increase both the effectiveness of the type of person we're hiring, but also the ability to get them on board a lot more quickly. With that being said, it still is not a matter of weeks, it's a matter -- it takes months to really get people up to kind of a par kind of capability and productivity.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Great. That's helpful. And maybe just one quick follow-up from me. On the large deals that you've talked about, obviously, a nice increase year-over-year in the dollar value there. And I know in the past, you've talked about creating a more strategic relationship with customers and even using some of your services capabilities to really make sure you're getting the most out of those agreements. Are the increases that you're seeing in terms of dollar value, are these with customers that maybe came in and did a little bit a year ago and are adding capabilities as they're sort of renewing? Or is it really a factor of just large deals kind of coming to you right...
James E. Cashman: No, it's a mix. It is mostly known customers. Keep in mind that at the time, people thought many years ago that simulation was saturated. Most of these customers have been with us in, let's say, earlier generations of analysis software capability. They've been with us, in many cases, for 10, 15, 20, even more, longer in terms of years. It was just that we had to do a lot of the other things that we've been doing over the last decade or so to bring it -- to make it more broadly usable to the company. So most of those are customers that have been with us for quite a while, and they continue to ramp up. Now that being said, it's -- there are some that are immediate large sales. There are -- the majority of them, I'd say, are probably ones that used lower-level capabilities for a number of years and now are branching into broader ones. But you still see that there's quite a bit of this that's a continually increasing base of recurring revenue combined with substantial new sales. And again, the service aspect of it is the last part, and in general, that's a body that we've been building up over the last year or 2. Yes, that's having an impact on some of those comp customers. It isn't universal across all of them. Some of them are just in a normal proliferation phase, but it definitely has helped us. We've had a couple of press releases, if you checked our website about formal joint technology agreements and things like that, that have actually propelled some of that forward. But it's also one where it's not a standard practice that's really out there in industry, at least at the technical detail at which we deal with people ramping up on simulation. So that's one that -- we're continuing to build it as we grow the capability with the customers.
Operator: The next question comes from Anil Doradla with William Blair.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I had a couple of questions. Jim, I mean, the whole Eastern European crisis continues to go on. Can you remind us once again what the impacts were in this quarter and how should we be looking at it, say, over the next 12 months?
James E. Cashman: So at this point, what we really did was we said that it was around $10 million for the year, and once it kind of freezes up allocating what would have been in any 1 quarter, it's kind of tough. I mean, we could see over that range. Frankly, the reason why we didn't drum that up a lot on this call is because we mentioned it in Q1. We tried to account for it. We pretty much assumed, like I think we stated at the time that, hey, we assume that something this complex and this nasty is going to go on for at least a year. And for that reason, if anything positive happens, it's all good for us. But we didn't see it changing anytime soon, and quite frankly, we don't -- we didn't see it changing in Q2. If anything, it got slightly more strident. But again, we pretty much balanced a lot of that out. So while it still has an impact, it was factored into our guidance from the last call. It's continued to be baked in there. And if we do get some positive movement on there, it will be a pleasant surprise.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And one of the key themes that is going on in processors is the rise of ARM-based processors. It's a theme that is going to impact the infrastructure markets in 2015 with the rise of about 0.5 dozen semiconductor companies launching these products. Now, Jim, you've talked about commoditization of processing, and I wanted to know how you're looking at ARM-based processors competing with the Intel platforms, bringing the cost down significantly. And how should we be looking at your business, say, over the next 36 months with rise of these family of chips?
James E. Cashman: Well, in general, any -- I mean, there are a lot of different technology bases, but any increase in the availability, drop in cost of any kind of processing, anything driven along that turns out to be a net tailwind for us. And that's everything from the little-bit-earlier graphics processing units and the fact that they're in there and linking into there. So any form of computing that's out there is -- we're going to tap into it because, frankly, as valuable as our software is, it's also -- it also uses a lot of computing resource. So we go after that, whether it's large scale. Any of the new innovative kind of capabilities, we will -- we'll continue to tap into. And anything that drops the overall hardware cost of that is something that just creates more opportunity for us. So ARM, one aspect of that GPU, and for that matter, even some of the things that we see with some of the on-demand kind of licensing and access to that. So really, it's more of a broader base question. But virtually anything that increases the proliferation of the computing capacity, and in particular, embeds it in the company, even in a customer company, even in advance of us involved in the software engagement has turned out to be a net-plus. We've come a long way from the day where every time we sold a license, we also had to work with them to help procure a UNIX box or something like that to run along [ph]. So all of this is good movement for us.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great. And finally, if I can sneak in one small thing. The record backlog, anything that surprised you on the upside on that front?
James E. Cashman: Well, not really, I mean, but we have seen as we've done -- one of the things we saw was that, traditionally, we had a kind of our own balance in lease license, and it was very stable for a long amount of time. But you looked at some of the companies that we partnered with, and they each had their own individual models. So Ansoft, in particular, really didn't have a lease model, but Apache had virtually an all-lease model and a lot of it multiyear. As we started to get integration between the products, what we saw was that, okay, well, customers that traditionally might have been Apache products but are starting to buy increasing amounts of Ansoft products, well, they're -- whatever their dialed-in purchase mechanism was for the time-based license. And that's what I mentioned when we saw the lease part of our business actually growing more quickly. So that was one aspect of it. The other thing is that we do see that there are trends toward more of the on-demand kind of usage, which is inherently time-based by definition. So we have those 2 major elements going forward. Those are really the only major trends that we saw. And then again, the other thing is keep in mind what the -- those larger customer deals we talked about that were growing disproportionately, well, since they've been continually accumulating business, well, part of that accumulation, of course, is the growth of the maintenance business, in addition to some of that also being increased lease business, and of course, all of that adds to the backlog.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: I'd like to ask a couple of questions regarding, in effect, your sustainable competitive differentiation built around the breadth of your portfolio. And specifically, you've talked, for instance, about systems engineering or what you call your comprehensive systems solution on the one hand, including the acquisitions of Apache for electronics, of course, Esterel, Reaction Design for chemical processes. I imagine that's partly aimed at new types of batteries, for example, and SpaceClaim, which, when private, had a nice niche in automotive. And so the question I have is do you see automotive as perhaps the principal vertical market in which you can, a [ph], more succeed in systems engineering? So not to exclude other areas, but auto perhaps would be the most significant area. As you're probably aware, one of the major U.S. car companies recently made a very interesting selection, not involving you, around systems engineering, but it's perhaps indicative of what's going on in that space.
James E. Cashman: Yes. Well, I mean, the bottom line is we -- like anything we do, we assume it's got a broader base. The only thing I'd say is that what we've noted over the last couple of years, in particular, that automotive, it's -- while it's not the sole market, it's one that's been under a lot of transformation. Before, it was around hybrid drives and battery technology, motor efficiency, things that are inherently multi-physics. We talked about the fact that the amount of electronic content in car, whether it's entertainment systems, active safety systems, engine and control kind of systems, the combining of the electronics and the mechanics obviously was another key aspect. You mentioned Reaction Design, and yes, we see that, that kind of -- while it's not really aimed necessarily at chemical, the main thing was toward combustion and fuel efficiency, which, of course, not only is good for aero, but it's also very good for automotive. So it's more along the lines, when you see the convergence of all the regulatory pressures, of all the safety concerns of fuel efficiency, of a whole range of those things. The standard practices that used to be locked in 30, 40 years ago, they're not really the main failure point and failure mechanisms. It's when you switch over to new systems that might have unintended consequences. You look at the system combinations, a broad range of things, and that's just created in it -- not that automotive itself is inherently more applicable to this. I think every product can apply to this, but the pressure is for change, and the transformations that are going on are particularly noted in the automotive. And that's why we have seen some of those things going on. Like I said, we've also seen it in commercial aviation, and of course, the rapid transition of things, we've seen a lot in electronics. So that's one reason why those have tended to be predominating industries for a number of times [ph]. But you're correct, automotive is one that's been particularly noteworthy as of recent.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Secondly, could you update us on what's going on with EKM and your cloudy investments? Is it fair to think about those 2 as going increasingly together, that you're trying to grow your EKM business and of course, your cloudy investments as part of your new collaboration strategy?
James E. Cashman: Well, actually that's spot on. And this is -- and it's probably a little premature to talk about it at this time. But in fact, not surprisingly, EKM related to cloud offerings related to collaboration and actually related to the commercialization of our own offerings inside the cloud has been one that's actually gone -- has actually been one of the more technologically advancing areas for us in the last few months. The other thing is we find that it was the -- it was just the same technologies. Our architecture was -- is fine in a public cloud or a private cloud, but the ability to link all of those together was particularly key. So that's -- essentially, that's one element where we have continued to -- we talked about the increased R&D spend that we're doing internally. That's one where there aren't -- there isn't a lot of off-the-shelf things that are really there that are usable for us and the ability to link in with the innate knowledge created by a simulation product becomes important. So that's been a significant part in addition to ease-of-use of our own internal investment strategy. Now that's one, obviously, we've also talked about as being a potential target for some of the M&A activities. But like I say, a lot of these things really don't exist or there would be a lot of assembly required. It's just that we're always interested in different middleware and infrastructural software that can actually drive that forward. So it actually plays a little bit into one of the elements of our acquisition strategy.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: All right. And lastly, with regard to sales. When Bob was at PTC, part of his experience there entailed working with the channel. And my question is, would you anticipate, now that you have the new Head of Sales, that the role or proportion of sales coming from the channel might change in -- on the direct side? Would you anticipate perhaps taking somewhat more of a vertical alignment as with the aforementioned automotive market or anything else?
James E. Cashman: Well, the verticalization, I mean, we don't want to sit there and over-slice that. And in general, we already have teams that are associated but largely around major accounts and clusters of industries. So it's really not a pure industry alignment, but it's a very focused sales and program backed with some -- from targeted marketing. Now on -- the other thing, our main thing is that we want to make sure as our product portfolio continues to broaden, the biggest issue we've had are taking these slightly smaller companies that have been with us a number of years and helping them move up the learning curve, if you will, on-boarding them to new technology. And that part of tapping into that channel experience was one thing that we were -- it was just one of those extra pluses that we wanted to tap into, and this new VP provides an expertise space in there that's particularly strong. A lot of people have ideas on the direct, but it's a little bit more complicated when you're balancing all of that. So it's not that you're going to see anything dramatically different. I hope what you'll continue to see over a multi-year period is commensurate and correlated growth between the 2 and keeping balance.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I want to just go back and revisit an earlier line of questioning on SpaceClaim. In regards to the product road map, what needs to happen to that product for it to reach maybe an important first milestone? You talked about it being kind of a longer-term evolutionary process, but I think the understanding here is you're going to try to import some ANSYS technology and simulation into that product. Does that sound right? And what kind of time frame are we talking about for that to happen?
James E. Cashman: Well, I don't think we see it so much as capability being imported into SpaceClaim. I think what you see is -- are some of the SpaceClaim constructs, user interaction styles being more pervasive throughout the ANSYS family in terms of having that newer user interface. A lot of our legacy products, while they're very popular, some of them have -- they've been around for a long time and so have their user interfaces. And if you think of how user interaction has changed with software and how difficult it is to effect those changes through it, it's pretty complicated. But with this using -- I mean, interacting with the -- interacting with a conceptual geometry and gradually refining it as you learn more and more about it is a very natural way of working with things. And so really, it's more of the merging and embedding of the combining of the capabilities of simulation with the capabilities of conceptual geometry creation, linking them together so you can do closed-loop kind of optimization in a way that actually -- where geometry can be both an input and a parameter to be altered and allow those all to come together. But at the same point is taking advantage of the ease of use because SpaceClaim was very effective at reaching a broad base of users and being very intuitive, easy to learn. In fact, we had a chance to witness that ourselves when we OEM-ed it as a -- when they were a third-party supplier to us. And we saw the impact that it was already starting to have in -- just with the initial baby steps in terms of implementing that. So I wouldn't see in terms of shoving a bunch of simulation capabilities into SpaceClaim, but I think what happens is it becomes very blurry as to where SpaceClaim -- where geometry creation starts and where simulation ends. It becomes part of an overall process, and linking those together both by data and user interaction are key aspects of it.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That was really good. In terms of -- is it possible that with ANSYS 16 later this year, we could also see some of that ease-of-use elements being rolled [ph] in the ANSYS offering?
James E. Cashman: I'm sorry, Steve. But the -- I didn't mean to cut you off, but no, that's absolutely part of the roadmap. And even though we're always adding features into the software, solving new classes of problems, I think that we even mentioned the last couple of calls, the ease of use is really the banner aspect of moving forward, and that's across all of our product lines. So it's not just that it's some of the ease of use with geometry, but in terms of what we're doing with all the major product lines, be they electronics, be they fluids or be that structure, we're starting to put that in. Now the ease-of-use, keep in mind, that's a pretty broad-based thing. Ease-of-use is everything from user interaction. It's to automation of capabilities that always could be strung together, but you had to kind of do it more manually, and now they do it more as automated steps. And frankly, the -- some of the ease-of-use that we're getting through the ANSYS customization toolkit, allowing people to customize it particular to things they want to do or different corporate best practices they have. So when we think ease-of-use, it's a really, really broad term, but there's 3 -- those are the 3 major fronts that we're working on.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And just real quick, Maria, do you happen to remember in the year-ago third quarter, you did a large license deal. Do you happen to remember which geography that occurred in?
Maria T. Shields: Do you mean second quarter, Steve?
James E. Cashman: Well, there was a second quarter when we had a really large one.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's what I meant to say. I'm sorry.
James E. Cashman: Okay, okay. Yes, that one we're familiar with. The Q3 ones, not so much.
Maria T. Shields: Yes, that was in North America, Steve.
James E. Cashman: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: I wondered if you could comment on your capital allocation strategy, obviously cash flow has been very strong currently and historically. Obviously, you bought back stock, but any thoughts on the continuation of the buyback and/or dividend and/or M&A?
James E. Cashman: Yes, yes. I mean, again, keep in mind, these weren't tactics that we invoked over the last few years. It really is part of a strategy, and it's really the same thing we talked about before is it's always been positive, accretive acquisitions that help us build our product roadmap and actually, if you will, pull the future in sooner. And then secondarily is the share repurchase, which I think we demonstrated in large part. Now keep in mind, as I mentioned in some of my opening comments was we still have around 2 million that's already authorized. And that's not to say that that's the end game, I'm just saying that's on the shelf and ready to go. But that's -- but those elements continue to be the 2 major bulwarks of our capital allocation.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: All right. And I don't know if you mentioned this or not, I know you had some comment about the employee count, but what kind of openings do you currently have and versus maybe a quarter ago or a year ago?
James E. Cashman: Well, the good news is we've closed on that quite a bit. The -- we do have -- we always have a number of openings because we're always -- first of all, keep in mind, for us, recruiting is a -- it's a process. It's not an event. It's something that we know we need to continually build. We know there's certain runway that it takes. So we continue to build things going on. Now we don't have quite the number of openings that we did because we filled some of them, but the most important part is that the -- in particular, the productive sales headcount and keeping that fully fleshed out, that's really been kind of a top of the thing. So bottom line is we're continuing to hire. Second of all, we're in -- we're disproportionately in good shape in terms of the sales headcount, although we're always looking for increased talent there. And we're just continuing to -- the recruiting process in a generic sense, just knowing that over the next couple of years that we want to continue to add top flight talent to the team.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jim Cashman for any closing remarks.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, thanks a lot, everybody. So in close -- basically, in closing, the emphasis for the remainder of 2014, it's an ongoing focus on sales execution, and then as some of you noted already, the delivery of ANSYS 16, a key release for us. Actually, many of us just spent the last quarter traveling to our annual user group meetings, and we actually engaged with well over 10,000 of our customers and partners from around the globe. So all I can say is that backing up the numbers and the guidance that we talked about today, those customers, their receptivity and enthusiasm for our long-term vision is actually continuing to strengthen, which gives us a pretty good visibility into that revenue range for 2014 that we mentioned, and it certainly gives us increased confidence in the long-term opportunity. So again, the normal shout-out is that we continue to get a lot of propelling by a strong combination. The vision continues solid. I think our business model has demonstrated time and time again to be very resilient. The customers are loyal, those ones that keep increasing that large mega-customer base. But the partners, the technology and now this growing base of exceptional employees, they are really what has made it possible and continue to make it possible in the future, and I'd like to thank all of them. But thank you for your time, and we'll be speaking again with you next quarter.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Strategy Committee Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome Ansys Fourth (sic) [First] Quarter and Fiscal Year 2013 (sic) [2014] Conference Call. With us today is Mr. Jim Cashman, Chairman, President and Executive Officer; and Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Cashman.
James E. Cashman: Will good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Actually, today, we're going to be discussing 2014 first quarter financial results. So a little bit of bookkeeping first, consistent with our standard protocol, just be aware that all of the general information and key topics relative to Q1's business performance, and our updated 2014 outlook are included within this morning's earnings release and in the prepared remarks document that we posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. So with that, and no further ado, I'll introduced Maria Shields, our CFO for our Safe Harbor statement. So Maria.
Maria T. Shields: Okay, good morning. Thanks, Jim. I'd just like to remind you that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call, and in the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K. So Jim, I'll turn it back over to you.
James E. Cashman: Okay, thanks Maria. So before we get started with Q&A, I'd like to briefly comment on a few important highlights regarding our Q1 results, our updated fiscal year 2014 outlook and this morning's announcement of our acquisition of SpaceClaim. So let's start by saying that Q1 was a solid quarter on many fronts. It was highlighted by record cash flows of $132 million, a deferred revenue and backlog balance of $437 million, and an operating margin of 47%. So we reported a consolidated non-GAAP revenue above the midpoint of our Q1 outlook range, or $216.5 million, which is an increase of 9% in both constant and reported currency, and our non-GAAP EPS was at the high end of our range, or $0.76. In addition, few little sub-points here, our first quarter non-GAAP revenues were driven by a combination of growth across each of our 3 major geographies. We had 32 customers, with orders in excess of $1 million. Our recurring revenue was very strong at 75%. In the first quarter, we welcomed Reaction Design to Ansys. And today, we want to welcome SpaceClaim to the Ansys family, and we'll talk more about that momentarily. And for those of you are interested on the hiring front, we netted about 80 employees during the quarter, including the new employees from Reaction Design. There were many positive aspects from the quarter, which like I said before, we saw growth in all regions, led by strong constant currency growth in Asia, most notably the 13% growth in Japan, which we had highlighted as an area of concern and effort over the previous quarters. Now even though we were above the midpoint of the revenue guidance, there was one significant downside aspect for the quarter, and that's namely the situation that developed in Russia and its several million-dollar impact on our business that otherwise would've seen us at the top of our revenue guidance. There was one other specific data point of interest, the relative strength of lease versus perpetual revenue. This is also of course, partially reflected in the aforementioned increase in our current revenue percentage. It was largely driven by continued growth in the Apache, and our electronics business unit lease businesses, as well as the small inclusion of Reaction Design which also offers both a subscription and paid-up model. While the Apache business has historically been a time-based license model that we continue to grow, it's a little too early to ascertain whether there's a shift towards time and usage-based subscription revenue in other elements of our business that were traditionally offered under a paid out model. Or even if this is a -- one of those responses to macro conditions. In any event, nevertheless, the increases in subscription and recurring revenue are 2 positive factors that have been part of our business model for decades. During the quarter, we combined a focus on a combination of sales improvement initiatives, and sales and technical support hiring in those market places where we see the most opportunity for growth in 2014 and beyond. The sales teams are focused on finding new and complementary ways to better address the market opportunities in their local geographies and increase the overall sale of productivities. These ongoing internal sales improvements are beginning to translate into top line results in certain regions, as I mentioned, Japan being one example. And we believe that the changes that we've made coupled with the continued focus on execution, should continue to produce improvement in sales through 2014. On the industry side, the industry composition continued to be diverse, while exhibiting strengths in electronics, so let's see materials, chemical processing, automotive and the industrial sectors kind of stood out. We had a host of new logos, and we also continued to see sales and strong renewal in our existing account base, reference back that growth of the $1 million-and-above customers. And then also, as you hopefully saw in this morning's announcement, we're excited to report that yesterday, we closed the acquisition of SpaceClaim. This addition, while relatively small in revenue contribution currently, is exciting, I'd say, for 3 major reasons: First, it accelerates by a few years the delivery of our long standing vision of simulation-driven product development, by injecting the intuitive interaction into the simulation process; secondly, it strengthens the democratization of our products to help extend our potential user base from the traditional analysts and expert users to a much larger cadre of design in nontraditional users, as seen in the ranks of management, marketing, manufacturing sectors, as well as increased traction in our SMB and our SaaS subscription delivery models; and then finally, equates a new end user market as an embedded application in the variety of OEM offerings that can benefit from a new paradigm or a product innovation and collaboration. So basically, we're really excited to welcome the talented employees to the Ansys family. I would mention that more information on the SpaceClaim acquisition is provided in this morning's prepared remarks document that I referenced earlier, as well as some supplemental materials posted on the acquisition page of our Investor Relations website. So as we look to the remainder of 2014, for Q2, we are currently forecasting non-GAAP revenue in the range of $226 million to $234 million, and GAAP revenue in the range of $224 million to $232.5 million. Non-GAAP diluted EPS in the range of $0.77 to $0.81, and GAAP diluted EPS in the range of $0.57 to $0.62. We're adjusting our outlook for fiscal year 2014 factoring in plant increases and sales capacity and other headcount additions to your current visibility around sales pipeline and forecast, and the inclusion of SpaceClaim starting May 1, and some small changes in currency rate assumptions. What this translates to is we expect non-GAAP revenue in the range of $939 million to $964 million, or top line consolidated growth of 8% to 11%, and GAAP revenue in the range of $932.5 million to $958.5 million. Our updated non-GAAP diluted EPS outlook for 2014 reflects a range of $3.23 to $3.33, and we expect GAAP diluted EPS in the range of $2.44 to $2.62. Netting this kind of explaining digging in a little bit more, the revenue outlook for the full year remains unchanged at the low end of our guidance range, and is slightly down at the high end. While we expect SpaceClaim to add roughly $10 million in non-GAAP revenue for the remainder of the year, this amount is offset by reductions in the business we previously expected from Russia, and also by some weakness in portions of our indirect channel. Given the ongoing uncertainty surrounding the situation in Russia, based -- also including the most recent announcements of additional U.S. sanctions earlier this week, we're being prudent in our business outlook and we're assuming no appreciable improvement through the remainder of the year. Of course should the business conditions significantly improve, we'll factor the changes into our future outlook as upside. The full year EPS range, slightly lowered to account for the margin structure of SpaceClaim, and that's fairly typical of all of our previous acquisitions over the past 15 years or so. So summarizing the situation, continued growth with upside potential from any reasonable Russian stabilization, combined with new technology offerings that come from a combination of our own upcoming traditional product releases and our recent acquisitions. For the next few months, no surprise here, we'll continue to focus on driving increased productivity from our ongoing sales and support investment while also balancing our investments for future growth against the realities of the current and changing economic conditions and cautious customer sentiment. So with that, we now open up the phone lines to take any questions that you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Well, I'll take the easy question the one that's probably on most people's minds. I'm wondering if you can give us any quantification around the Russian impact in dollars to first quarter, second quarter, full year, just any kind of help or color there would be appreciated.
James E. Cashman: Yes, well, for the fiscal year, it was probably slightly in excess of $10 million. I mean, no surprise, and we talked in previous quarters about Russia being -- relatively being one of those higher growing areas. And it was probably approximately in that $3 million kind of range for Q1, and then the rest of it of course spread out over the remainder of the year. And the bottom line is, we still have a high regard for the long-term aspects of that business, and we've heard nothing about the things sort of -- but there's a lot of saber-rattling. There is talk about export license kind of concerns, there are things like that. And we want the fact there that in the overall business operation. And basically, when it comes in, we can cut the keys and get into the customer.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Perfect. Then I have a question. You may not have this at your fingertips but it has to do with the lease license mix. And you give us some nice color, pointing out that the Apache business, which tends to be more lease, was strong. But within your core business, kind of the Ansys core business, has there also been a shift there? Do you have any sense of that.
James E. Cashman: Well, no. There has been some shift. Like we mentioned, there was an increase, particularly in the EBU, in our electronics business unit, and some of that could be a crossover thing of some of the cross-selling that we have between that. But again, we had relative performance of historical paid-up to lease ratios in our other main line businesses. It was more resilient, in the lease. And like I said, we want to -- there can be a couple of things at play here. There can either be some trends in the buying sentiment, as people get more comfortable with time-based licenses and subscription model. But if you recall, from other time frames of uncertainty, there were times where we would have short-term dislocations of lease. At the end of the day, we're both happy that customers are still coming on board in the purchase mechanism the fact that our recurring revenue percent went up, that our deferred balances are going up, some things like that. Those are all positives. But we do see some of those. But it was enough of a relative perturbation that we figured we'd call that out.
Operator: The next question comes from Anil Doradla from William Blair.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I think the question I have around here, now that you've got -- had Walid for I think almost a year as Chief Product Officer, can you share with us some of the key achievements in this new role, and the reaction of customers? And where I'm going with this question is, you've talked about democratization of these simulation tools, and him having a Microsoft background, I would love to hear your perspective given that we've got 12 months behind.
James E. Cashman: Well, keep in mind, in terms of just the energy and new mindset coming in, and energy, that's probably one of the key things. But keep in mind, even once you to that, it takes a certain amount of time to create and develop code and get that in place. I think you'll start to see some of that coming out even in the upcoming releases that I mentioned. I mean, we've not formally announced the date, but we've got we've got our 15.1 and 16 releases coming up soon. Some also, some further ones from Apache in terms of RedHawk releases, and things like that. So I think this is really a thing where you see initial energy and enthusiasm and now it's -- now the function is really on the ongoing delivery of that. So nothing too surprising. But also not too surprising are some different perspectives of the computing industry and delivery models and things like that are particularly key. And I think also the different perspectives, not just from an IT standpoint but from some of the user paradigm, things that we want to do but -- where it's not going a change appreciably, but it's just going to get better due to that different mindset. Those are the key things we look at. All in all it's a positive.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And as a follow-up. I think the key question that is on my mind and many investors' mind is this growth trajectory of Ansys. One of the key issues that I hear from investors is it's a high-end product, they fully penetrated with the high-end of the market, and it takes time to go down to the wider engineering space. Can you help us understand anything that can help? I know this is a question that's come before, but I would love to hear your latest thoughts on this especially in the context of...
James E. Cashman: Well, the latest thoughts are the same as the oldest thoughts. And if you think about it, about 15 years ago, we had a patent technology which was really aimed at coming with very easy-to-use software for those historians in the crowd that was called DesignSpace. And we were trying to capture those elements of how you get that extreme ease-of-use. Even though at that time, we were heavily constrained by limitations in the computing infrastructure that would facilitate that. Now if you look going forward, you've heard an awful lot of talk about the Workbench architecture and some of the things in terms of our user experience that, over the last 2 or 3 years, has been a focus item for us. So we're starting to move into that. I would also accentuate the fact that, that was one of driving factors in terms of the acquisition of SpaceClaim, because they had a very modern kind of interaction, not only a user interface style, but way of interacting with geometry. And we wanted geometry to be able to move, if you will, at the speed of consensual thought, because a simulation-driven product development, you want to continuing look at many of many factors and use that, and get the product totally right before you even go into a detailed design phase. And this is one aspect that actually brought that into us. So but the third leg of this, which is one that we've also talked about extensively, is there is one element of making the tools available to -- comprehensible and usable by new cadres of less-sophisticated users from a simulation standpoint. But there's another -- one of the driving factors is, before, mainline companies will unleash all this capability and change their processes around it. They have to be able come up with something that says, "I'm comfortable by adding this in here. I'm not going to disrupt my age-old legacies of being able to get reliable brand-leading products out there." So we also want to make sure, we also have to work with helping customers bridge that. But obviously, if you can't get to that first step of making it embraceable by the new class of users, you're not going to get much of a push to move that in there. So this is something that's been identified for a long time. We've been working on mainline for a number of years now, and we're looking at different kind of technologies that can actually, as I mentioned, accelerate. That's what I meant by accelerating the division of simulation-driven product development and the democratization aspect. Is actually being able to get this in a place where we can reach those users. And do it in a totally immersive passion, not just by providing lesser capabilities that have less options and are dumbed down, because these aren't -- the less-sophisticated users aren't solving less-sophisticated problem. They're still making major commitments to things that have to be successful product launches.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Unknown Analyst: This is Zack Aisman [ph] in for Jay. We have a couple of technical and financial questions about SpaceClaim. First, how does the Ansys strategy, as described at the Analyst Meeting, and ANSYS as a platform at systemic and comprehensive engineering?
James E. Cashman: Yes, well, the key thing is the geometry has always been a factor in there, and we've linked with a lot of other geometry systems, most notably the ones that, for instance, came from Kansas. We're not becoming a CAD company, we're a simulation company. But that ability to have something that we can organically blend in and go through rapid iterations and allow people, and in some cases, allow the simulation to actually drive the geometry. You remember the Investor Day, we talked adjoint solvers where are actually say, "What do I want the results to be? And therefore, tell me what the geometry should be." Kind of inverting that overall processes is a very key aspect. And clearly, the SpaceClaim product and direct modeling in general, allows a more intuitive way of being able to interact with that and it links in more naturally with the concept portion. But it also was done at a time without any legacy baggage work and look at all the modalities of construction kind of techniques and interaction techniques and the way that works with computing infrastructures and we could leverage off of that.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. In recent years SpaceClaim seems to have been able to its base by about 10,000 licenses a year, including your prior resale activities on every half. How are you thinking about the unit opportunity here, given the size of your base or the needs of key verticals such as [indiscernible]?
James E. Cashman: I'm not sure I actually understand the question. Could you just re-word that? I'm sorry.
Unknown Analyst: So in recent years, the SpaceClaim license growth of about 10,000 licenses a year, including the presale activities on their behalf, how are you thinking about that unit opportunity?
James E. Cashman: Okay. Look, the key thing is we want to actually maintain that. Remember, I talked about 3 things that were pretty -- that were exciting about us. So you'll -- maintaining some of those pushes into the -- some of those peripheral kind of areas are still very much of interest to those, because even those people, even if they're not going to be doing simulations, resulting benefiting from the benefit of simulation, is particularly key. And there are, at the low-end, they literally have tens of thousands of seats, but they are at the low end. Additionally though, we want to take -- the same thing that made that accessible to a much broader range of people, if we can apply that same kind of attractive inclusion element, and bring that in to our traditional simulation base, we feel that we can knock down yet another set of barriers that sometimes might have impeded people from taking those first steps.
Unknown Analyst: Great. And as a follow-up, could you comment to the relative performance and outlook of your mechanical fluids and electronics business units, including Apache in particular?
James E. Cashman: Well, I think they've all been growing. Like I said, you would notice that there had been, we mentioned, there had been some -- a little bit a shift in Q1 or a relative stronger element of the lease aspects. If you look at Apache, Apache actually is -- performed, been performing ahead of projections and growing well. So there really aren't too many surprises. I would mention that the high-performance computing continues to be one thing that tends to keep people pretty interested, particularly when sometimes their resource constrained and want to get that through. But those are the major ones. Now the other thing is, you might -- the one place where our traditional mechanical and fluids, in particular sales got disproportionately hit was most of the Russia impact is really in those mainline flagship products. So you'd see -- we'd see a little bit of a ding there, but that was really the only thing that kind of -- that was really the main thing that stood out as being anything even quasi-anomalous.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I'll try to keep it -- it's a multi-part. I'll try to keep it slim here. So billings and bookings growth was much better than license growth. Is this mostly the mix shift to term or does it have to do with the timing of renewals. And I'll go ahead and throw in a related question, which is -- given that you're quota carriers, I think they were up 12% last year, from end of the year '12. Given that, can your bookings grow at this rate? And then I have one really one quick follow-up, if you don't mind.
James E. Cashman: Yes. Well, if first of all, if we were comparing only new customers to new customers, it would be a certain linearity to booking rates. when you're talking about add-on, the impact of HPC to already validated customers that are starting long-term rollouts facet, that's a particular -- that's really not too much of an issue. First, first question help me on the...
Maria T. Shields: Yes. Steve, Q1, if you look at bookings, has traditionally been a strong renewal period for us. It's either the beginning of the year in certain parts of the world or, in the case of Asia-Pacific, the end of the year. So Q1 and Q4 bookings are typically, heavily influenced by renewals.
James E. Cashman: And yes, to a much smaller degree, the mix shift affected that, also, likewise. And then even then, if you look at the bookings, keep in mind there's there is a phenomenon, if we look at the Apache side, where you got -- last year, we had a number of customers that they settled around the multiyear time-based license where you get that commitment and booking early on. So even though the revenue continues to project up, you may say, "Oh, looks like the bookings might have even slowed down." Last year we had a phenomenon of several multiyear deals being booked out of the Apache multi-year, time-based license model. So therefore, if you were even comparing those, you might get a little bit of perturbation. But that's really the difference between single year and multiyear kind of things.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, Jim, and just for clarification then, you know, I'm trying to parse your words in your first part of your answer. If I think about where bookings will go for the whole year and, I were to net out kind of your thinking about the mix shift and also what renewal activity was like last year. Should we expect billings and bookings to grow faster than licenses or about in line this year, kind of what's the -- what's your sense there? And then I just -- I did to add a question as well, which was how are -- just any comments on how your pipeline for sales coverage and your pipeline coverage and your close rates are trending.
James E. Cashman: Well, in general, pipeline trending is slightly up, even with the impact of the -- even accounting for the fact of the Russia stuff being now kind of clogged in the pipes, so we really don't count that as a -- we don't count that. And with regard to booking, probably a little bit advance of the actual revenue, probably expect double-digit booking growth for the year as we continued on. And keep in mind, that's even factoring in, if you will, the slight minus impact of some of the Apache business already being booked a year in advance as of last year. So actually even a little bit better when you look at that perspective.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Williams with Evercore.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask you on the indirect channel. It looks like your relative to some of the growth rates in fiscal '12, fiscal '11, slowdown fairly materially in '13, and then it was up a little bit this year over a fairly, I guess, weaker compare. So I guess is there anything going on in the direct business? I know it's about a quarter of revenue, so I was just curious for any additional color you could provide on the indirect channel.
James E. Cashman: First, you said direct is the quarter, actually indirect is the quarter, I think that's what you meant. If you look at -- first of all, there's always spot things. In trickier economies, the channel tends to feel it a little bit more. The more stable it is, the more they pace along with us. And of course, if you look at it, yes, we last year or so, a little bit more than a year ago, we opened up our own direct kind of opportunity in Russia. But we still are serviced by channel partners there. So there was a disproportionate ding on the indirect side from the Russia business. And yes, there are always elements of the business that are -- that will change by region and different cycles, but nothing too much out of the ordinary.
David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay. And then just one follow-up on the sales side of things. Can you provide any update on the search for sort of new Head of Sales and then sort of within that, obviously Japan. Much better this quarter. I'm wondering if you could sort of help quantify how much you think that was a result of some sales changes that you made there, versus just any macro impacts in that type of thing. Any color there would be great.
James E. Cashman: I'm sure the macro is going to help a lot of things, but I also have no doubt that the -- that some of the investments and the leadership enhancements that we made in that area, definitely were contributory to the aforementioned pretty good response from Asia. With regard to the other search, hey, it's going on plan. And it's going well and we have -- we've got several good finalists that both bring a nice base of both scale and experience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] As we're showing no further questions, I would like to turn the conference back over back to Mr. Cashman for any closing remarks.
James E. Cashman: Okay. So basically, in close, the -- let's see. The emphasis for Q2 and the remainder of 2014 will be continued growth, customer development, improved -- really improved execution across all parts of our business. No doubt, there's still a tremendous amount of long-term optimism driven by -- we've demonstrated several statistics here that kind of highlight the positive customer receptivity to our vision. But also the business model has been pretty resilient. If you look at the results, even with a major impact of something like Russia, so -- but that shouldn't be a surprise to anybody that's followed us through all the up and down periods of the last 10, 15, 20 years. But a lot of that is because we got really loyal customers that are adding that big growing base, our partners have been great with us for a long time. I think our technology speaks for itself and, as we mentioned on this call, with so many additions we've made there, it gets even better. And of course, even with our own adds, but also being able to add folks like from the Reaction Design and SpaceClaim team that, that team of employees really is at the heart of making all this happen is key. So -- but you know, over the short term, in this environment, we're balancing this with short-term caution, around some of the specific conditions that we mentioned even on this call. And those are the things that are largely outside of our direct control but we can manage and sail through those. So with that, I thank everybody for your time, and we'll see you next quarter.
Operator: That does conclude our conference. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-27 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Strategy Committee Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2013 Conference Call. With us today are Jim Cashman, President and CEO; and Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Cashman. Please go ahead.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Good morning. And again, thank you, everyone, for joining us to discuss ANSYS' fourth quarter and fiscal year 2013 financial results. So again, consistent with the -- our standard protocol, all of the general information and key topics relative to the quarter and the full year business results, as well as our future outlook, are included within this morning's earnings release and in the prepared remarks that we posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. So before we get started, I'll introduce Maria Shields, our CFO, for our Safe Harbor statement. Maria?
Maria T. Shields: Okay. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to remind you that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the world and our business as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. Consistent with our standard practice, during the course of the call and in the prepared remarks, we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K. And one last housekeeping item, I'd also like to remind everyone that the ANSYS team will be hosting our Annual Investor Day here in Pittsburgh on March 12 at the Fairmont Hotel. If you're interested to learn more about it, please see our website at ansys.com for further details about the event. So now, Jim, I'll turn the call back over to you.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Thanks, Maria. Well, before we get to the Q&A, I'd like to briefly highlight a few important points about our Q4 2013 results and also some key assumptions underlying our Q1 and fiscal year 2014 outlook. So I'll begin by saying that 2013 was an important year for ANSYS in many respects. We finished out the year with a steady Q4 close that was directly in line with what we said on the last call. Revenue was at the midpoint of our guidance at $236.7 million. And as we predicted, there was no appreciable year-end budget flush. Operating margins and earnings were both above the upper end of the guidance. Now will note that our Q4 earnings included $11 million of incremental tax benefits or about $0.12 per diluted share. But even without these benefits, earnings were above the high end of our range. In constant currency, that worked out to 7% revenue growth in Q4 and annual revenue growth of 9% for fiscal year 2013. We also reported constant currency revenue growth in all 3 of our major geographic regions for both the fourth quarter and the full year and in both major categories of revenue, the software license and the maintenance and service for the full year. The top line growth in turn yielded strong margins, cash flows and earnings for the quarter and the year. We finished out the year with a total deferred revenue and backlog balance of $409.5 million, which is a new record year-end high for us. In the fourth quarter, we continued to return excess cash to our stockholders through the repurchase of a little over 500 -- well, 506,000 shares, which puts us at 1.5 million shares repurchased for 2013. And as you might have seen earlier in the week, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized an increase to our existing program to a total of 3 million shares. So we're committed to continuing to repurchase shares in 2014 as one element for effectively deploying capital. I will note though, strategic acquisitions remain our top priority for this, however. So in December, we heightened our dedication to partnering with our customers to achieve their visions by delivering ANSYS 15. This release provided a number of new and advanced multiphysics capability that were seamlessly brought together within the ANSYS Workbench environment. It's really a key milestone in delivering a simulation-driven product development that we've been talking about for a number of quarters and years. It's built on that platform that streamlines the workflow among different simulation applications, so it's really allowing us to keep on our path of redefining comprehensive simulation. And I think this puts us in a unique position to continue to increase footprint with our -- in our extensive installed base. Without a doubt, the depth and breadth of our simulation capabilities, coupled with the power and scalability of the Workbench platform, allows us to expand relationships, as well as solve new classes of problems at enterprise, at SMB and start-up levels. So as we look back on our progress over the course of 2013, we continue to make some important strides with a vast and pretty broad array of customers spread across all geographies and industries. We're continuing to see the growing importance of product innovation, integrity and quality as being the really critical business issues requiring the use of advanced simulation and driving our prospects. I think if we take one little -- some other pieces of data here, it's evidenced by 33 customers in Q4 with orders in excess of $1 million. And actually, for 2013, we had 4 customers with orders above the $10 million range. So these are customer relationships that have been built over many years and, in some cases, many decades. And we'll continue to work to grow those relationships over time. The key customer engagements are at the heart of what drives us in both our internal R&D roadmap, as well as those acquisitions that we'll be pursuing. Most recent example, of course, being the addition of EVEN and Reaction Design, which were small technology add-ins to the ANSYS family. So everything that we accomplished in 2013 is largely aligned with what we discussed as key priorities and commitments at Investor Day last March, and we'll spend some time updating you at our event in the next couple of weeks. So really, the key point here is there should be no doubt that driving double-digit organic top line growth has been and will continue to be one of our key areas of focus we as we enter into 2014. The array of global uncertainties and customer caution throughout 2013 posed challenges, but there were also some internal execution issues. We've discussed these on previous calls, and we've been diligently addressing those, particularly in our Asia-Pacific business. So we've made some important leadership changes for the region overall. In addition, over the last few months, we've added new sales leaders and other assets in Japan and India. And we're certain we believe that these are critical steps toward building a foundation for improved growth and customer engagement in the future, but they'll take some time to bear fruit. So really, the result of all this is that we've initiated our outlook on revenue and EPS for Q1. So we've got this at non-GAAP revenue in the range of $212 million to $220 million and EPS in the $0.73 to $0.76 range. We've also reiterated and expanded our fiscal year 2014 outlook with non-GAAP revenue in the range of $939 million to $969 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $3.25 to $3.37. So there's more details around currency rate and other key assumptions that are contained in those prepared remarks that we posted on our Investor Relations homepage earlier this morning. From a qualitative perspective, our Q1 guidance takes into account a few 7-figure deals, which can easily slip from one quarter to another, but still fall in that year. As the year progresses, we see a ramp-up of growth rates based primarily around 3 key factors. First, we're cognizant of the fact that our relatively new sales leadership team in Asia-Pacific will need some time to ramp up and for us to see some impact on the top line as the year progresses. Second, we've seen expanding global pipeline and forecast numbers. And finally, even some of the early stage ramp-up of our expanding on-demand options, both for private and public clouds, the latter actually was featured in the high-performance computing track of IBM's recent event regarding their platform computing cloud services. So in conclusion, while there are certain compelling certainties that continue to drive us, the first is long-term confidence in the vision that we've been pursuing. The second is our commitment to invest from a long-term perspective in the realization of that vision. This can be seen in the investments that we made in 2013 and continue into 2014. So with this in mind, as always, we'll continue to be cognizant of the short-term realities, and we'll factor them into our business plans and guidance as we go forward. So with that, we'll now open up the phone lines to take any questions that you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to drill into Japan. So if you set aside for a moment the kind of sales execution issues, we're seeing very kind of choppy results from a number of different companies if we kind of look at design broadly. Just wondering what you're seeing from just the end market demand and interest level separate of the sales force items.
James E. Cashman: Well we're seeing -- well, obviously, we're seeing the same kind of choppiness, and some of it is macro. And as we've talked about it, we think that some of it were things that we could do in response to that overall standpoint. So we talked about that. We talked about even the structural changes that we made the end of last year that will take some time to ramp up. With that being said, obviously, the government changes and some of the different policy changes, we'll have to see how those map out. There's no doubt that most notably I'd say that we've seen the electronics industry being challenged as that plays out on the global stage, and I think those are the things that are obvious to everybody so we don't need to really -- we can go into them, but I don't think we need to here. On the other hand though, we have been seeing some -- we have been seeing the signs of some pickup in Japan. And it's still going to be -- it's a long tie. You'll feel it'll take time to get out of that, but particularly in the industrials and the automotive sectors, just to pick a couple of those. So yes, we're seeing some of the same things, but we're at least seeing some glimmers of hope as opposed to a continuing stagnation or decline.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then my one follow-up would be, in terms of the Reaction acquisition, can you give us a little bit more color there and, especially, a little insight as to how much revenue is being included here for 2014?
James E. Cashman: Well there's -- first of all, there's very little revenue. It's pretty de minimis. It's along the lines of a plus or minus kind of in the $4 million kind of range. The real key thing is that, as we've mentioned over the last couple of years, there's been a lot of -- we talked a lot about automotive over the last couple years. Obviously, there's one element that relates to hybrid, but there's also things that relate to conventional internal combustion engines. We've also talked about the same thing when it comes to power generation and diesel engines and all the new clean standards going on. And we've also talked about the importance in the aero industry for increased fuel efficiency. What that's led us to is increasing demands. Remember I talked about ANSYS 15 being driven by our collaboration with partners. Well sometimes, that collaboration with partners is not about the next release. It's about developing capabilities that are not only for this year, but need -- are going to be growing items over the next few years. And obviously, one part of increased efficiency when you're talking about increasing the CAFE standards of automobiles, when you're talking about reducing fuel costs for airlines and things like that, it gets into the general field of combustion. And combustion now starts to bring in the chemical reaction of thermodynamics simulations in addition to some of the other ones that we've done, and it's part of that overall system modeling strategy. So with this, we've gotten what we think is the best technology going forward. We -- more importantly, we've gotten some really great expertise that will augment what we had inside and is a very difficult thing to find out. But we're -- I mean, we're working with customers specifically right now. And in particular, as you might guess by some of the industries that I've mentioned, these are key customers. These are global leading customers and they're the ones that are driving the next band of technology. And that's really what's behind it. So it's much more of a technology, people and long-term growth play with our customers than opposed to, clearly, a revenue thing, which at this point is relatively minimal.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Ashley of Robert W. Baird & Co.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: You referenced in your comments that you would look for improving growth next year, and one of the things you did was just improve pipeline, improve forecast. With Sterling's question, you talked about Japan may be seeing a little bit of encouragement in the pipe there. Are you seeing -- maybe you could expand that a little bit and talk about are you seeing it in other markets as well.
James E. Cashman: What you -- by other markets, I assume you mean outside of Japan or you mean outside of...
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes.
James E. Cashman: Okay, okay, thanks. So no, the bottom line is one thing is, yes, we have seen the numbers improve. We've seen positive signs. However, when we've been talking about something that is as important as Japan and some of these markets going forward, we're -- it'll be a long-term proof of the pudding. And we should see -- we should -- but we should see that kind of ramp-up that we've been -- that we're seeing right now, but that should apply to Japan. Japan is a very important market to us. Yes, as mentioned on previous calls, it's an economic cycle kind of in flux and everybody's going through different issues. Nevertheless, it is a particularly important market. If we look at other aspects, basically -- quite frankly, there's a mixed bag across many things. You can sit there and we can look at parts of the U.S. market and say "Well, defense spending is going in this direction, but other things are going in other directions." If we look at Asia, you'll find if you look at a lot of things, if you can pierce the veil of the numbers of the Chinese macro situation, you can see that there a lot of things at play there. There's a lot of potential, but there's a lot of question marks. Likewise India, but we're seeing positive signs in each of those. There's always a lot of discussion about Europe, but we've -- our mainstays at Europe have been doing very well. Europe's been growing well with us. And apart from anything that might be happening within an intra-euro GDP, we're still driven by global-leading companies that are competing on the world market, not just within a euro bubble. With that being said though, we also see that some of the emerging markets in there that there's positive. But again, with any emerging market, there can be spurts and lags and things like that. And those are all factored into our forecast. So I think we're very much in the standpoint of some of our new capabilities, some of our investments are starting to show positive signs, but there are fits and starts across all parts of the global economy. And but based on the things we have, that's why we still see this discontinued ramp-up, which, of course, is then factored in to the guidance that we have going forward.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. Now that you referenced your on-demand options that you've been offering gaining more traction. And you've talked about them in the past, can you refresh us as to what they are and how that's playing out?
James E. Cashman: Yes, absolutely. And I will tell you, just like the Internet boom of the late 90s, and just like anything that's really spinning up there, there is -- there are these cycles of hype, followed by disillusionment, followed by reality, followed by growth. I mean, it's a pretty interesting dynamic if you look at anything that's entered the market. But as we've mentioned, there -- a lot of this is how you provide increased availability to customers. Now embedded in that is people have to be comfortable that -- and certain applications fit the model currently better than others. Simulation due to its high compute intensity, high bandwidth, sensitivity over the data that's in there and also the fact that the non-predictability of cost of a certain simulation. That changes kind of the commercialization model. Nevertheless, the things that we've been involved -- of course, as you know, we've had a Software-as-a-Service offering since way past -- over 10 years and running. But this is a different evolution of that. When I talk about the on-demand, it comes in a couple of different flavors. Note that I said private and public. Now the private gets around the issues of the unpredictability of the -- well, it mutes the unpredictability of cost and it handles the security issues. But what that is, is where customers may say, I'm going to embed a number of licenses, but I've got periods of peaks and valleys and things like that. I'd like to host the ability to kind of like pay for my steady state. But then if I want access to it, I want to have ready access to it and I'll pay almost -- I don't -- I hate to use this term, but like an electric-meter basis, but it's on-demand as I need it. And so we've actually engaged with some customers on that to come up with those plans. On the public side, think of it as version 3.0 of the old SaaS offering, where, actually, we launched it many years ago. We have several partners throughout the globe that also provide their own hosted on-demand applications through a public type of cloud. But then, as I mentioned just recently, we've been working with many leading companies, but there was one event just recently related to IBM's platform computing cloud services. And there were white papers and things like that available on the IBM website. Actually, we have copies, yes. So I mean, there's actually one here that basically is a white paper IBM application-ready solutions for ANSYS. So it's really based on an architecture that allows those things to have access. Now again, this will be one of those things where, first, it becomes available, and then people become getting used to it, and then they figure out what it means, and then they go through all the budget stuff and all the things that normally happen any time a company adopts something new. Nevertheless, it is one of those things that ramp up. And the reason we -- the reason we point that out is that, long-term, it's a very good thing no matter at what level it progresses. But we may have one of those things where someone that might have been thinking about buying in the short term, might have been thinking about buying a perpetual license. You might see them rolling with this. So you might see things where the lease numbers might go up. And the bottom line is if we get more users utilizing the software, increase the availability, to us, it's really just removing one barrier to people being able to get their wheels rolling on adoption. I'm sorry I went a little bit long, but since there are multiple dimensions to that, I just wanted to parse it into different sections.
Operator: Our next question is from Ross MacMillan of Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Jim, just trying to square what you said about some signs of improvement with one metric or a couple of metrics that we look at, which is looking at underlying billings and underlying bookings of the business, which don't look as if they've inflected yet. And normally, those would potentially be leading indicators because of your business model. I guess, the question is, if we don't see it in the aggregate bookings number, is it visible, if you could sort of parse that by regions or geographies? So, for example, if you look to the U.S., are you seeing that inflection already and we just don't see it because of the blended effect? Or maybe you could help me understand that.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well there's a couple of things. So for instance, if I start at micro and then we can expand out, if I look at Japan, we talked about the structural changes. We put those in place the latter part of the year. Keep in mind, Japan cycles tend to run a little bit off-skew of a normal calendar year. So Q4 is typically a really huge number -- Q4, I'm sorry, is their Q3, and it tends to be one of those little kind of dips in there. So we would expect to start to see maybe that first sign of things, given a little bit of maturity of the new assets we have in place there, combined with normal cycles in more in that -- this current quarter and upcoming quarter range, okay? So that's one thing. And it may sound like I'm always focusing on one market, but given the fact that Japan is in the teens in terms of total business for us, it can be pretty important. The second thing is, think in terms -- now we talked about what the choppiness might mean in terms of, as you get these bigger and bigger deals, and we said "Hey, some might lift a couple of weeks just because it takes that long to get through the internal paper cycle of a customer," that really doesn't affect anything even though it might appear to -- it's trying to equate the temperature on a given day with climate type of thing. So you have to kind of balance and integrate over the time frame. So when that happens, it's also happening on the bookings. Keep in mind there's a couple of things that are happening. First of all, the numbers are getting larger, so the lumpiness can affect -- can seem to affect things. The other thing is deals -- some of the bookings, as evidenced by some of the changes that we've done in some of our reporting to highlight short-term and long-term backlog and deferred revenues, remember we've had discussions on that the last few quarters, because of this trending partially driven by Apache and partially driven by some other customers for longer-term bookings. You may get now this lumpiness on a booking basis that can actually expand over multiple years. I mean, those would be my initial takes on that. I know -- Maria, do you have -- I mean...
Maria T. Shields: I think that covers it.
James E. Cashman: Okay, okay. So does that make sense, Ross?
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Yes, that's helpful. It definitely helps my thought process. Maybe one, just maybe for Maria. So just curious, obviously, when we came into '13, you had a revenue guide, which you ended up doing slightly less, but there was a fairly significant foreign exchange shift against you. But on earnings, you obviously did better. And this goes back to a margin -- I guess, predominantly a margin question, which is, how do you think you fared in terms of your hiring plans or your cost structure in '13? And as you think about '14, how are you thinking about hiring? And what's going to change, if you will, to '13 with regard to cost structure growth?
James E. Cashman: Hey, Ross, I'm going to butt in and let Maria think about that. The one thing I want to say is if you look at that, if you look at -- first of all, because Maria might not say this, but on the G&A side, we've been very, very effective and efficient, okay? But with that, because of that, even though we kept the margin strong, if you look at the last few years, we've actually continued to increase our R&D spending as a percentage. We've also talked about the increasing emphasis that we put on both the -- on both sides of the customer-facing aspect, the sales and support aspect. So we still have been able to continue to increase investment in what we think are the long-standing billing aspects. So, I mean, I just want to jump in. Maria, go, if you have anything.
Maria T. Shields: Yes, Ross, I will say that no doubt hiring -- and we talked about this throughout the course of many quarters now, hiring continues to be a challenge in certain areas. Just given the uniqueness of what we are looking for on -- but we are continuing and if you go and look at the website, you'll see there are many open positions. We are continuing to try to ramp up our hiring, as Jim mentioned, on particularly early in the year, relative to our customer-facing assets. Jim talked about some of the changes that we've made in Q4 and coming into Q1 relative to Asia-Pacific. So -- and if you take a look at our guidance for Q1, you'll see that the margins are slightly muted in anticipation of some of that hiring and the fact that we've added Reaction Design, which is not going to be a positive contribution to the margin early on, and a couple of events that we've had that we have already had in Q1 around our international sales conferences. So all of that's kind of factored into the lower margin.
James E. Cashman: But that's comparable to what we had last year.
Maria T. Shields: Yes, but we are...
James E. Cashman: I mean, in terms of...
Maria T. Shields: Yes, we are going to continue to invest because the reality is we totally understand the long-term opportunity, and there are things we have to invest in now to make sure that we can capture that opportunity as the market's ready for it.
James E. Cashman: And, Ross, the only thing, I think -- I know we've said this before, but since Maria mentioned the fact that, yes, it's a continual difficult hiring environment, but the other thing is because we don't view this as being something to help us get through a 1-year need. This is a -- to us, this is a 10-year building process. And because of that, we have to look at building from strength. And so when you tend to be a little pickier on the quality of people, it tends to take a little bit longer. That's a continuing reason for that.
Operator: Our next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, you've mentioned a number of your key vertical markets, such as automotive, and that ties directly to the question I'd like to ask first, which is when we do the arithmetic on how much of your business is coming from some of your specific verticals, and you target 11 in all, it looks like you're somewhat dependent on a handful of those markets, at least recently for growth. It looks like electronics and semis together by far your largest business now did pretty well again in Q4 and for the year as a whole. Automotive looks like it did okay. Industrial equipment looks like it came back from an easy comp a year ago and from earlier last year. But would it be fair to say that you are somewhat tied to a relatively small number of verticals that need to do well for you? And how are you thinking about that into 2014 and perhaps, to correlate that, if you could, to some of your specific functional areas in terms of the mechanical and fluids businesses? Then a follow-up.
James E. Cashman: Well, keep in mind, the -- first of all, one thing if you look -- if we look at different trends, one thing the semi and the electronics together really doesn't work if you look historically with our buying things. So if you -- I mean, I guess, if you lump together enough things, you can come up with a really big number. But in reality, electronics gets into a whole range of different things from consumer electronics to diagnostics to a range of that. And those things will happen even if there might be a down-trending in the -- in various chip things [ph]. However, chip, there's a number of a big push now for, if you look at the communication standards, if you look at the dropping into the lower nanometer ranges, if you look at the ongoing requirements for power and stability and things like that, it continues on. But the one thing, since you broached over into other physics, keep in mind, when we mention a major electronics company, and I don't want to mention any specific one by name. But it's not just electronics stuff. They're worried about structural vibration. They're worried about thermal. They're worried about -- so they tend to be big customers from the electromagnetic side, from the electronics side, from the fluids and mechanical side. So they really are -- and in fact in some cases, they actually become the leaders, if you will, in pushing the multiphysics because of the short design cycles that they have, the rapid product obsolescence and generational turnovers of products and the like. So with that standpoint, the other thing I'd say is even if you see percentages, even when we talk about growth in one industry, we're usually talking about relative growth because it's -- apart from the defense sector, it's hard to think of an industry where we have an industrial decline. Now if we talk about the energy sector, we've talked about how oil may rise, and the oil and petroleum industries may rise and fall, but those ultimately tend to be replaced by alternate energy, by wind, sometimes nuclear. But depending upon, if you will, political and other kinds -- and environmental kind of concerns, those can change. So it's kind of like -- and that's why you never see the sector of the pie really swing by manic amounts. I mean, when we see growth in the industry, it might -- that might creep from 13% up to 14% or 15%, but you don't see these manic kind of swings.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Understood. My follow-up has to do with Apache, which has clearly been a very significant source of incremental revenue and growth for you since you bought them, including last year. And looks like they're now, and correct me if I'm wrong, at about an $80 million or so revenue run rate per year. But historically, within the EDA market, which you're now in with them, it'd be very difficult for a specialty company in that market to get much past $100 million of revenue when they address this very specific niche as they do, and they already have half of their addressed category as best we can tell. So is it your expectation that the growth from Apache will necessarily have to slow, as well as they've done just because of the somewhat natural limitations of the end markets? And if that were to occur, what other brand or functional areas you think might be able to compensate?
James E. Cashman: Well, first of all, natural tendencies like you say, yes, those have been observed over the decades in the industry. Second of all, clearly as denominators get larger, the standard if we're going that changes. So yes, I would think you would look at that, but still being a strong part of our business, if you look at the long-term customer relationships, if you look at the strengthening relationships, I mean, actually there's probably more involved in the different ebbs and flows of specific winners and losers in the customer industry space than that. However, your premise is not faulty in terms of generalities, but if you talk about now bridging beyond just the -- primarily a heavy chip focus and starting to blend that into how it interacts and trades off with other things, we're actually -- in the first couple years we really helped -- we tried to help progress the business but also not impede the natural flow of it. Over the last year, and we talked about this last year, we're now starting to branch into the combination of getting away from a heavy chip orientation to a chip package system orientation. When you get the package system, all of a sudden you get to now component suppliers, you get into systems, you get into OEMs and you get into broader range of things. Now those will take some time to gestate, but the good news is we're already on the road of doing that and working with a couple of -- adding new customers to the base. So there was an element of maintaining their own internal trajectory. Second of all, linking between places where both they and we were strong. And the third phase of this is now introducing these kind of capabilities into an overall system multiphysics kind of approach. And that's really kind of the generational phase that we're in now. But again, if we just went status quo and did nothing and did nothing to leverage it, yes, your basic premises are what's happened many times in the industry.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Koenig of Wedbush Securities.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Let's see, I guess, I'll ask 2 here. So my first question, I don't want to beat a dead horse, but I do want to clarify -- verify something here on electronics. Jim, in your remarks, you alluded to the idea that electronics is difficult right now. And then in Jay's question, it sounds as if you're saying it's actually doing as good or maybe even better than other sectors. Can you just clarify how is that doing globally [indiscernible]?
James E. Cashman: Well the other second part of what you said, when I was talking to Jay, I was answering globally. The earlier comment you're talking to might have been when I was saying we were -- I was focusing on Japan.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. So it is doing pretty well globally compared to the other sectors?
James E. Cashman: Yes, yes. But like I said in Japan -- but the Japan thing I was saying, that wasn't an ANSYS Japan-specific thing. That was a… [Technical Difficulty] But on the Japan thing, we were noting that while automotive and industrial and some other sectors were starting to show some begrudging improvement, the electronics is one that on a global stage we've seen the traditional Japanese dominance being somewhat supplanted by other regions of the world. And we in turn have felt some of those effects ourselves in Japan. So that's maybe the differential if I'm hearing you right.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. Yes, so I'll ask one follow-up and then I'll mute here. Talk a little bit about the logic of the share repurchases. It looks as if it's becoming more regular. So is that kind of what we should expect going forward? And how does that relate to your priorities for the use of cash?
James E. Cashman: Well, like I tried to say in some of the talking bullets -- I might have not done it as well as I like, but strategic acquisitions continues to be our #1. But again, when it's strategic, then there's lot of factors actually bringing those in. It's not just -- I mean, it's not just piling anything on that we can. But with that in mind, we also -- if you look at as we've increased our own scale the cash flows are pretty healthy, and there are a number of ways that we'd like to return that element there. So what we were really signaling was that this continues to be a strong albeit secondary element of our shareholder return strategy. We're not going to let too much pile up. We're always cognizant of what we might be doing over the next upcoming quarters and years on acquisitions. But so we have to be mindful of that. But the other thing is that we've always said that we're going to do it very studiously and pragmatically. And when the markets are volatile, it tends to provide -- it provides a multitude of opportunities, and we try to fit in with those amidst the volume trading restrictions and blackout periods and things like that. But it just becomes -- really, I guess, it's just more of the same, but in this particular environment, there were more opportunities and we were -- if we look at the long-term prospects, it was a good supplemental use of our cash. Maria, do you have -- if you want to add anything that you think I...
Maria T. Shields: Yes, and I'll just say as to reiterate to Jim's point, we are going to continue to pursue acquisitions. Some of them will be larger in nature, but those tend to take a little bit longer to gestate and bring together because I think if you look historically, we believe that's what's provided the greatest stockholder value. But we are also cognizant that there are times in the market where the price is extremely attractive and given our cash position, that we feel it's a really good opportunity to offset some of the dilution from our own equity grants and to return some cash to our stockholders.
James E. Cashman: And of course, the other thing is, I mean, we'll also say that some of the valuations are tending to be -- even looking at recent news, can tend to be pretty all over the map. So that always tends to complicate the process.
Operator: Our next question is from Evan Clark [ph] of Canaccord Genuity.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: It's actually Richard Davis. Hey, how do you think about the mix of when you're kind of thinking about kind of you're talking about growing the business faster and things like that? I mean, part of it is seat count growth, part of it is selling to existing people more stuff. Is it 50-50 or how do you think about that because, typically, the number of engineers grows, I don't know, 3% a year or something like that?
James E. Cashman: Right, yes. And keep in mind, there's -- in our mind, it's not so much the number of engineers growing, but there's a latent pool of engineers that would be able to get to that. Now actually, I think we'll talk about a little bit at Investor Day coming up, just as a cheap teaser. But if you look at it, yes, the cross-selling is one aspect. That tends to take longer because that has more organizational barriers versus traditional silos of usage. We've talked about high-performance computing, the intensity aspect. That one has been growing quite a bit as people were a little reticent to -- or hesitant to hold -- to hire new people. But the new users and, as I mentioned, we start to see that now over the past couple of years when things were a little bit slower. We talked about the fact that the enterprise customers were growing a little bit more. We're starting to see more surge -- not surge. That's a strong word. We're seeing more of a pickup in the SMB, and even in some of the introductory levels. And that's where some of the -- in addition to our traditional ways, where starting to crack the sieve a little bit with the on-demand for private and even moving into public provides a little bit more. I think what you'll see continually is that the multiphysics will probably pick up a little bit more over the next 2, 3 years than it did. And I think number of users also will see -- start to pick up also. I mean, the biggest issues right now, and we've talked about this for a couple years, is really now that the technology has kind of proven itself and the leaders have demonstrated the value of it, but now you get to the point of organizations' abilities to actually bring it in. And that gets to process changes and sometimes, organizational adjustments. And those are some of the things that tend to be ones that we have to work through. But that's the way that I prioritize them right now.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Schappel of Benchmark.
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Jim, back to Reaction Design. They appear to have a particular focus in combustion reactions, internal combustion engines. And I was just wondering if their technology would be transferable to other chemistry-based areas like, say, that sort of continuous reactors?
James E. Cashman: No, no, absolute -- well I don't know about that particular one, but we've -- I've even talked to them over the last few weeks about you look at some of the -- you look at another hot topic is like battery. I mean, there's some different physics and different phase-related things. But we look at -- there's a lot of chemical reaction going on in there. It's just that the expertise has been built up in the customer. I mean, any small company has to focus their assets to what makes the most sense. That also tends to highly align with where our short-term growth aspects are going on. But the one thing that I think is undeniable is just like a few years ago, people thought we were a little bit loopy for trying to combine the mechanical and electronics world. And I think we've kind of demonstrated the early phases of that. And then people said, "Well, why are you doing embedded software?" And I think we've started to show some of that. I think now you look at some of these other aspects, I'm not sure exactly what order we'll be attacking some of these things, but I know teams are already looking at this overall aspect of saying, "Well now, let's look at the chemical reaction world and kind of combine that with the physics world because that does play a major factor in the performance and the environmental issues related to complete systems." And after all, we're about complete virtual prototyping. So I mean it all plays in, but right now, we've got a short-term need that we can harvest over the next 2 or 3 years. And we've got a base of people that can actually start to crack the next set of nuts based on what our customer base will tend to want to partner with us on because some of these things will be advanced research, and we'll want to take our pure calculational aspects and combine that with things that they've experienced in the field and problems that they're trying to solve. But yes, we will see that move on right now, but that's something that we can develop over the next few years. But again, think of this as one more branch of science that goes into improving product quality. And it just happens to be driven by a couple of very topical, important issues that companies are struggling with right now. And they happen to be our top customers.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Williams of Evercore.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just, I think, kind of one for me. You mentioned some of the success you've had in getting those 4 customers over to $1 million in annual spend. And I know increasing users and increasing your footprint in some of the larger accounts has been a focus for a while. So I'm just wondering how transferable or repeatable are some of the steps that you're doing to sort of really step up usage within some of the larger accounts? How does that opportunity look over time and, I guess, sort of how repeatable is sort of the sales motion around that?
James E. Cashman: Okay. Bottom line is, I mean, I can say, and people who know me know I don't say this very often, but I'm like 100% certain that it's transferable. I mean, let's say it's 99.97% or how many sigma you want to throw in there. The big question is time. And that relates sometimes -- sometimes, that relates to governmental and regulatory pressures being put on. Sometimes, it's related to competitive velocity in there. Sometimes, it's related to the individual company and the mindset. Some companies will go after this very defensively and quick to follow, and others will go at it -- seize it as a competitive advantage. So the applicability, let's just say, it's incredibly broad-based. Now the other thing I'd say is, building up to that level, it tends to go over time. And most of the time we're talking about 7-figure customers, we're talking about people that have just built up and they tend to be -- continue to repeat and then gradually people get over on the -- over time, then that has given rise to the advent, which is totally new to us for getting into 8-figure customers. The only thing I would say is on the 8-figure customers, it's a very small sample size. One can do that with a huge paid-up license in 1 year, and it may not repeat. They may just be only a high 7-figure one next year. But it would still be a growing base going forward. So I'd just put that caveat in there for people that think that just everything statistically goes up. The net massing of that is still positive. We actually see more and more customers starting to move into that range, but it is a long process. All of those big customers I talked about, most of them we've been building for 10, 15 or maybe even more years, if you count the first seed planting going on. And I would say right now, there still is a large, large part of our market that is still somewhat transactional based. I mean, there are still a large part of our customer base that is highly focused around a single physics. I'd say an increasing number of them are saying, "Well, you know, we like the endgame of how these things can all play together," and that's tended to increase our prospects. But if you look at the reality -- and that's some of the things we'll try to dig into a little bit more and with the advantage of some graphics at the Investor Day.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Great, that's helpful. I appreciate the color. Maybe just one quick one on Esterel. I know you guys have been fairly measured in how you go to your customers with that product. How -- and I know the reception has been very positive. So just maybe a quick update there and then maybe how you're thinking about driving that business going forward.
James E. Cashman: So the bottom line is they've been growing faster than the company average. The bottom line is we've been investing a little bit higher than the company average, as you correctly noted. And for conscious reasons that we did was we didn't want to swamp our entire organization over their limited but growing support base and actually paralyze them. So we had taken targeted accounts in different regions. We had put where places where we had prequalified opportunities going forward. I'll tell you, those things have progressed really well. I mean, not every one of them was a hit, but we had a lot of success, and that's borne out in every metric we can do. So what do we do in this next year? Well, we've actually kind of expanded that footprint. But now we're tending to build capacity to be able to fill up with that. But we're still doing it on a targeted basis. I mean, it's really kind of, if you will, it's just now the next plateau of something that we've kind of outlined a few quarters ago when we were first talking about coming in league with Esterel.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Maybe more a request than a question. We still got lots of questions over what the active user base looks like. Didn't know if you could comment here or if that might be something you can dive into at the Analyst Day, but that would be great.
James E. Cashman: Well, I think I would like to try to dive in because, I mean, apart from the stuff that we've been telling you, I don't want to just kind of, like, guess numbers here. And the other thing is the one, as I've mentioned over previous years, when everybody talks about installed base and user counts and things like that, that somewhat tends to be -- people tend to use different metrics for it and it tends to be the abused kind of aspect. So I'm not even sure how to really parse that down, but I don't want to just start spinning out numbers here. But I understand the issue, it's not a -- I mean, we know it's large. We know it's -- I guess, I'm really not sure how we actually count when we have package seats and things like that. The enterprise pricing model and availability, the on-demand aspects tend to make it very difficult. So I think it's one of those ones that can't be covered in a quick question on the call. But I've heard the request and what we'll try to do is at least come up with a more evolved representation of what some of these things mean and start to pick that up starting with the Investor Day and try to build that up over time. I mean, I understand the issue.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Now that would be great. And even if it's the active licenses because we know that you've got users out there that are using multiple licenses to try to run multiple simulations, et cetera. So we're not trying to -- we just want to see what that active base looks like.
James E. Cashman: Understood. No, it's not an unreasonable request. It's just there'll be so many conditions of saying here's how we define things, here's how it maps up, here's how we count and things like that. So if we just give a number right now, maybe 90% of the people here will probably misinterpret it or apply a different filter to view it.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Cashman for any closing remarks.
James E. Cashman: Well, I don't know what else I can say after that question, I think. But again, thanks, everybody, for bearing through the Q&A session. But thanks, actually, thanks for the questions. In closing, what else can I say? 2013, another solid year for ANSYS, closed it out as we predicted. If you haven't guessed already and then the questions may have helped us, we're excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for 2014 and beyond. Again, acknowledge there are going to be challenges along the way, not unlike 2013. But as always, the one thing we will say there is going to be a continued focus on technological expansion, differentiation of technology, as well as our operational execution, earnings growth, customer engagement. But again, the emphasis for 2014 will be that focus on driving towards that top line double-digit growth. So what's been with us for all the years we've been talking about this. We're continued to be propelled by a long, strong combination of our long-term vision. I think the business model has proven itself through a number of different conditions. Obviously, we've got these loyal customers who are growing with us. The partners have been with us for decades. Obviously, the technology speaks for itself and, of course, the exceptional employees that -- and team that have actually made all that possible over many decades. So actually, thank you for joining us this morning. Look forward to seeing many of you at our upcoming Investor Day here in Pittsburgh, or we'll catch you the next cycle around at the next call. Thanks again.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-07 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Strategy Committee Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ANSYS Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jim Cashman. Please go ahead.
James E. Cashman: Okay, thanks. Good morning, and again, thanks, everyone, for joining us to discuss ANSYS' third quarter 2013 financial results. So, consistent standard protocol bookkeeping, all the information and key topics that are relative to the quarter and the full-year business results, and also our future outlook, are included in this morning's earnings release and in the prepared remarks that we've posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. So before we get started, I'll introduce Maria Shields, our CFO, for our Safe Harbor statement. Take it away, Maria.
Maria T. Shields: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I'd just like to remind you that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. Unless otherwise indicated, during the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K. So, Jim, I turn it back over to you.
James E. Cashman: Okay, thanks. Let's see. Before we get into Q&A, I'd like to briefly highlight a few key points around our Q3 and year-to-date results, and also share some thoughts regarding our outlook for the remainder of 2013, and an advanced peek at this fiscal year 2014. So let's start by saying that Q3 was another quarter we delivered -- in which we delivered our commitments, and despite the persistence of the macroeconomic issues that continue to challenge not only us but our customers as well. We finished out the quarter slightly above the midrange of our guidance, with revenue of $213.4 million or 9% constant currency growth, and beyond the high end of our range on earnings. So actually reflecting back on the comparable quarter a year ago, this was a very similar outcome relative to our final results versus our guidance and unfortunately, many of our predictions that I've made at that time around the challenging economic backdrop and the noticeable lengthening of procurement cycle extending into 2013, they have, in fact, remained with us throughout the past 9 months. And unfortunately, those same predictions are what we're currently seeing ahead of us as we move into finishing out Q4 of fiscal year 2013, and we're really not assuming any major uplifts into 2014. So for the third quarter and year-to-date in constant currency, we delivered 9% and 10% revenue growth, respectively. In Q3, we reported double-digit revenue growth to both North America and Europe, with albeit slower but still positive constant currency growth in Asia-Pacific. The top line performance in turn yielded strong margins, cash flows and earnings for the quarterly and year-to-date periods. During the quarter, we saw a disproportionate growth in leases as compared to paid-up licenses. Our maintenance business also continued to be strong with 13% constant currency growth in Q3 and a 15% year-to-date. So both of these factors contributed to our deferred revenue and backlog balance growing significantly faster than our reported revenue. These results were indicative of both solid renewal rates and a healthy 72% recurring revenue rate for the quarter. We finished out the quarter with total deferred and backlog balance of just over $360 million. Our Q3 non-GAAP EPS of $0.83 included approximately $4.8 million or $0.05 of incremental tax benefits. But even excluding these benefits, we still exceeded the high end of our guidance range for earnings. On a year-to-date basis, we reported non-GAAP EPS of $2.31. So as we look back on the progress over the third quarter and the first 9 months of 2013, we continue to make important strides with a vast array of customers spread across geographies and industries. We continue to see the importance of product innovation, integrity and quality as critical business issues requiring the use of advanced simulation. And just one example, in automotive, we've seen strong R&D investments continuing globally, led by sustainability and smart systems development, in addition to increasing utilization of electronics and embedded software for safety, performance and entertainment. But even with that mind, across most industries, growth is really being driven by 4 major factors: First and foremost is just the increasing product complexity; second, is the need for localization that we're seeing in different geographic markets; next, any product segment linked to the trends in mobility are quite strong; and then finally, as I've also mentioned in automotive, the increased proliferation of electronics and software into our customers' products. So those 4 factors seem to be the canonical reasons for driving of growth. So all of these areas drive the increased interest and need for our unique multiphysics capabilities, and in each of these cases the rapid understanding of the extremely complex problems, the necessity of a high degree of fidelity and accuracy, all of these are key tenets of the ANSYS vision and strategy. And this vision is probably key because it's been in place for many years. It's predicated on the ability to virtually simulate increasingly complex complete systems that are comprised of mechanical, electrical and software components. So for those of you who are interested in additional depth, there's a wealth of content regarding our portfolio solutions and customer uses across a broad range of industries that we serve, and those are all on our website, at ansys.com. Okay. So with the Q3 behind us, we look to close out the final quarter of 2013. No doubt about the global uncertainty and customer cautions and the challenges they pose for us and many companies in our industries. And from what we're currently seeing and hearing from our customers, those challenges will continue into the foreseeable future. That being said, our outlook for Q4 is non-GAAP revenue in the range of $234 million to $240 million, with EPS of $0.79 to $0.82. This translates into non-GAAP revenue for the full year of $863.2 million and to a high of $869.2 million and EPS in the range of $3.10 to $3.13. So netting all that out, this is essentially a slight increase to the floor and a narrowing of the range for revenue, and an increase in their earnings outlook to take into account the strength of our Q3 results. I will say that we have anticipated no significant year-end budget flush that's to factor into our Q4 outlook, but as always, if that does happen to do it, that should be upside for us. We've also initiated a preliminary outlook on revenue and EPS for our fiscal year 2014, and this consists of non-GAAP revenue in the range of $935 million to $965 million and EPS in the $3.25 to $3.37 range. More details around currency rate and other key assumptions are contained in those prepared remarks that we posted on our Investor Relations homepage early this morning that I mentioned at the beginning of the call. For purposes of today's discussions, since 2013 is not over yet, we'll stay at a very high level on the 2014 assumptions. We're in the process of prioritizing and finalizing all the details around hiring, capital and overall areas of investment for 2014. We'll provide more details and additional insights on the Q4 earnings call in February. Now from a qualitative perspective, our current guidance takes into account the uncertainty that has persisted in various geographies throughout the world, and also an assumption of a continued level of spending discipline by our customers and it really continues to add variability around the predictability and timing of deal closings. The biggest realities of today's environments and there are things that can and will happen and we have no control over it. However, there are a couple of things that we are certain of. The first is the long-term confidence in the vision that's been our passion for more than a decade. And second is our commitment to invest from a long-term perspective in the realization of that vision. So with that in mind, we'll continue to be cognizant of all the short-term realities that get us from time-to-time and factor those into our business plans and our guidance. So with that, I'll be opening up the phone to take any questions that you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steve Koenig at Wedbush Securities.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Jim, Maria. I'll start with a question on Q4 guidance.
Operator: I'm sorry, one moment, please. Just one moment. I'm sorry, just a moment. Sorry, Mr. Koenig, you may proceed with your question.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. Let's see. The initial question is on Q4 guidance. The EPS guidance looks a bit low especially when I reverse engineer the operating margin assumption, looks like it's below 47%, which is out of your usual range. Can you give us any thoughts on that?
James E. Cashman: Yes, well there's no doubt. Keep in mind, again, you talked about that unpredictability about the revenue and even some of the earnings things, so we were over the high range. But if you look at it, there's really, there's probably 3 primary factors. First and foremost, we didn't hire as quickly as we really would like to in an ideal standpoint.
Maria T. Shields: He's asking about Q4.
James E. Cashman: Q4? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay, so really the Q4 margins -- okay, so the key thing was that if you look at the natural flows of business and these are some of the newer ones. So like Apache and Esterel business, the margins for Q4 are typically a lot or significantly lower. They're driven by sales and commission accelerators that occur in the fourth quarter. So in general, they tend to be double-digit lower than they are in Q4, so you'll see something similar to that for those particular ones, but also you'll -- you're getting back to the timing of the predictability of spending, there are some additional expenditures that we're planning in Q4. Some are related around the IT bid out of our new data center that is supporting all of our global infrastructure and moving into some of our -- expanding our cloud offerings, and the timing of those came in at -- are coming in more planned for Q4. And then -- I mean, these are number of ones. Maria, you got...
Maria T. Shields: Yes. Steve, there's a couple of other factors. Q4 typically, our royalties in third-party commissions are higher in Q4. And we're also, as we typically do, we'll be doing some pre-hiring on the sales and support front to load for 2014.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. Great detail. And if I may squeeze in a follow-up. I'm curious the shift to leases that we saw this quarter, and it bounces around quarter-to-quarter. But I'm wondering, just your thoughts on the possibility that, that continues because of the secular shift we've been seeing throughout the industry and to more of a pay-as-you-go type of approach by customers. Do you think that could drive a more sustained shift to leases beyond kind of the choppiness you sometimes see quarter-to-quarter?
James E. Cashman: Well, it could be. This one stood out a little bit more, Steve. I mean, there's a number of things. Obviously, the Apache portion of business, which has been growing nicely, there's a little tweak there. There's no one predominating factor. We also don't know if the secular shift that you're talking about will pan out to be a trend versus a spike. I mean, we just pointed out because this one stood out now. It was something that was very noticeable. And also in general, times of macro uncertainty also tend to drive, but those tend to be short-term dislocations that tend to correct themselves over a 6- to 9-month period once things get on even footing. So there's a number of things. But in general, when you see the math add up and its impact on the recurring rates in the revenue backlog, it's good for us long term. Again, we've said for ages that whether or not it was our Software as a Service cloud offering or our perpetual license or our lease that really, in these early phases of adoption of this technology, that we are really interested in getting users of any style regardless and really not even caring a whole ton about how they acquire it. We want to create numerous avenues for them to do it. And we've just seen this particular timeframe that it did shift in this matter. So those 3 factors are the main ones. A couple of those are longer-term sustainable, one of them might be a spike, don't know about how all those will add up, but we doubt it was particularly noteworthy.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer at Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, Maria, my first question concerns your preliminary 2014 outlook. The $30 million range is somewhat larger than the preliminary outlook at this time 1 year ago and 2 years ago, which were about $10 million to $20 million. I know that the company, of course, is larger and more complex on a larger base, but what are some of the components of that wider range that you had in mind for next year? And the follow-up question is, if you could talk a bit more about your electronics and semiconductor end market, which has clearly become now your largest business by revenue and clear driver for much of the past year. And does Apache continues to be a double-digit growth component of the company for you?
James E. Cashman: Well, okay. So first of all, yes, talking about the reasons for this extended range, basically you hit the primary one right on the head, it was the increasing complexity of the business. Your other thing is, that some of the macro uncertainties, particularly in -- a lot of people have been talking about different parts of the world and how there's been a lot of dislocation there. So there's just a greater uncertainty there. The third thing that I'd add in that I think leads into your following question is, we've got a range of some very new, exciting and unique technologies and capabilities in the portfolio that we've added over the last 1 to 2 years. But as I think we've all witnessed in all of this technology thing over decades is that it takes a little bit of time for them to incubate and therefore the starting error of what might take off and what might not in certain time frames tends to be -- have a pretty broad standard deviation to it. So the newness of some of those things while we know long term, they're going to be very strong trends, how long it takes for customers to get adapted to, what it might mean for them to implement it and how much those launch in. Now with that in mind, leading into your follow-up question is, yes, we see -- I mean, of course, Apache now has grown in scale itself. But even then, we see it as being a double-digit performer into the foreseeable future. I mean, I won't even put a time frame on it because I've seen no decline in companies pushing for their mobility solutions, for power, for power efficiency, for getting to smaller and smaller chipset sizes and moving down into at some point probably single-digit nanometer range but moving into that 20 into 14 and that. So with those trends going on, it's going to be a continual rate there and we see that continuing on. So I think with that, was that all the...
Maria T. Shields: I think and, Jay, just one other element I'll add is as to the earlier question, we've got this mixed model of paid-up and leases that we offer. So if some of the dislocations you mentioned continues into 2014, and people use -- elect the lease option as opposed to a paid-up option obviously that has different impact on how much that translates into GAAP revenue in any given quarter or any given period. So we're trying to factor all of that into a much bigger, broader complex business.
Operator: The next question comes from Sterling Auty at JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jim, you started to touch upon this in I think the answer to the first question. So when you're looking at the third quarter here, you mentioned maybe slower hiring. What I'm curious is normally we see this kind of upside of margins when you beat on revenue and you get that disproportionate contribution margin. It sounded like you managed expenses to get to this margin for this quarter. What I'm curious about, did you start off with a cautious view and kind of held back in expenses right from the beginning? Or was there something in the quarter where you started to slow down maybe the pace of hiring to make sure you've got to this level?
James E. Cashman: Well, first of all, again, there were -- the 3 major factors were we didn't hire -- and that was nothing we were managing. We would have loved to have gotten quality people on-site. But it is -- Q3 isn't necessarily the maximum transition, the optimal transition period for people that are looking to join or change during that time frame. So we just didn't -- the pace just slowed down a little bit from Q2. With that being said, we are planning on continuing to keep a pretty decent ramp-up even through Q4 in anticipation of building for 2014, so that's going to happen. Now with regard to the discretionary, I wouldn't say it was anything else outside the ordinary of the things we normally do with the business. But there were a number of different signals that we were seeing. Sometimes it was spread out globally, there were different global markets where we're seeing it more noticeably and with that in mind, we did at least use discretion in Q3. Keep in mind, Q3 is also historically the most bizarre quarter of the 4, of things coming in and predictability of revenue and things that happen as people come back from vacation. It's really not a full 3-month quarter. And then the, I guess, the other thing is that we -- I mentioned the dislocation of some of the costs. We had originally planned that we'd be doing as we bid out our data center, we had planned that we are going to be doing some expenditures in Q3, and they just, for a number of reasons, again, nothing related to management of anything but just the normal logistics of doing a major project like that. Some of the things that we anticipated being Q3 expenditures actually if they shift a few weeks, it becomes a different quarter. Really doesn't change the overall annual landscape of anything but it just cosmetically make something. Look, if you integrate it over time, you'll see that it probably mapped up pretty well. But those expenses are slated and actually are occurring now in Q4 as we speak. So those are really the 3 major factors and really nothing else, but nothing really out of the ordinary.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then the one follow-up. I understand the FX impact in Japan, but would you still call out further weakness just in demand out of Japan because I'm really trying to reconcile. If I look at where the geographic weakness was for yourselves versus parametric versus the cell versus -- and just looking at the broad segment, it doesn't seem like there's a common thread through it. And just wondering if that in and of itself tells us something?
James E. Cashman: Well, we try to look at that, I mean, when you look at those things. And I would say, there probably isn't a common thread. But if you look at some of the areas, I guess if you connect the dots between -- if you look at some of the areas where -- have been traditional pockets of strength for us in Japan, you'll see that some of those are either in retrenching or different competitive kind of environments. So it's again, I don't think there's any single trend that you're going to see there, things have shown signs of improvement for us in Japan and in general are progressing well along those points. But it's just a continual point. By converse you've mentioned some of those groups and other people in our space, they've had slowdowns in areas where we were in double-digit growth. I mean, there's just that -- there's just all of these local -- it's like you don't see a complete tidal wave covering all of the contingencies. It really is very spotty, but every sector of the globe is being hit by retrenchment of competitive positions and overall macroeconomic kind of situations going on. So it's really, I don't think -- we haven't found that one touchstone that seem to solve and answer all the questions.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Ashley at Robert W. Baird.
Unknown Analyst: This is [indiscernible] for Steve Ashley. Just piggybacking off of Sterling's question. Just wanted to ask on Japan, it seems like the macro environment continues to be challenging even on a constant currency basis. So just wondering what -- if you can give us some color on what you're assuming for trends there and your guidance?
James E. Cashman: Well, I'd say the bottom line is for the environment, we're seeing things very similar. Now the situation is that if the environment is going to be in a certain way, we obviously have to meter our business model and we do things to basically optimize our performance in whatever -- however a muddy field that we might be playing. So those type of things that we've also been involved with. I mean, you look at the one of the most telling things as you look at the relative comparant of, let's say, the electronics industry and the strength that it seemed to have almost a preeminence in Japan 5 to 10 years ago, and now you see what's happening with the Korean, even some North American accounts in terms of what they are doing. And then you see what the reaction of some of those Japanese companies are moving into other spaces, shifting, doing things. And I mean, so there's a kind of constant turmoil that's going on there. But those trends we still see continuing to go on. I guess the good news is that even if it goes -- if demand, if industrial demand shift in one way or another, if they are going to continue to grow, we'll proceed well because it's going to be done by some company somewhere in the world. And luckily with our geographic spread, we're pretty much evenly distributed across the globe, so we're able to do that. Now the other thing is that we are seeing, we are seeing some good activity in the auto industry in Japan. So I mean, again, it's not even a one-size-fits-all in Japan, it's different pockets of strengths and ebbs and flows, if you will, in all of those.
Unknown Analyst: That's helpful. And then just stepping back a little bit, and if he can just talk to us about your high-level priorities going into next year? Where will you focus your products, go-to-market and M&A investments, et cetera, that would be great.
James E. Cashman: Taking the M&A thing, because we can't comment on any individual one. But you're going to see really kind of the same trends that we've been doing over the years. But right now, we have pretty much a good footprint in all of the key areas that we want to be in, but we want to -- we actually want to make sure that we get a chance to fully flesh those out. So you could see a number of augmentations to our traditional lines that will actually allow us to solve these emerging new generations of problems that customers are coming up to. It seems like every time you solve one layer of issues then there's another cadre of them sitting in the background waiting to -- that they now want to solve. And we also see a lot of progression into ultimate materials, which we've talked about and what that means in terms of simulation. The concept of system simulation, your complete product system simulation is one that's been starting to take more and more hold up over time. So if you look at that, if you look at -- take that off the table and just say, hey that's part of the normal knitting[ph] that we'll be doing for a number of years because we -- it's a great way to get good qualities of staff and it's also a way to speed up the pace of development quicker than we ever could internally. But if you look beyond that for 2014, there are probably 2 basic themes. One of which is the release of our ANSYS 15 portfolio of products. And we won't get into a lot of detail on that right now but it's really one that we think tends to give us an incremental increase in capabilities that everything from look and feel to usability but blending together all of the applications that we've had that may have come from different parts of engineering discipline over time. The second part is then just the continuation of the sales momentum, given the fact that it's -- these are difficult times. But the headwinds seem to be against everybody. It's a difficult environment but being able to continue to build on that productivity but also be able to cross -- continue to get increased efficiencies of our cross-sell capability. So when we have strength in one area, that can actually be leveraged naturally in even though buying centers and buying maturities may be different even within the same company across those different disciplines, because ultimately, they all do play in being able to simulate complete systems.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Williams of Evercore.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Jim, Maria, maybe just to piggyback a little bit on Jim, what you were just talking about. I know you mentioned earlier that throughout 3Q, you didn't really hire at the pace that maybe you were expecting. But having said that, you have sort of ramped sales capacity throughout the course of the year. I'm just wondering if you could provide a little bit of color on sort of how those reps are on boarding? What their productivity levels are like and maybe what you -- what plans you might have in place to sort of increase that productivity going forward?
James E. Cashman: Well, I mean, first of all, I'll just say flat out we're a few down from where we wanted to -- where wanted to be. Yes, we added some and our hit rate has been better on the hiring. But we are net down from where we would originally are planned to like to have been. So that number aspect is one part of it. If you look into 2014, again, we weren't getting into all of the different planning and detailed things but I think you'll see a continual ramp-up not dramatically different than what you saw in 2013. That's just kind of what I'd expect but I can't hold there's anything right, not even finished with 2013 and we don't have an approved 2014 plan in detail yet. So sheer numbers is one. Now you've hit on the second topic, productivity. Well, productivity, I guess, you asked how are they ramping up? And I'd say in general, we've actually been able to, if you will, build the science of ramping up because we really don't have a single across-the-board competitor so there really isn't -- there really aren't pockets of people that will go and say, yes, here's these other people out there doing exactly what they're doing. So people are going to be already ready. So we had to actually build, if you will, the science of trying to expedite people coming onboard. I think in general, it's been okay, but if you recall earlier calls, we had mentioned also that, while -- if customers are more cautious than their buying pattern and they are more cautious of budgets. The general pace of getting meetings and those, if you will, building that muscle memory of a sales process by getting in there, that just all goes a little bit slower. So if anything, that creates a little bit of a lagging effect. But the -- probably the most important part is that you've got the right people and you know that they kind of get pretty -- they get marginally productive within a few months. And by the second half of the year, they're producing pretty fully and then they still continue to grow for a couple of years. I mean, the good news is that we've got a bank of those people that have really gone through, if you will, the shallow end of the learning S curve of coming up. So there's a statistically a good chance of those going up. But with that in mind, and we've also had to meter some of the training and mentoring programs that we have as people get into anything from major accounts to, well, in some cases, e-selling and inside an indirect sale of selling models and the like. So I mean, we've got those things going altogether. But first and foremost, down a little bit on the -- a little bit behind where we want to be in terms of the total headcount, but plan to ramp it up and continue into 2014. Second of all, ramping the productivity up and that's primarily through a lot more of targeted tools and training that we have specific to what we've observed through the first 3 months -- first 3 quarters, I'm sorry, of this year.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And maybe just one quick follow-up. I know we've talked in the past of the fact that you guys feel like you have plenty of white space within your installed base to expand users. Just wondering if we could get a quick update on, I guess number one, sort of how the expansion is going and the success you're having within some of those larger accounts trying to expand usage? And then I guess sort of alongside that, any sort of color in terms of hiring that you're seeing at your largest customers? Are they adding people still or is it still a very measured environment there?
James E. Cashman: Okay, well first of all, they're adding people. Our customers are adding people. They do it at a pretty judicious rate also. I mean, it's very targeted. And actually, some of them may be doing it as they spread out globally on a more global basis, which tends to, kind of confounds the situation a little bit. We're still seeing good growth to that point of the white space. I mean, not that we go after million-dollar orders, but those large orders that we saw continue to climb, even in Q3, which is a little bit more quiescent period. It grew so we had growth in the number of orders in excess of $1 million. And in fact the numbers of those continue to grow. I'd say also that right now, probably the key thing is that while customers don't want to, if you will, compromise on the accuracy of the solutions they're getting, in general, it's -- they're not going for, well, it's good enough software. A good enough software isn't good enough for where these customers are going. They're also at a point where, okay, now they validated the technology internally. And a lot of it gets into, okay now, organizationally and workflow-related, those tend to be now more barriers or the things that can slow down a sale. And quite frankly, a couple of those things are reasons of my aforementioned interest in the drive on the ANSYS 15 because that's where you start to see the -- some significant product surges in those particular areas.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Davis of Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: You mentioned it in the prepared remarks, but I got a question from some investors about your oil and gas effort. Is it fair to say that it's kind of probably less than 10% of revenues but has obviously upside potential? And then through these [indiscernible] how would you stay competitively on that bumping into?
James E. Cashman: Okay, well, we clearly, clearly we see -- I mean, clearly, yes, that is a growth area. It's about that range where it's in the high-single digits to mid to the low -- and, I'm sorry, the high single digits to the -- around the 10% range. Again, with any of the energy things, they tend to bob and weave sometimes on if there's a problem with a nuclear plant somewhere, if the price of oil goes a certain way, I mean, so there tends to add that in. Now the issue is that there's an awful lot of the oil industry that is still somewhat blacksmith and kind of this has been way it's historically been done. However, you're getting the new kind of problems that hadn't been -- probably hadn't been solved before and we talked about some of those in the past, increased drilling, grilling for, if you will, less desirable forms of crude. We're even seeing things that are along the lines of -- you wouldn't link these in normally, but the whole concept of if oil's being drilled a couple of miles down in the ocean instead of pumping up oil, sand and water, processing it and doing a lot of the processing of it on the ocean floor such that the energy you're using to raise up the stuff is only the end product you really want. Well, when you have that, you've got all sorts of electronics, wireless, all sorts of things that are going on there. So really we're seeing the emergence of new kind of product. In terms of the competition, really not a lot there. But we will run into some areas where the science of geologics and that actually entered the picture too and then it's a series of more niche people that probably most people haven't heard of and we haven't heard of in the past and go in. So if you look at that, that's really -- apart from that, there's always been -- there's still latent competition in the single physics kind of environment, a lot of those are just maintenance of status quo type of environments. But there seems to be a lot of interest from the research side now. And I think it's really aimed at the place of their doing things in different ways in different places than historically they had. I think when the old drilling above ground and things like that, there's really not a whole lot of change in that. But a lot of these other areas are what's percolating the interest.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Got it. And then one quick question for Maria. The Esterel revenue contribution, we're just trying to kind of gauge that rough -- organic rough rate. Do you have any color on that or we can catch that, but I was just wondering if you wanted to toss in there?
Maria T. Shields: Yes, for the year, it's going to be approximately about $20 million -- yes, over $20 million.
James E. Cashman: Over $20 million. And the only thing we'll say is without it, it's been a little bit in advance of our internal projections. So in general, we're pretty pleased on that. If you recall, though, one thing we did was we started with a -- as opposed to just opening it up to every account, every salesperson because we didn't want to swamp the support infrastructure that we had or disrupt the business that was already done. We picked the target list of the prequalified account and that actually turned out to be a very good progression for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Schappel of Benchmark.
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Jim, in the prior question, I believe you touched on your cloud offerings. I was wondering if you could give us a few more details of how you're seeing cloud impact your markets? And what you've done and what your guys are actually doing in the cloud?
James E. Cashman: Well, bottom line is it's really, it's one of the things that we want to prep for. Really I'd have to say, it really doesn't impact on our markets a whole lot right now. There's a lot of things that still technologically it's really well-suited to e-mail and personal productivity and sales force automation kind of activities. But long term, there's no doubt that this is going to be something that is at least an interesting adjunct to the business. Now I'd say that the good news at least we think from our standpoint is that we architected the software such that it serves our customers today but it immediately transplants into any kind of a large-scale cloud proliferation, and that's how we've been able to operate with these interconnect layers and the high-performance computing. And that actually is really the way that most of our major customers are using it right now is that they really, they've got their own internal cloud, but it's behind the safety of their firewall, they control the bandwidth, they control the prioritization of processing, things like that. In other words, they can provide a sustainable, predictable way for that to do it. But the fact is we want to make sure the software would actually be able to run in those environments. And in fact, we're even thinking of hybrid environment where people would be utilizing a baseline of capability internally, but then if they had surge capacities that they need, they'd be able to go out and actually utilize external and internal cloud symbiotically. Apart from that, the only other touch point we have in there is that almost over 10 years, we've had Software-as-a-Service offering and for the reasons I mentioned earlier, it's one -- it's used sporadically, but it's not one that our people are using as the mainstay. With that in mind, though, we're still basically upgrading, if you will, the store front and looking at different -- there's a number of different commercialization models and really, each one depends on the manner in which the customer wants to utilize the software, whether it's a regular stream, whether it's sporadic, whether it's in spurts, things like that. So it's one of those things that we definitely need to prepare for, but it's also not a broad scale at least for full-scale industrial strength kind of applications.
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then one final question here. In your prepared presentation, I believe you called out problems in China, particularly with the state-owned enterprises. I was wondering if you could just give us a sense of what your overall businesses is in China as a percent of your revenue?
Maria T. Shields: Not China, individually, but I will comment, Mark, relative to the China environment. A significant portion of our direct and indirect business in China relates to the state-owned enterprises. And we definitely saw a lot of activity. However, we also saw, I would call, a noted slowdown relative to their willingness to pull the trigger to close deals.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Halter, Great Lakes Review.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Wondering if you could provide a little more background about the ANSYS 15.0, whether or not that'll be released to everyone at the same time? And if anyone's currently using it and things of that nature?
James E. Cashman: Well, [indiscernible], we've got customers who have been using it in preview mode, I mean, much like some people might call it a beta program, it's not exactly that process. People have been utilizing that, but we'll be announcing -- we'll be releasing that actually next month. And then, of course, there are different markets where there may be certain things in terms of localization and product launches and things like that, that we have to move out beyond that. So yes, but it'll -- it's this year.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. And there's obviously been a lot of interest in this whole 3D printing area, and just wanted to get your thoughts on that and how ANSYS software may or may not be working with that type of product area.
James E. Cashman: Yes, it's actually working together right now. I mean, if you think about it the -- well, 3D printing, of course, when you say that, it means multiple things, some of which is creating a pseudomodel of something with different materials that doesn't really match in. In some cases, it's also -- there'll be rapid construction for low-volume manufacturing that allows things to be done with the existing materials. The bottom line is to us, it really doesn't matter and in some ways a proliferation of 3D printing of real product actually tends to help us because again, the whole point of the value of the 3D printing for at least as a manufacturing -- well, let's call it additive manufacturing is it allows people to get something out quickly. Well, you don't want to rush something out quickly then you just have to send it to a laboratory and spend a certain amount of time testing it. In most cases, the people that are getting the most out of 3D printing are actually verifying the design virtually such that when it comes out, it's got a much higher probability of meeting the overall requirements. So I mean, it's net-net, it's really a positive. If anything, it's a positive for us. Greg?
Operator: Mr. Cashman, that does conclude the Q&A session, if you'd like to make any closing remarks.
James E. Cashman: Well, okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for the questions and for the attendance. So I guess we've kind of covered a lot of this, but in closing, our emphasis for the remainder of the year is going to be no surprise here, but execution, customer development and just the internal disciplines as we map out the year. Again, we're excited about the opportunity [indiscernible] for the remainder of 2013 and especially beyond. But again, there are going to be challenges along the way. So again, fortunate -- I say this a lot, but probably can't even say it enough, is that we've got a strong foundation that's built on over 40 years of dedication. It's combined with the focus on technological expansion, execution, growth, customer engagements, basically allow us to go after those changes. So again, as I said earlier, we believe that if the economic environment improves in the future, we're well-positioned to be able to achieve even more robust financial targets and continue to be propelled by that really strong combination of a sustainable vision, I think a business model that's gone through a lot of -- gotten through a lot of different economic cycles, but at the heart of it all, I mean, we've got the greatest customers on the planet, good partners, strong technology and of course, the employees that have been part of this for a number of years. So thanks to all of them and thanks to you for joining us this morning.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-01 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Strategy Committee Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Barbara Coffey - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research Saket Kalia - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ANSYS Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jim Cashman, President and CEO. Please go ahead.
James E. Cashman: Well, good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. We're going to discuss our 2013 second quarter financial results. So actually, well, bookkeeping consistent with the standard protocol what we've been using for a number of quarters now, all of the key financial information and the supporting data relative to Q2 and the first half of 2013 business results, and also, as well as our current Q3 and fiscal year 2013 outlook, and the underlying assumptions are included in the earnings release and the related prepared remarks document that we posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. So that's all there for your perusal. But before we get started, I'd like to introduce Maria Shields, our CFO, and have her go through our Safe Harbor statements. So, Maria, if you would?
Maria T. Shields: Okay, thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to remind you that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future business results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K. So, Jim, I'll turn it back over to you for some comments.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, yes, thanks, Maria. And before we open up the call for Q&A, I'd like to just briefly provide a little commentary about our Q2 results and our Q3 and fiscal year 2013 outlook. So basically, from our perspective, Q2 was a very productive quarter yielding strong results. They were above the high end of our range on both revenue and earnings. In addition, we largely focused on our own internal sales execution initiatives and spending disciplines as a result of Q1 and the things that we said during that call. Of course, not surprising to those of you who've followed the ANSYS historical performance over many years and many quarters, the strength of the revenue overperformance resulted in operating leverage and the margins that were also beyond what we had guided coming into the quarter. So overall for Q2, we achieved double-digit revenue growth in both recorded and constant currency, constant currency at around 13%. This performance was the outcome of double-digit constant currency growth in each of our 3 major geographies, as well as in the perpetual software license and maintenance and service revenue lines. The recurring revenue aspect of our business remained healthy at 69% for the quarter, even off of a strong paid-up license growth. The combination of new and renewal business and leases and maintenance yielded a new Q2 record high deferred revenue and backlog balance of over $386 million. So all of this, of course, yielded superior margins and cash flows from operations of over $87 million, which is a 16% increase over Q2 of last year. At our recent Investor Day, we said we'd be looking for attractive uses of capital and opportunities to return value to our stockholders. And during the quarter, we repurchased just over 988,000 shares, leaving about 2 million shares remaining in the authorized pool. Okay, so the result of all this is that we've increased our outlook for fiscal year 2013. This translates into a Q3 non-GAAP revenue in the range of $210 million to $216 million, and EPS of $0.73 to $0.76. And revenue for the full year in the range of $860 million to $875 million, with an EPS of $3 to $3.07. Before we wrap up, I'd like to provide some qualitative context around the guidance. First and foremost, the fundamentals of our business, the customer interest and the long-term market opportunity remain intact. Our outlook at this time factors in a continuation of the general macro uncertainty around the predictability, timing, composition of deals. That's a reality that we've been dealing with over the course of the past several years and throughout the first half of 2013. And we've been cognizant of this, and actually, therefore, built it into our guidance for the remainder of the year. Our outlook also assumes an increased ramp in our second half spend in connection with the hiring resources and a variety of activities that are setting the stage for 2014 and beyond. To net it all out, our enthusiasm continues, and we believe it's important to invest in our business to prepare for the long-term opportunity that we see over the next 3 to 5 years. Actually, one last highlight I'd like to mention is that today is kind of a key milestone date for ANSYS. It's the first, second and fifth year anniversaries, respectively, of Esterel, Apache and the Ansoft acquisitions. And I just wanted to express my own personal note of thanks, in addition to the teams here, to all the employees that have contributed to help us bring these great technologies and companies together into the ANSYS family, and to create the world's leader in engineering simulation technology. So with that, we'd now be prepared, operator, to begin with the Q&A portion of the session and head off with that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Steve Ashley of Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess, I'd just like to start by asking a question on the deferred revenue and backlog. It declined sequentially. Not a lot, just a little. Just wondering if there was anything related to the timing of maintenance renewals or if there was just any commentary around that.
James E. Cashman: Well, yes. First of all, the main point I want to make is I think maybe what may appear to be missing here is the fact that the deferred revenue on the balance sheet in Q2 2013 is treated differently than it was in Q2 of 2012. So a significant component of what was formally booked as deferred revenue is now reflected in the backlog. So really, the issue is we may be comparing apples to oranges there because we really weren't that. So we still wind up with about 13% growth. It's -- you can look at there's a 13% increase in that, but actually, you might be looking at a number of 300 -- comparing 386 million versus 343 million in the deferred. So that may be part of it. Now that -- so in general, I don't think the issue is quite as you said. Now the one thing I would mention that you commented on that always plays a role is that the timing of different renewal orders and maintenance and things like that, that obviously can affect it. But as you can see, if you net out the numbers and use a constant comparison, it jives up much more consistently.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So yes, that was not my question. So my question is on a sequential basis, from March to June...
James E. Cashman: Oh, sequential?
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Backlog and deferred revenue balance declined slightly. Historically, that has increased during that period. And so that was -- I was wondering if there was anything just related to maintenance renewals or anything along that line.
James E. Cashman: No, no, I'm sorry. Actually, I was triggered off of something that I read in one of your pre-notes, and so I missed the sequential part of that. I apologize for that. Yes, if you look at that, maybe the biggest issue, first of all, there's nothing out of the ordinary there. Probably the one thing that can affect that as much as anything is some of the -- that is where some of the renewals, timing if they came in a little bit earlier before, if they lagged a month, that can cause a little bit. And the other thing is that the nature of the Apache orders are they tend to be a much smaller number of customer bases, but they tend to be larger multi-year deals, and that puts a certain lumpiness in there. So any one of those would swing 1 month or 2. It might cost medically [ph] affected, but there's nothing endemic behind the numbers that is kind of contrary to the overall message.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Cummins of B. Riley.
Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: I'm going to issue congratulations in advance for ANSYS once again getting out of debt soon. You do that so well. You get in and out of debt for all the right reasons. I think that, Jim, when you mentioned the anniversaries or mentioning the deals, they're great deals. And I apologize in advance for what is a what-have-you-done-for-me-lately question. But the total revenue guidance for 3Q, it's flat even at the high end. And that, I think, implies a down Q-over-Q for license. And that would be unusual for ANSYS, even based on your performance in the last few, what I would call, squirrely years. So I'm curious if your 7- or 8-figure deals, if you had any, in 2Q, is that creating a tough seasonal comp or are you giving us a little bit new extra dose of caution here with the guide?
James E. Cashman: Well, I guess -- well, first of all, all of us are a little bit puzzled at the premise. So we're -- are you -- I mean, are you talking sequentially Q3 to Q2? Because that's normal, I think. But I -- where our numbers aren't -- we're just having trouble understanding the premise because as stated, I don't think we agree with it.
Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Oh, okay. Well, I mean, flat at the high end on the guide. I think your service revenue typically ticks up and up and up. So that would imply the license would go down.
Maria T. Shields: What are you comparing to? Maybe that will help us understand where you're coming from.
Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: The last couple of years, the 3Q over 2Q compare.
Maria T. Shields: Oh.
Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: In which license does not go down, or has not, traditionally. That's all I'm wondering. And so I'm just thinking, did you have some very large, large deals in 2Q, particularly on perpetual license? That's what I'm getting at.
Maria T. Shields: Well, Q2 was very strong. I'd say what we've kind of built in, Dan, is Q3 historically has been the, I'll call it, riskiest quarter. Just that it's a shortened sales cycle with the extended European vacations and even the extended U.S. vacations. So we have built in some conservatism in the fact that large deals can easily slip out of Q3 into Q4 if all the people that need to sign off aren't around.
Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Okay, right. I was looking at your guide for last year. I think the guide was actually up a little bit last year, 3Q over 2Q. But that's fine. I appreciate that.
James E. Cashman: All I can say is behind the scenes, there's -- I mean, that's why we're puzzled by it, because we don't -- it's important to see which dots you're trying to connect because, really, behind the scenes, we're not seeing anything that indicates a flag in that standpoint. There are a lot of different ways that [indiscernible].
Maria T. Shields: Timing and volatility, as the deals get bigger, they can easily move out of one quarter and into another. And we're just trying to say we're in what everybody knows as kind of elongated sales cycles, and Q3 has always historically been the iffiest quarter depending on how much can close after the vacation season.
Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Okay. And so my follow-up is just, I thought there were some extra words of caution in the notes around China and India. Just curious if Jim has any extra color to add there.
James E. Cashman: Well, no, yes. I think if you look at commentary by a lot of the software and enterprise software manufacturers, there is a little bit -- there are issues in there. There are business climate issues in India that are going on. There are spending patterns and growth things in China. You look at the uncharacteristic change in the India currency as of recent. I mean, there's a lot of things there that it's just one of those things. We're treating them as warning signals, so we just put additional attention onto those. And historically, we've always called out if there's an area where we think there may be something, or if even in those areas where periodically we, in the past, when we've had execution issues, we tended to try to call those out and just try to give the overall story. But there's really, again, there's really nothing hidden beyond that.
Operator: And the next question will come from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, you did have an usually large sequential increase in your perpetual license revenues from March to June, about $15 million, which is larger than the first to second quarter sequential increases on average in prior years. So the question, somewhat following up on the earlier question, is could you correlate that increasing perpetual to either geographic performance or any of your functional areas such as mechanical or fluids, or anything of that kind or large deal performance? If you could -- and then as well, how are you thinking about perpetual for the rest of the year? And then a follow-up.
James E. Cashman: Well, all the business -- first, all of the businesses progressed. Mechanical has been pretty strong. I'd say the other thing is a small portion of that actually was catch-up from Q1. Some of it was pull forward from outlying quarters later in the year. So I mean, there were elements to that. I mean something comes in the pipeline and we normally have 6 to 9 months visibility, and we normally have those types of things and then -- but they don't always come in exactly on schedule, so -- and sometimes, they come forward. We had a little bit of that. We actually had a fair number of the larger deals that came in, some that came in a little bit larger than usual. But like I said, all the -- and then on your geography aspect, we tried to cover it as well as you can cover it in a brief commentary posted on the website. But every -- I mean, every one of the geographies grew double digits in constant currency, but they didn't grow within each region uniformly. So there were some that -- there were pockets of relative strength and weakness throughout each of the regions. So it really wasn't like there was one overall high tide that got raised in any one area.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. As follow-up, over the last 3 quarters, your maintenance revenue has grown more quickly than your license revenues. It had double-digit growth for each of the last 3 quarters in maintenance on a GAAP basis. And that's better than your license revenues. Is that -- can you comment on that? And is that, in some way, correlated perhaps to the earlier line of questioning about your deferred?
James E. Cashman: Well, again, the deferred, I think we tried to -- we covered the fact that yes, we are comparing some apples to oranges and things like that. Now the other thing is we've had a number of years of pretty good buildup if you look at -- of growth. And as a result of that, as the maintenance base continues to accumulate, even if we had a relatively softer Q1, we still have accumulation that is being pulled out of deferred. So it's not unusual for that to grow. That's one reason why seeing the license growth come back much more strongly in Q2 was a positive sign for us.
Operator: And our next question is from Richard Davis of Canaccord.
David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: It's DJ on the line. So, Maria, maybe first, I can just check my math on currency adjusted organic growth. Is it 10% in the quarter, is that right?
Maria T. Shields: Yes.
David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: And then how fast did Apache grow? Can you ballpark comment on that?
James E. Cashman: In the mid- to upper-teens range.
David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe on the lease business, it's been flat sequentially the last couple of quarters, and I guess, the 3 variables that could impact that are obviously currency and then new business and retention. So I don't think we've heard you talk about retention on that side of the business in the past. Can you comment on why we're not seeing growth in the lease business? I figured that would be a pretty linear grower. Maybe any color there.
Maria T. Shields: Yes, DJ, what I'll say is for the core leases, i.e, the Apache side of the business that tend to be longer-term leases, we aren't seeing any issues. On the historical ANSYS side of the equation though, the lease base, it's kind of got different components. You have some that are just because of the nature of their business, they tend to lease. But you also have some that are kind of short-term rentals in nature that...
David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Yes, like first capacity type things?
Maria T. Shields: Yes. Or that are specific to projects that they're doing for the government for XYZ period of time, or smaller consulting shops that only need it for -- so they tend to have a little bit of churn, if you will, in that part of the lease space, but...
James E. Cashman: Again, I'll -- I'd like to jump in. I'm sorry, David.
Maria T. Shields: Okay.
James E. Cashman: But jump in on the core premises. If you look at it, now depending upon leases are more popular in certain parts of the world, and therefore, can be more subject, plus or minus, on currency, if you look at constant currency, it's in -- leases grew in the 8% to 9% range, which is given the fact that the other parts of the business that tended to grow a little bit quicker as people go into enterprise licenses, they tend to start to evolve into, if you will, owned versus rent type of scenarios. And as such, I think that if you look at the overall lease space, it's actually -- we saw a no real -- again, we didn't see anything leading up to trigger a concern along that line. And in fact, it's somewhat tied in with the historical patterns.
Operator: And next, we have a question from Ross MacMillan of Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to ask one on geography. One of the things that struck me in this report was the strength of the other European, non-German, non-U.K. business, which suggests that you actually saw strength maybe in parts of Europe that had been more challenging of late. Could you just comment on what you're seeing in that other European segment and where the strength came from?
James E. Cashman: Well, again, overall growth was pretty reasonable. I mean, if you saw Germany, for instance, which is a strong package, if you look at -- you're in that 13% range. But if you look at other areas that were contributing, yes, there are some areas that are down, those are in the news all the time, but in particular, the developing territories, most notably Russia. France had a good recovery this year. There's no doubt, some of the Mediterranean regions, a little bit more subdued, to put it mildly. But just to put things in that perspective, that's probably where you'd see the geography, where some of the main bulwarks continue to do pretty well and some of the developing territories did in excess of that.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So I guess that's my question. You're not seeing a turn in the countries within Europe necessarily that had been hardest hit yet? You're not seeing a turn...
James E. Cashman: No. But those weren't major components typically for us anyway. I'd probably categorize them as wobbly stable.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. [indiscernible]
James E. Cashman: [indiscernible] basis with that, didn't I?
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then just going back to whether it's deferred or backlog, just so I'm clear. If I look at -- let's look at the total deferred plus total backlog, and look at that number and think about that as something that we can think about using for bookings, where we look at revenues plus change in that total deferred and -- deferred revenue and backlog piece. Obviously, this was weaker than Q1, but would you have us look at for the blended rate, let's say, for the first half of the year, is that the right way to look at it? Because there can be issues of timing on maintenance renewals or lease renewals or other elements, so we should really be looking at this on a sort of more blended basis. Is that the right way to look at it?
James E. Cashman: Yes, if you intergrate [ph] it over time, it's somewhat analogous to climate versus weather. I mean, you can have a climate of a certain thing, but the temperature can spike up and down on any particular day.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So you don't think anything in your business from an order intake that was anything but in line to better than you expected?
James E. Cashman: Yes, I basically call it in line combined with a lot of the other stuff.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question will come from Mark Schappel of Benchmark.
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Jim, could you just give us some additional color on your Japanese business? A while back, you made some big changes over there, and I was just -- it will be helpful for an update.
James E. Cashman: Well, I mean, that's obviously -- probably it'd take -- particularly at that level, it takes a long time. And we identified the issue months ago. Did some structural changes in there that probably, I won't comment on right now, but they obviously become manifest in a short time. But did some structural changes in there. There's no doubt that some of the economic churn and the currency swings on there have changed things quite a bit from a numbers' standpoint. But if you -- maybe if you look at the -- the most interesting thing is in Japan, if you look at what happens is while it actually showed a negative growth, it was largely currency driven because if you look at the constant currency growth in Japan, it was double digits. It's still in constant currency, which, to us, is a positive sign, a positive sign going forward. In fact, reversing the trend almost, I mean, it almost -- it was like 9.5% year-to-date. So I mean, that actually shows not just a -- it shows a trend line in there that we think is encouraging. But I will tell you, there's a lot of work that continues to go on right now. There's a lot of discussion with the recent election, and Abe and his -- and some of the things that he's talking about doing there and what will happen. There's still some industries there that are reeling a little bit from pretty intense global competitive pressure, and I don't think their responses have been fully mapped out or felt. So I think that, that's some other issues that we'll have to wait and see, but we have to still service those markets like we would everywhere else because everybody is facing global competition.
Operator: And our next question is from Steve Koenig of Wedbush Securities.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Jim, your commentary suggests the outperformance was very balanced. It wasn't any one large deal.
James E. Cashman: That's correct.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Yes. So it makes me wonder, when I compare your performance in Q2 to the CAD vendors, the enterprise CAD vendors, you were much stronger. And Simulation is -- has more growth in it, we believe. But still, the divergence in the performance was kind of striking. I'm having trouble reconciling your performance with theirs. Any thoughts there since your -- you work with those vendors and you play in those markets? Why are you doing...
James E. Cashman: Well, the first thing I'll comment on is we don't walk in their shoes, so it's -- I'm sure we don't see all the nuances there, they may have a series of different challenges. I mean we focus on the market that we excel at, that we know where we've got things identified. We're working with, well, there's over 40,000 customers, but there's several hundred in earnest that we're working on some pretty exciting things with. But they also tend to be slow, steady and multi-year type of aspects. And so from us, I guess we're kind of seeing, if you look at it, we're seeing kind of things in line with the multi-year and in-year guidances that we've been given, the progression that we've been going on. The only -- and so from our standpoint, which is the only part we can really comment on, we just see what we have been talking about for a long time. And I know some quarters that falls on deaf ears, and some people don't get the story and things like that. So to us, that's the same. As regard to what others are doing, the only thing that we do notice sometimes is if there's a common link, the issues where we see the most headwinds seem to line up with areas where they see the most headwinds. But I don't know if there's -- I don't know the causality of that overall. So I just can't contrast to specifically. It's just we're focused and we're in a different market where we tend to have a very strong position.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right. And then I want to ask you for my follow-up. With your share repurchase, it was a pretty large amount. I hadn't seen as large a quarterly repurchase. I went back to '05, I think, and I didn't see any large...
James E. Cashman: Well, it's close to that last year, Steve.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Oh, okay. Yes, yes, in the full year. On -- in the full year. But it does look like you're doing more there. I'm just wondering, are you kind of changing your approach or maybe ramping that up a little bit?
James E. Cashman: No, no, it was opportunistic, and quite frankly, the opportunity presented itself in Q1. We'd like to thank the market because we availed ourselves of the opportunity, and we think it works out well for our stockholders. But no, it was one of those opportunistic things. And we do not do things programmatically. We do have a philosophical direction, and then we try to manage that throughout the year. And that -- there's really nothing different along those lines. But a great opportunity occurred for us, much as it did when the stock was at 18, 19 several years back. And we actually happen to really believe in the story and the potential, so when that opportunity comes, we grab it.
Operator: And our next question is from Matt Williams of Evercore Partners.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I just -- the sort of 40 new additions in the quarter, just wondering if you could provide some color on how much of that was in sort of the sales and marketing related area, and just a general update on sort of where your hiring plans on the sales side are relative to sort of what you thought at the beginning of the year?
James E. Cashman: Yes. Yes, well, it largely -- look, we always, in our infrastructure, we always add key components. And there were some of that going on, that happens all the time. But the lion's share of it, because we're largely about creating and promoting software, it was -- there was some in the development area, but the ongoing sales and support are probably the key aspects. They were more of the plurality of those additions. And I think, frankly, if we're talking 6 months from now, you'll probably see a similar thing leading up to our 2014 year. But that's where we continue to plan to evolve. So it's -- probably if I had to put it in order, I'd probably say sales and support first, with key developers as being a second. And then, like I said, throughout the organization, we added some key hires through there just to kind of strengthen and augment different areas of the business.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess, just as a follow-up, it would seem to indicate that the number of large deals was -- ticked down a little bit sequentially, no big surprise there, I don't guess. But given the results, it would seem to imply that sort of on the run rate side of the business or on the smaller deals side, that things were pretty good there. And just trying to get a sense around sort of how the recent additions on the sales side going back over the last couple of quarters, how they're performing, and if they're sort of impacting, I guess, the sort of lower end of the market as you might have thought.
James E. Cashman: Yes, well, the -- if you recall from the previous commentary, we talked about with the growth we've been experiencing, we had quite a few new salespeople, but we also had existing salespeople who had graduated into sales management position and were starting to get their sea legs under them on that. And yes, I think you'd -- probably what you saw this time was evidenced by a steady ramp-up. It's not like in 3 months, people then are fully -- they continue to grow, in our case, for some times over multiple years. But we saw that ramp-up actually take course. So other part of the question? Okay. There was a second part to that, that I missed, I'm sorry. I want to make sure I...
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: No, no, that's it. I mean, I understand there's some sort of time to ramp there. I was just curious if those sort of recent adds over the last couple of quarters are sort of ramping according to plan because it just seemed like outside of the large deals, the sort of small and midsized deals were pretty good in the quarters. So I was just curious.
James E. Cashman: Yes, the small and midsized deals were good. I mean, again, sequentially, it's a little bit difficult because of the renewal cycles. So I mean, things tend to follow different patterns. However, the large deals continue to accumulate on a comparable basis. That was the part that I thought that I might have missed. Now obviously, I mean, since we said that at the end of Q1, things had ramped up a little slower than we had hoped for, I wouldn't say that it's all according to plan. But now, if the curve shifted a little bit, we're kind of on the right slope now, albeit a little bit later. There's a little slower initiation of that, but now it's -- but I just want to say that we're -- everything is -- everything didn't happen in the first part of the year.
Operator: And the next question will come from Barbara Coffey of Standard & Poor's.
Barbara Coffey - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research: When you take a look at what's going on in the electronics market, to some degree, you may have a bit of a different competitive landscape. Can you speak to why you think you're seeing such growth there? And sort of is it dislocation of existing competitors or new needs that you're meeting?
James E. Cashman: It's mostly greenfield for things where we think where we've enabled from a process and a breadth standpoint, people -- able utilize that. Now I think the thing is, again, when you say electronics, and I guess, when anybody says electronics, it -- that is getting to be such a pervasive term because some people might say, okay, well chipsets are doing this. Well, sometimes even when chipsets are in between releases, there's a lot of people that are trying to get a lot of electronics functionality. So when we talk about mechatronics, when we talk about fly-by-wire, when we talk about a whole range of things like that, they push toward mobility in personal devices and things. Then people are actually saying, okay, now, how can I get new generation of products either from new custom systems on chip type of things or from using existing building blocks to give additional functionality? The other thing is that with the electronic, something that's going on is it happens in cycles that are so rapid that sometimes they don't have the history, or sometimes the luxury, of doing these massive prototype and testing cycles. So in some cases, they actually tend to rely more on simulation. They tend to be more leaders along that line. That's probably about the only singularities that I see on the electronics side.
Barbara Coffey - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research: And speaking to the competitive landscape on that?
James E. Cashman: Well, the competitive landscape, we really -- it's-- I think that's the one thing where just the depth and breadth of the product lines, it really -- the external competition really doesn't play much of a factor there. What does play a factor is internal company's organizational agility and the evolution of their processes and things like that. It's getting into things where the increased convergence of all the physics and increased complexity of their products actually start to manifest problems that historically weren't there before because they had kind of a beat on the old trajectories of technology. But as you start combining electronics and mechanics, all the battery technology, you can see that appearing in the headlines every day as to product issues that come. And they're largely driven around these increasingly complex new materials, new electronics, things like that going in. And in some cases, it's -- the pace of complexity is outpacing the ability of, if you will, traditional engineering wisdom to map. And it only takes a couple of outliers in your bell curve to create negative headlines.
Operator: And next, we have a question from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Saket Kalia - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Saket here for Sterling. A few if I may. A quick question for you actually on the annual guidance. I guess the second quarter results came in about $7 million better than the midpoint for second quarter guidance, and full year is going up by about $3 million to $4 million. So is some of that from some of the pull forward effect that Jim spoke about earlier, or is there some other item that's maybe impacting that?
James E. Cashman: Oh, yes, no. Obviously, some of it did. I mean, yes, we talked about the pipeline, and just cause we -- things were pulled forward, a lot of times it's not that -- sometimes we're able to help affect it, and sometimes the customer just wants it quicker. And predicting how that will come, but -- so the bottom line is a portion of that, I'm sure, was affected by it. But keep in mind, each time we do a refresh on that, we do -- we continue to evolve our bottoms up forecast. We continue to build off of all of that. So it's -- part of it is net improvement and part of it is pulled forward.
Saket Kalia - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And then in Europe, it sounded like your business there is still feeling some effects of a wobbly macro, if you will. And we're just starting to see manufacturing in Europe starting to stabilize. So how long do you think it'll take before your broader base of customers, I guess, starts to invest a little bit more consistently in Simulation?
James E. Cashman: Well, yes. Well, first of all, when the economy is good and things stabilize, that's a high tide that is like good for everybody. But I mean, even the standpoint of Europe, if you look at constant currency for the quarter, it was in that mid to upper teens range, too. So I mean, it was basically a pretty good story. I mean, again, it tends to be more, actually, I guess I'd say trifurcated in terms of the stable, bigger entities, the kind of the wobbly Mediterranean areas, as you mentioned it, and the developing and new territories. I mean, there's actually kind of 3 different stories all playing together and they amalgamate in. But there's no doubt that I think, yes, the environment, the headwinds have been strongest there, but our team has responded pretty well. And we are anchored by a pretty strong cadre of multinational customers that even if internally, Europe may be seeing things from an overall standpoint based about companies that are producing and marketing on a global stage. And from that standpoint, there's still a demand -- an inherent demand that keeps pace with that.
Saket Kalia - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it, got it. And then last question, if I could squeeze it in, and apologies if I missed it. But how many remaining open RECs for hiring do you have for the rest of 2013?
Maria T. Shields: I don't know. I would say it's probably at least 50 on the low end. I haven't looked recently, but no doubt, one of the things that we are planning for the second half is given the volatilities and the uncertainty around the first half, we are going to continue to hire because we've got a lot planned for 2014 and we want to make sure that we've got as much of the foundation built before we head into 2014 as we possibly can.
James E. Cashman: Yes, we have open RECs, but the other thing is as you get to the last half of the year, you're starting to bleed over into the operational planning for the ongoing year. And at that standpoint, we kind of re-factor everything. And some of those RECs may mutate into something else, some of whom will continue to be steady, and some of them may be obviated. And so it's -- that's why the numerics, as you get into the end of the year, is a little bit. But for ballpark, the number that Maria gave is a good working number.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions. I will turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, so in close, thanks, everybody, for the attendance and the questions. So kind of summarizing here, the emphasis for the remainder of 2013, it's going to be an ongoing focus on sales execution. We've got a major delivery of our software, ANSYS 15, so obviously, focusing on bringing that over the goal line. We're going to continue to navigate through, I don't know, whatever the new normal is, balancing short-term volatility against really, the long-term opportunity, which I think has been manifested over the last few years, the last decade, whatever. Because the one thing we do know for certain is that the customer receptivity and enthusiasm for the long term vision just continues to strengthen. So in fact, actually, a side note here is that many of us just spent the last quarter, as I mentioned, traveling to our annual user group meetings, and we had a chance to engage with somewhere around 15,000 of our customers and partners from around the globe. So the confidence comes directly from these -- those interactions. I mean, this is not just a generic thing. There's a lot of specific bolstering that came from our own user community. So basically, continue to be propelled by a strong combination of steady vision, a strong business model, again, those loyal customers and partners, obviously, leading technology, and of course, that base of technology and employees that have grown over the last number of years with us that have made it all possible. So I guess, I'll just thank you, all, for your time and we'll speak to you again next quarter.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Strategy Committee Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Jason Rogers Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Barbara Coffey - S&P Equity Research
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ANSYS First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This presentation is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jim Cashman, President and CEO. Please go ahead, sir.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Good morning. And again thanks, everyone, for joining us to discuss ANSYS's 2013 first quarter financial results. So again, some housekeeping. Consistent with our standard protocol, all the information of the key topics relative to Q1's business performance and our updated 2013 outlook are included within this morning's earnings release and in the prepared documents that we posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. So with that in place, I'm going to ask -- first I'll introduce Maria Shields, our CFO, and ask her to go through our typical Safe Harbor statement. So, Maria?
Maria T. Shields: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to remind you that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of the GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K. So Jim, I'll now turn the call back over to you.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Thanks, Maria. So before we get started with the Q&A, I'd like to briefly underscore a few important highlights regarding our Q1 results and our updated fiscal year 2013 outlook. So let me begin by saying that Q1 was a solid quarter on many fronts, but it also finished a bit softer than it started or than we had planned. From my perspective, the most important aspect of our performance for Q1 is despite a variety of issues, including macroeconomic challenges and currency rates that were towards the lower end, and in the case of the yen, outside the range that we provided, we continued an important multiyear trend for us as a company and as a management team, we delivered on our earnings commitment. We managed the business in a disciplined fashion and finished with earnings above the range that we had guided coming into the quarter. In addition, we achieved revenue growth in all 3 major geographies, as well as double-digit constant currency growth in both Europe and GIA, Asia-Pacific. Our recurring revenue was very strong at 74%. Our operating margins remain slightly above guidance at 48%. Deferred revenue and backlog grew to an all-time high of $399 million. We generated $95 million in operating cash flows, which is a 14% increase over Q1 of 2012. We welcomed EVEN, the company named EVEN, to the ANSYS family on April 2nd. This is a company that actually gives us a very good positioning into the advancing world of composite materials in our simulation space. And on the hiring front, we netted about 50 employees. So there were many positive aspects in the quarter, including relatively strong constant currency revenue performance in the United Kingdom and in GIA, most notably. But we also acknowledge that there were some pockets of sales ramp up issues. For all those new hires that we talked about in previous quarters that impacted the quarter Q1. And they are top priorities for us in Q2 and the remainder of 2013 to continue to expedite that ramp-up. Our industry composition continued to be diverse while exhibiting strength in automotive, industrial equipment, electronics and the biomed sectors in particular. We added really a host of new logos and continued to see new sales and strong renewals in our existing account base. Now as we look forward to the remainder of 2013, we are revising our full year outlook based on 2 primary assumptions. Well, first of all, we're expecting a continuation of the business climate similar to that which we experienced in the first quarter. And secondly, we're adjusting our currency rate, most notably for the significant weakening of the Japanese yen. With this in mind, we've updated our full year outlook for 2013 non-GAAP revenue in the range of $855 million to $875 million and EPS in the $2.96 -- $2.96 and $3.04 range. For Q2, we're targeting non-GAAP revenues of $206 million to $212 million and EPS of $0.69 to $0.72. Now, I'd also like to -- one thing I'd like to note is that our Q2 EPS guidance includes additional costs related to user group meetings that historically occurred in the second half of the year, but due to some product timing things, we've actually moved that forward into a Q2 thing. So it will be non-comparable, but nothing surprising there. So netting this all out, we continue to focus on driving increased productivity from those recent sales investments that we talked about, while also balancing our investments for future growth against basically the realities of what continues to be a challenging macro environment which, in turn, leads to some fairly cautious customer sentiments. So basically, that's the scoop. And with all that, I'll now open up the phone lines to take any questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Matt Lemonager [ph] of Robert W. Baird. [Technical Difficulty] We'll go on to the next question which will come from Richard Davis of Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Two quick questions. I saw you hired as, I think, Chief Product Officer a fellow named Walid. Is there going to be any change in kind of product direction under his stewardship and thoughts there? And then just a more broad question, on the competitive front, have you seen any changes in dynamics?
James E. Cashman: Well, the first part is, obviously, any time we get new talent, we want to continue to add those new perspectives to that. However, the basic main line product direction and vision of that, that really isn't changing. Now, some of the things -- you have to look at some of the benefits. First of all, we've gotten to the point where, obviously, the strength of the individual products continues to be important. And that's been a major emphasis for us for many years. But also, there's increasing emphasis on that portfolio and having, basically, full-time attention [ph] to drive toward unifying those in a rational manner over a number of years and pick that right aspect is particularly good. But also, bringing in some additional perspectives into the changing world of computing and delivery and interaction when you get from everything from mobile to cloud. We talked about cloud many times over the last few calls. And there are certain short comings to the kind of computing we do with what cloud delivers. But those -- that's not a long-term kind of thing. And so we're making sure that we're fully prepared for that. As well as, over the years, we've grown from, as everybody knows, we've grown from adding a couple of seats for customers and, in some cases, having thousands of seats. And that gets us in a different form of enterprise computing delivery and, obviously, coming -- adding that background of computing delivery is an important aspect. Now you also -- I didn't know if you were pre-signaling your discussion about competition, or if that's -- the competitive environment or if that's your follow-up question, so I'm going to turn it back. And if you want to repose the question, I don't want to let that one lie?
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: I just -- have you seen any changes in the competitive environment? Those are 2 questions.
James E. Cashman: No, actually, absolutely not. I mean over the last few years, as we've gained success and helped develop the market, that obviously will always bring in new classes of competitors. And they ebb and flow during various aspects of that. The one thing that probably is the most telling and I mean, I want to really kind of couch this so it doesn't come off as any form of hubris, because it really is anything but that, but obviously, in any quarter, particularly in this environment, you have sales that slip out, sales that slip in and things like that. So we actually did, since we were on the softer side of the range we had provided, we actually wanted to look at all the things that got in there and you can't -- we can't talk about the multitude of all of the major and minor sales. But of the large ones, the interesting thing was the ones that slipped, there were a couple of projects that just got canceled by the customer, but there were none that turned to competitive standpoint. At least when we look at the -- at that top 100 classification. Which is one thing, obviously, we would have been turning an eye toward. I can't tell you below the 100 if there were like some spot tactical ones. But really, the competitive environment really hasn't changed. So the main story here right now is twofold, one of which is the macroeconomics and I'll throw the currency volatility in with that. But the second part is, we talked about the investments that we were going to be making and ramping up the sales team. We actually did that, but as we've also talked about in the first 3, 4 months, we don't get a ton of productivity even out of the quickest learners. And that's something that you tend to cultivate in the 6 to 12 months and then it kind of grows from that standpoint. I don't know if there's anything else. That's kind of like the broad brush look.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Looks like you did -- it looks like you had an increase in deals over $1 million. So it didn't look like big deals were an issue. If I piece things together, it looked like North America paid-up licenses, deals under $1 million. So kind of the meat-and-potatoes business was the issue in the quarter. If that's correct, just kind of curious what we can read into that and read into how that might come back as the year progresses?
James E. Cashman: Well, first of all, we'll give a little bit of qualitative aspects here. But again, the first thing I say is everything I tell you right now do not read a long-term trend, at least not yet. There's not enough to indicate that would happen. But, yes, the fact is that first of all, with regard to the number of large sale aspects. Keep in mind, those are additive with our major accounts but they also reflect the building up, accumulation of continually ramping up business with those. So it's not like a bunch of $1 million instantaneously appeared. Some of that was renewal business, some of that was new business. Now if you look at -- I'd say the one thing about this economy is that, a, nothing happened in monolith. So even though we talked about all the major geographies grew and we had the double-digit currents -- constant currency grow in Europe and in Asia-Pacific. But in each of those regions, it wasn't like they monolithically moved in one direction. There were segments in each one of those that specifically performed very well and others that performed fairly softly. So Southern Europe, not a major part of the business but it was -- that was soft. But other parts were particularly strong. We could go through each of the geographies. Same thing, from a, you segment business as we also look at it, in major accounts and maybe the small, medium enterprise. But neither of those moved monolithically. We had certain customers that -- major customers that actually held back and are very judicious on their spending, and others that went ahead. And likewise, at the small or medium end. So again, but I wouldn't look at that as being trend. I view that as being more of a speaking to the individual excellence or foresight or whatever's going on individually in each company. Now, there was also a slight -- this is one I don't want people to react to -- but there was a slight tweaking up toward lease versus paid-up. But again, I'm not -- these are not these wholesale repeat of 2009 type of things. But as you mentioned paid-up versus -- yes, that was an element. We did see those particular things. But we also see a growth -- why do we look -- what do we look for in the second part of the business? First of all is the basically, the maturation of the recently hired salespeople. Second of all, we've got our baseline recurring business to build off. Third of all, we've got our major known customer engagements. And then finally, if you look at some other statistics that we've looked at, we've been -- we looked at the things like what's happening and, just as a specific statistic, over the last 6 weeks, the gross pipeline in North America for instance has actually grown 10%. So it is starting to accumulate a little bit. These are -- these aren't major -- and we're not expecting that -- we're certainly not expecting a major turnaround in the economy or major bumps there. We're assuming a little bit more of that going in. But you put those factors, combined with the fact that the overall velocity through the pipeline, people are continuing their judicious spending pattern, they are continuing to be very guarded on that. As I mentioned, there are a couple of projects that were just actually put on the table in -- till 2014. Now those are -- with the size of our customer base, we looked to other places to remove -- to actually overcome those things. And they're relatively minor in the grand scheme of things. But those are the changes that we see moving forward. And really, the motivating force behind the guidance, after we sift through quite a bit of volatility in the currency and some things like that.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then my one quick follow-up for Maria. Can you give us a sense the change in yen FX assumption? How much did that contribute to the full year revenue cut?
Maria T. Shields: About $10 million.
Operator: The next question will come from Perry Huang of Goldman Sachs.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask a question about deferred revenue. I guess compared to last year, it looks like there may have been a mix shift between deferred revenue and backlog for both current and long-term. Could you put out any more color here, especially for the current backlog piece? Perhaps whether the increase here may have been back to license revenue for the quarter?
Maria T. Shields: Yes, Perry, essentially what we did is we commented on this last quarter but we continue to work with our independent advisors relative to wanting to be in the mainstream from a GAAP perspective. So what they suggested we do to kind of get in line with other of our software peers is to leave on the balance sheet basically the current billing cycle. And everything else has moved off and is now reflected as backlog. So if you take a look in the prepared remarks, you can see that the total of deferred revenue plus the backlog for the year -- for the -- at the end of the quarter is $399 million. And that compares with a year ago, the same comparable number would be about $333.5 million.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. Yes, that makes sense. So there weren't any sort of any changes to contract terms?
Maria T. Shields: No. The contract terms haven't changed. It's just the application of GAAP and wanting to be more in line with other peers who have billings of our nature that are a combination of annual, from the legacy business. But a growing amount of these multiyear leases that come as a result of Apache. But also, as we have started to see, as we are cross-selling other products into that Apache base, they tend to like to keep that model of time-based licenses. And we're happy to work with them in any way that makes sense for them. Whether it's having as part of their operating budget or, in other cases, as a CapEx.
James E. Cashman: And likewise, we've been trends -- it's not just the Apache account with historical. Historically, we always provided annual leases, and it wasn't like this was any master plan many, many years ago. But it was just one that we flowed into when we found that there are a class of customers that actually like that longer-term perspective, but on a time-based or a release type of basis. So we've -- that's just one more way we've talked for years and we just want to provide the maximum number of avenues or remove the number of financial hurdles for customers to acquire the technology because it all works for us over the long-term with our recurring base and the growth elements.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And I guess, for the follow-up question. Again, also on large deals. I think, Jim, you just mentioned that some deals were canceled. Is there any more color you can provide here, for example, were these due to budget constraints? Were these new engagements? Or were they relatively well-seasoned before they got canceled?
James E. Cashman: Well, first of all, when we talk about the big deals, none of those got canceled, okay, I mean, just to be really clear. And like I say off that bump up there, I mean, we have a number where continue with the high renewal rates, and then with additional businesses, companies tend to graduate up into that level. I meant when I talked about the engagements, none of these were really major ones. Some of them are actually related to service engagements. And in fact, it was the service revenue, a little bit down but particularly in Europe, where the stronger part of our service business is, the economic realities of what were going on there tended to affect that disproportion. Now, I know we're talking about a small portion of a small number, but it all speaks to the macroeconomic hypothesis under which we're using partially to rig the sales on this business.
Operator: The next question will come from Steve Koenig of Wedbush Securities.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I'd like to take a look at your guidance reduction of about $25 million to $30 million or so. And so we know how much is from currency, kind of how much is organic, you've talked to that. If we take the non-currency part of it, so call it $20 million or whatever, I'd like to correlate that with kind of 2 things. First of all, how much of that would you attribute to the macro environment versus the challenges with North American execution ramping that staff?
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, first of all, I'd say that roughly, if you want to look at the Q1 shortfall, if you want to finger in the wind, it was probably mid-single digits. It might have been around that $5 million, $6 million, $7 million, and that's the ramp-up thing related to the new wing [ph]. We talked about $10 million from -- $10 million, a little bit north of that maybe, from the Japanese yen currency. We also talked about some of the other ones might soften a little bit. And then from that, you probably have another close to $10-ish kind of million that we think that, particularly in the 4 signs that we see in the environment, that we're gaining the business toward, if you look at the remainder of the year. I mean, that's just -- that's kind of the way it breaks down. Of course one of those things I'd say is that there is like we've always said, we run the business based around those things. But in the short-term, if the economy would pick up and demand picks up, we have no problem e-mailing new keys to customers with existing software. There's about 50,000-plus of them out there. And so we can definitely harvest that one, but we want to make sure we don't lean too far out over the edge if in fact there is something over the horizon on that. That's kind of the reasons why when we were a little bit soft on the Q1. We still had the decent earnings performance, actually above, and the like. So that's really the way that we kind of dissected the issue. Long-term, no real concerns apart from you don't want to see this kind of macro environment continue, it's been several years and to have it continue on for several more wouldn't be to our liking, but we'll adjust accordingly.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, it makes sense. It's -- I don't think anyone would ever describe your planning as not being prudent. I do want to ask though then, of that, of the stuff that's non-currency-related that you broke down for us, when you correlate that with your quantitative analysis, how does that fit with your quantitative analysis about assumptions concerning closed rates or pipeline? What are the quantitative factors that link to that reduction in guidance?
James E. Cashman: It will -- keep in mind, as I mentioned before, the pipelines are actually growing. Now part of that is because they're actually growing and part of it is because if it doesn't come out the spigot in the current quarter, it accumulates. So there is an accumulation but there is an actual growth involved in that also. But the overriding factor is the overall velocity of that pipe. If you look at closed rates, the closed rates over a longer period of time are about as good as they've been. However, they are slower. So if you take rate as the proportion that closes, no problem. If you look at the rate at which they close, that's the part that slows down. That's the part that's totally related to customer sentiment. Does that cover you?
Operator: The next question will come from Ross MacMillan of Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I just want to go back to something you said earlier and it's in relation to hiring the Chief Product Officer. You said certain shortcomings to applied delivery model exists, but that's not a long-term thing. And maybe I'm reading too much into it, but this year was a dot release on the ANSYS product, 14.5 rather than a 15.0 release. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but I'm just curious as you think forward, do you think that there's a chance that we could start to see ANSYS introduce products that are delivered in a different way? Perhaps more cloud-centric offerings? And if that's possible, what would you have us think about in terms of time frame?
James E. Cashman: Well, keep -- first of all, I want to clarify one thing. On the cloud thing, it's really the concept between the typical cloud applications are scatter-gather. And with ours, you have tightly-linked co-processing with thousands of processes. You've got issues of bandwidth, you've got issues of latency and things like that. That's why the model works perfectly well in an internal cloud environment, behind a firewall, and our customers -- many are using that model right now. For us to take it out to the broader range, which would make it much more accessible to a broader range of users, those are ones where there's going to be some technological advances in the general industry that's going to facilitate it. What we want to do is we want to take basically about a 12-year -- a 12-year running software-as-a-service offering that we still have right now. But now bring that up to the new realities of modern computing. And we want to be prepared for that. Now what that all translates into is, I think, is more of an overall growth model where it won't signal a fundamental shift in the way we deliver software, but it will signal a significant augmentation or flexibility to the way we do it. And that flexibility may be, as an entry-level point for people who might just have never entered, it's a relatively low-cost way to try or buy, which they can use our software, the service offering for right now. It also can be a way for companies to build up a certain level. But also very easily, switch to, if I can call it this, surge capacity for either unforeseen or temporary major increases in the usage pattern. So it's really one more kind of aspect of you buy it, sometimes you buy it, sometimes you short-term rent it, sometimes you long-term lease it. It provides a broader span of being able to buy that. The other thing that we've also seen that I think is going to be interesting adjunct is, obviously, while we have a good leadership position in each of our individual product lines, one thing that's very appealing long-term is the long -- is the basically, the co-utilization of that by customers. And we talked about that being a longer-term trend, but it's one that takes a long time for companies to absorb, reorganize, adjust processes to. And this is 1 model that makes it very easily for companies that may have centered on a subset of our technology to either experiment, expand or slowly wade into some of those other forms of simulation that they've had an interest in, but they just haven't gotten over that threshold point of using it.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. Maybe 1 follow-up. Maria, can you just remind me Esterel, roughly speaking the mix of revenue between Europe and other regions? And then, just on the EVEN acquisition, anything to think about there in terms of revenue contribution?
Maria T. Shields: So on Esterel, they're still largely -- the majority of theirs is European in nature.
James E. Cashman: Well, keep in mind, it was also a very small number, which is like -- kind of like pretty inconsequential. Small companies start near where they can build so being a European-based company that was their major outreach. I'm sorry, go ahead, Maria.
Maria T. Shields: Yes. And then on the EVEN side, there's not going to be much change. If you read some of the language describing EVEN, they actually were a partner of ours. And we've been basically their channel for revenues. So not -- neither material nor is it going to have a significant change on the reported results. You're basically going to have the same volume of revenue and you'll have, instead of royalties, we'll have an increase in R&D expense.
Operator: Your next question will come from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: A clarification on what's going into your guidance for the quarter and for the rest of the year. When we look at your direct and indirect revenue splits for the first quarter, looks like your indirect revenues were, in absolute terms, were about flat year-over-year. So what's your thinking in terms of the progression of indirect for Q2 and the rest of the year? And as well, last year in the second quarter, you had quite sure on growth in your perpetual revenues, up 16% year-over-year and Q2 of '12. Does your guidance for the current quarter encompass the possibility that perpetual revenues might be flat to down in the second quarter?
James E. Cashman: Well, first of all, I'll back up a little bit first part. First of all, again in this environment, with the turbulence and in particular areas where the currencies was most volatile, yes, the indirect channel did feel it a little bit more in Q1. It was probably not flat, but it was a net lower -- lower mid-single digits kind of -- lower single digits kind of range. So that part is absolutely correct. Now on the issue on the perpetual thing. Perpetual, likewise, it should be -- we're projecting it will be up in Q2, but still probably subdued in -- still in the below-double-digits range. So you're like in the single-digit kind of range also. So that means -- but that's already incorporated in. Some of that's related to macro. Some of it related to the slow, but continual upgrade or up ramp of the maturation of some of the new sales structures that we put in place. And if there was another aspect to that question, I'm sorry, I lost it. So you can repose it, I'll try to cover it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: No, that was it for the first question. As follow-up, but staying on the subject of license mix, when you look at your business by either vertical market dimension or by your 3 business units, MDU [ph] and so forth, are there any appreciable mix difference in terms of perpetual as a percentage of revenue, either by business unit or by vertical, if you could?
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, by vertical -- by vertical, really no substantial change. And really from product line, no real change, particularly if you segment the electronics business where the contour of the Apache business stayed about where it was, and the contour of the slightly different business model mix of the rest of the electronics simulation product stayed about where they were. And I guess, when I talk about the dimensions of the fact that geographies weren't monolithic, that company size wasn't monolithic, and for the large part, really, industries weren't monolithic. Even the industry variations we had weren't that supreme. Really they were weren't -- there weren't those kind of tie-ins either with our major product lines. So it -- I think there was some confluence of the natural concentration of industries within different regions of the world. And therefore, we'd see different physics lines that might have a greater predominance in different areas. But all of the physics lines were pretty much on par, but there were different levels of strengths across geographies and across industries in that.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. If I could just cheat a little and ask one more just to clarify your comments on employment. You mentioned you hired about 50 people in the quarter, or added 50 people in the quarter. And you're now focusing on sales productivity. When we look at your website, as of today, you're looking to hire about half as many sales-related positions as you had open 3 months ago in your report of Q4. Is that reduction in the open positions for sales, mostly a function of your having filled many of the prior positions and you are now focusing on productivity? Or you're just taking the gas off -- your foot off the gas anyway?
James E. Cashman: I'm sorry, your original hypothesis is correct. It was through the filling of those. And as we recall -- if you recall, we even signaled that we were going to actually be doing it before the start of the year. And of course, that didn't mean that we filled every one before the start of the year. But in fact the reduction there is largely related to that. And then the other thing is, what I'm saying is, we're not putting on the brakes but we don't have -- we're not pedal to the metal either on the acceleration based on things we're seeing.
Operator: The next question will come from Matt Williams of Evercore Partners.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just real quickly, you touched on it in your remarks but I guess, is there any more commentary around sort of linearity in the quarter? And if there was anything specific to what you're seeing in North America relative to the other geos, just around linearity?
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, around different -- regions had different performances. But linearity, slightly skewed a little bit. Because like we said in the remarks, and I'm just trying to be totally open on this, that it wasn't as high -- like I said, it wasn't as high as in our initial range or what we saw. So it did tend to soft -- the softening manifested itself more in the latter half, even the latter 1/3 of the quarter, okay. So that -- those are things that continued. So we definitely did see that and it was really just a stretching out of the cycles that happened there.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I guess just quickly, we've touched on it a little bit, maybe more so on the Esterel side, but just talk a little bit about the Apache performance and Esterel in the quarter, and any change to your outlook relative to those 2 acquisitions over the rest of the year?
James E. Cashman: Okay. The first thing I'd say is that -- and if I may just put a binary statement out there. The performance of those 2 were kind of right on target, as to what we said. Now the one that I always talk about for over a decade on this is the manner in which we go about the integration tends to now blur the lines of what was specifically one and what was specifically the other. So some of the things we did in terms of -- you've heard us talk maybe about combining our other offerings with Apache to do a comprehensive chip package system kind of simulation. So there are some blurs as to how things get -- how they get scored vis-à-vis the old methodology. But in aggregate, they were pretty much on target, pretty much on expectations.
Operator: The next question will come from Jason Rogers of Great Lakes Review.
Jason Rogers: Looking at your guidance through the quarter or the year, does that include any future share repurchases and what are your thoughts on the share repurchase, given your large cash balance and the current level of the stock?
Maria T. Shields: Jason, we've always said and we'll continue to say that to the extent there is a pullback in the stock price and it's attractive, we are absolutely going to use the cash to return shareholder value via share buybacks so...
James E. Cashman: It's not assumed.
Maria T. Shields: Yes. I don't think we've assumed it but I think if you look at our behavior historically that we'll see how things shake out today and to the extent that there is a pullback, we're definitely going to go in and use some of that cash.
James E. Cashman: Yes. But it wasn't built into -- it's not predicated on doing x million shares.
Jason Rogers: All right. And as a follow-up, the 50 new sales people that you added...
James E. Cashman: 50 total people, not just new sales people, some were added in Q4, I mean, just to clarify, but go ahead.
Jason Rogers: Well, are they mostly towards the quarter end or spread out throughout the quarter?.
Maria T. Shields: Spread.
James E. Cashman: They were spread. They were spread.
Operator: The next question will come from Matt Lemonager [ph] of Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Well, it's Steve Ashley. So I was just going to ask, in terms of -- you mentioned the linearity that towards the last half or 1/3 of the period, things started to slow. In what geos did you see that slowing as the period came to an end?
James E. Cashman: All of them, most notably, Asia Pacific. But and then Europe, North America, little bit. It was everywhere. So and I'm talking about really shades of distinction here. So it was pretty much across-the-board. But if you had to kind of put a photo finish on it, I'd probably say the overseas locations were just -- were slightly more tilted.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Perfect. And then you talked about the new sales recruits and maybe some disruption around that. Is that due to accounts being reassigned and the people getting new account coverages? I'm just trying to get a little color around that.
James E. Cashman: Well, I mean, first of all, whenever you add new salespeople, you have to put them in certain areas. And yes, there were -- those accounts were covered before. So obviously anything they get addressed to there will be some new sharing on there. But the lion's share of it is just how quickly somebody can build that personal relationship, make the first contact, actually effectively communicate things. And on top of it, the same thing. We had salespeople that had actually proven themselves and they've grown into sales management positions. And so you actually have a little bit of newness there, people who were very good at doing and now they have to help others do. And if those others are a mix of new and veteran people. And again, nothing non-standard here. This is just a normal maturation of a growing standpoint, but it was something that we could measurably and demonstrably see.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Terrific. And then just lastly, can you comment on the renewal rates you saw in your maintenance and license business?
James E. Cashman: Basically no fundamental change.
Operator: The next question comes from Barbara Coffey from Standard & Poor's.
Barbara Coffey - S&P Equity Research: Yes. I have quick questions. I'm trying to get my arms around sort of the slowdown at the end of the quarter. Was it industry-specific, where there's sort of bigger projects just getting pushed off or stalled? You kind of spoke to a little bit of that, but could you give us some more color?
James E. Cashman: No, well, I mean, there wasn't any geographic specificity. I mean you can look at some things. For instance, in India, there's a lot of turmoil around the -- let's say, the government versus legal versus industrial and all will be -- all the things that are going on there. But I mean, those are all spot kind of occurrences. So no there really wasn't anything that tracked along those levels. Like I said, none of these things were monolithic and we saw evidences, different threads, if you will, in each aspect, whether we were looking at industry or geography.
Barbara Coffey - S&P Equity Research: Okay. And were there any sort of hold-out industries that just continued to execute through everything?
Maria T. Shields: Electronics in certain geographies.
James E. Cashman: Well, again, but that wasn't monolithic either. I mean...
Maria T. Shields: No.
James E. Cashman: So yes, in general, the industry that we talked about, it wasn't like they monolithically moved. And in fact, the separation between them and the lesser-performing industries wasn't as great as previous times. But automotive continued to push, electronics continued to push. And we mentioned biomed plus a relatively smaller but growing aspect of what we're moving on. But we also -- we saw, and this might have been counterintuitive, but in the industrial equipment side, we saw a number of decent things. But that was also more tightly tied to, if you will, the Pareto 20% of companies as opposed to everybody in the industry. I don't think we saw any industry where it was kind of like just by virtue of being in that industry, it automatically implies that they were going gangbusters.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Jim Cashman for his closing remarks.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Thanks, Denise, and thanks, everybody, for -- I know we went for a long time on the Q&A, but we also want to make that time available to you guys. So basically I'll just say, in closing, I'll say the emphasis for Q2 and the remainder of 2013, like we've said throughout this call, is it's going to be on continued growth, customer development and really improved execution across all aspects of the business, including that ramped up maturation of the sales engine. So no doubt, there's still a tremendous amount of long-term optimism here. It's driven by continued positive customer receptivity to our vision. But we also -- keep in mind, even with all the stuff we've talked about, I think we've demonstrated yet one more chapter of our resilient business model. And, of course, a major hallmark of that is that we've got great, loyal customers, good partners. Obviously, we've got superior technology and as we've mentioned, a growing base of exceptional employees. So -- however, in the environment, we're balancing this with the short time -- short-term kind of caution that we've talked about. So thanks to all those people that have participated in getting us to where we are and where we're going. And thanks to you for this call and we'll see you all next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-28 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Strategy Committee Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Aashiv Shah - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ANSYS Q4 and Fiscal Year End Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jim Cashman, President and CEO. Please go ahead.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Thanks, Ashley. Good morning, and again, thank you, everyone, for joining us to discuss ANSYS' Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2012 Financial Results. Okay, for you first-time attendees, and consistent with the protocol that we've used over the last couple of years, all of the general information and key topics relative to the quarter and the full year business results, as well as our future outlook, are included in this month's earnings -- sorry, this morning's earnings release and in the prepared remarks that we posted on the home page of our Investor Relations website this morning. But before we get started, I'd like to introduce Maria Shields, our CFO, for our Safe Harbor statement. So Maria?
Maria T. Shields: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to remind you that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the world and our business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. Consistent with our standard practice, during the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K. And on a last note, I'd like to remind everyone that the ANSYS team will be hosting an Investor Day here in Pittsburgh on March 14 at the Renaissance Hotel. We're very excited about the event. And if you're interested to learn more about it, please see our website at ansys.com for more details about the meeting and the webcast. So Jim, I'll turn the call back over to you.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Thanks, Maria. Before we get into the Q&A, I'd like to briefly highlight a few important points about our Q4 and 2012 results and the assumptions that we used to build our Q1 and 2013 outlook. So I'll begin by saying that Q4 and the full year were milestone periods for ANSYS in many respects. We're really pleased that we were able to finish out the year with a strong close. This is evidenced by our record Q4 financial performance. It exceeded the upper end of guidance for both non-GAAP revenue and earnings. In constant currency, we delivered 12% revenue growth in Q4 and an annual revenue growth of 17%. We also reported double-digit growth within most of our major geographic regions for both the fourth quarter and the full year and in both major categories of revenue, license and maintenance for the full year. The top line performance, in turn, yielded strong margins, cash flows and earnings for the quarter and for the year. In the fourth quarter, ANSYS heightened our dedication to partnering with customers to achieve their vision of delivering ANSYS 14.5. The many new features in this release are built on the Workbench platform to allow the evolution of streamlined workflows among simulation applications. ANSYS 14.5 delivers critical multiphysics solutions, enhancements to pre-processing and meshing capabilities, as well as a new parametric high-performance computing, or HPC, licensing model to make design exploration more scalable. And if you want any more information on this, there's a lot of detail, so check out the details at ansys.com. Now we really believe that the combination of the breadth and depth of our simulation capabilities, combined with the power, scalability, flexibility and openness of the Workbench platform, puts us in a unique performance position, not only to continue to increase our footprint and expand our relationships within our existing extensive installed base, but also to solve new classes of problems for emerging adopters. So as we look back at our progress over the course of 2012, we continued to make important strides with a vast and broad array of customers, spread across all geographies and industries. We continued to see the increasing importance of product innovation, integrity and quality as critical business issues requiring the use of advanced simulation. For example, in automotive, we see strong R&D investments continuing globally, led by sustainability, efficiencies and smart system development. In addition to increasing utilization of electronics for safety, performance and entertainment systems, similarly, across the -- most industry's growth is being driven by increasing product complexity, emerging product segments and mobility of smart products and the increased adoption of electronics and software. All of these are areas that drive the increased interest in and need for our unique multiphysics capability. In each of these cases, rapid understanding of extremely complex problems with a high degree of fidelity and accuracy is essential. And these are the key tenets of the ANSYS vision and strategy. Now our vision basically is predicated on the ability to simulate increasingly complex systems comprised of mechanical, electrical and software components, all in a virtual environment at the speed of thought. And the addition of Esterel enabled us to co-simulate the impact of software within our traditional system simulations. So in short, everything that we accomplished in 2012, I think you'd find that it was completely aligned with what we discussed as our key priorities and commitments at Investors Day last March. So I'd echo Maria's sentiments to not miss this upcoming one, if you can make it. So no doubt, the array of global uncertainties and customer caution, particularly in the back half of 2012, posed challenges. And from what we are seeing and hearing from our customers, those challenges will continue to some degree as we head into 2013. So the result of this is that we've initiated our outlook on revenue and EPS for Q1. So we're looking at non-GAAP revenue in the range of $200 million to $206 million and EPS in the $0.67 to $0.70 range. Now we've also updated our fiscal year 2013 outlook to reflect the movements in currency, most notably the 13% negative swing in the rate of the Japanese yen and a 5% negative for the pound. Since we -- this is all since we provided our initial guidance in 2013 back in early November. So what this means is our updated outlook is for non-GAAP revenue in the range of $880 million to $905 million, and we've maintained our 2013 EPS in the range of $3 to $3.12. Now more details around currency rates and other key assumptions are contained in the prepared remarks that we posted on our Investor Relations home page earlier this morning. From a qualitative perspective, our current guidance takes into account the uncertainty that is persisting in the various geographies throughout the world and a continued level of spending discipline that we're still seeing in our customers. And that just adds variability around any predictability and timing of deal closings. Basically, these are just realities of today's environment, and there are things that can and will happen that we have no control over. However, there are a couple of certainties: the first is the long-term confidence we have in the vision that we've been pursuing for more than a decade; and secondly is our commitment to invest from a long-term perspective in the realization of that vision. With this in mind, we'll continue to be cognizant of short-term realities and factor those into our business plan and our guidance. So with that, I'm going to open up the phone now, and we'd be happy to take any questions that you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Steve Ashley of Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess a question on the North American business. Net revenue was up 5%. I know when we checked in last time in the third quarter, that business area had been soft, and I think you had expected it to remain challenging. So I'm sure it was fairly consistent with what you thought, but I'm wondering if you could comment on deal slippage at the end of the period and what kind of pipeline domestically you enter the coming year with? And if you've seen any improvement in the tone of business domestically here since we've crossed into the New Year?
James E. Cashman: Well, I'd say we've -- I wouldn't say we've seen either improvement or decay, frankly. And in fact, it was pretty much in line with our expectations, largely around the fact of the Q4 comparable in North America was strong. And we had that factored into all of our numbers. In other parts of the world, though, is where we saw some of the things where there was either surprising strength or resiliency, or in excess of what we had. So really, really no surprises. But North America is probably one of those hallmarks of the -- some of the variability and unpredictability of things that we can see. So -- and that's where you'll manifest things that trend, that go across multiple months which could then transcend quarters and years.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And Maria, just lastly, maybe on Esterel, I don't know if you want to comment on what kind of revenue we might expect in the first quarter and full year for Esterel?
Maria T. Shields: Yes, right now, in our guidance, we're thinking for Q1 around $5 million and roughly about $23 million for the full year, and that's non-GAAP.
Operator: And our next question comes from Richard Davis of Canaccord.
David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: This is DJ on the call for Richard. So Jim, I guess when you think about the 3 drivers of growth that you guys have talked about in the past, those being number of users, density and intensity of use, can you talk about which lever has been the most effective, how you think about this evolving as you look at '13? And then maybe the follow-up would be on -- can you touch on the high-performance computing initiatives and how that fits in the growth and strategy?
James E. Cashman: Well -- oh, I'm sorry. Was that the full question?
David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Yes, that's it.
James E. Cashman: Okay, the -- well, to answer both parts of that question, and the first thing, no doubt, the intensity has gone up. You'll notice that we've -- customers that have been having difficulty hiring -- we've had difficulty hiring. You just -- you check the website, we're really trying to do that. I mean, we're not going to compromise on the quality of people that we bring in. But there's no secret there that we've been trying to build that up. And our customers are doing the same thing, actually have probably been doing a lot of leveraging of the high-performance computing to maybe compensate for some of the human assets things. With that in mind, I'd say probably right now, there's probably -- again, this dynamic of those 3 dimensions changed quite a bit. But it's probably a distant second and third with not much separation between them, between probably the increase in users going up a little bit. And at this point in time, the -- probably, the -- what we call in terms of the density or so is some of the cross-simulation. It's still progressing, but it's still in its early stages. So I kind of rank them that way, and I wouldn't be totally surprised if intensity was still strong in the middle of the year and if there was other -- if some of the other factors kind of varied in their position because all 3 of them are going to play out over the next 10 years.
David E. Hynes - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Got it. And then, that's a good segue into the kind of the second question around density of usage. I mean, now that you've had Esterel in the mix for a few months, what are you seeing in terms of appetite from existing customers? Is that in line with expectations, better than expectations? And then update us on where we are and what needs to be done from an integration perspective?
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, we -- actually, the key thing is that from an integration standpoint, there are already things that we've been able to do in terms of using that as a reduced-order model kind of play. But obviously, in the first few months, it's very, very early. And from a technical elegance standpoint, there's a lot of things we're going to be doing over the next year that actually kind of bring that in, in the manner in which people have come to expect of the breadth of our ANSYS products. So right now, I'd say that what we're trying to do is make sure that our -- let's say, there's a lot of customer interest. What we're mostly trying to do is make sure that we're thoroughly qualifying and vetting that interest, such that the fairly large ANSYS indirect and direct sales force doesn't overwhelm the capacities of a relatively small Esterel team. So what we're doing is we've been very selective in terms of picking main, targeted accounts that we already have been in discussion with and determine the most appropriate thing there. So I think you're going to see that kind of approach in there. So I guess summarizing is, the initial kind of data integration and tying together specific workflows, already done. A lot of work remaining to be done in terms of the full embedding in terms of the ANSYS solution and very strong customer -- let's say, customer intrigue in terms of, oh yes, these are the kinds of problems we're confronted with. But we're dealing with that advanced vanguard. We really are looking at how they'll be able to effectively do co-simulation within the next year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ross MacMillan of Jefferies.
Aashiv Shah - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Aashiv on for Ross. Just a couple of quick questions here. One, can you give us an update on Japan? It looks like the growth rate there was better in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter or so. Have you seen any signs of improvement there?
James E. Cashman: It's going to be a long-term prospect, not only from the Japanese economy standpoint, but from the things that we want to do to continue to build that out. So yes, it's encouraging, but I wouldn't say that the past is anywhere done, at least to what we want to do. However, one thing that is in place is -- one thing that we can -- is actually measurable is the -- we talked about some of the staffing and headcount things, and we've actually made a lot of progress on that. Now the only thing I'll say is, if you look at the fact that we're pretty unique in our market position and our technology, it does take time for any new employee to kind of absorb and ramp up. So there's going to be a built-in latency in there. However, it's a much better situation than saying, oh, we're looking for people and then we'll have to ramp up. We're in that. I think we've seen some of the first glimmering signs of progress, but mission is not accomplished yet.
Aashiv Shah - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and your cash from operations was down year-over-year. Can you walk me through what changed there?
James E. Cashman: You want to take...
Maria T. Shields: Yes, it's just a change in tax payments. We had larger tax payments this year than we did a year ago. Yes...
James E. Cashman: I think around $40 million.
Maria T. Shields: About $40 million.
James E. Cashman: I don't know if we beat that because I...
James E. Cashman: Did you hear it?
Aashiv Shah - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes. I got it, $40 million change in tax payments, right?
Maria T. Shields: Yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So there was a question earlier that wasn't very clear, and I apologize if...
Maria T. Shields: Sterling, we're having a hard time hearing you.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is that any better?
James E. Cashman: That's better.
Maria T. Shields: That's better.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I was saying...
Maria T. Shields: That's even better.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: On an earlier question, with sequestration staring us in the face, and looking at North America, have you seen any impact in the business? And how did you factor that into your first quarter guidance?
Maria T. Shields: I wouldn't say sequestration is -- sequestration, to me, is just another level of uncertainty. There was the fiscal cliff before it. The reality is a lot of it, Sterling, is, as Jim commented, we're seeing a lot of the customer trends that we saw in the second half of 2012 as we head into 2013. So the interest is high, the pipelines are good, but there is customer caution. And so we'll continue to work with our customers, and the one good thing that we are seeing is those customers who have multiple-year projects are investing because when the tide turns, they want to be prepared to go to market with really cool products.
James E. Cashman: In general, we've heard very little of specific denotation of sequestration. I mean, there are a lot of people that are viewing that whole circus in different terms. So we really -- but the fact that we haven't heard it ourselves doesn't mean that there may be some people that it's a factor in their mind. What we do is we take out -- take the net thing, as Maria said, combine it in with the aggregate insecurity that companies are feeling, and then that actually factors to our forecast. So nothing that's spelled out for that, nor have we had a major rash of customers identifying that as the long pole in the tent.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And in the prepared remarks, I think you talked about 4 customers had $10 million or more in spend last year, up from 1 the year before. Can you remind us, are those all lease revenues, so it's recurring? And...
James E. Cashman: So they're combinations. They're very heavily recurring-oriented.
Maria T. Shields: In tax or lease.
James E. Cashman: Basically, tax or lease, the enhancement subscriptions, the product support maintenance kind of thing and lease, so there's a -- and historically, that's usually been about 70% to 75% of the buildup. So, if anything, kind of even above our normal recurring rates, which is kind of good because we've been talking about our major customers growing more. And obviously, the rest of that is new business, which means they're also ramping up. And I wouldn't -- the whole thing I'd see is just like the all -- 15 years ago when we had 6 bigger customers, eventually, they grew into $7 million and they just -- once they get over the threshold, it's a pretty broad band. So it -- what it is, is just a continuing buildup. It's pretty consistent with the long-term market thesis that we've been presenting for many years.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and last question. How should we think about organic growth in 2013? It feels to me like you've factored in some of that macro uncertainty, but maybe some acceleration as we move through the year? Is that the right way to think about it?
Maria T. Shields: We all need -- Sterling, for the most part, everything is organic now. You've got a little bit of Esterel, but it's such a small piece. But the rest of the business is all what we consider organic.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Koenig of Wedbush.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I want to ask you, Jim, on when you think about the worldwide pipeline and you can answer -- or however you want to, but not just North America, but worldwide. When you look at safe of that pipeline, starting out 2013 here, does it look back-end loaded? Kind of how does that look to you time-wise, compared to the normal?
James E. Cashman: Got you. Well, first of all, it's building. First of all, it's building, but that's easy -- that's an easy thing to say. But the one thing is, if you look at what we're seeing, yes, it is back-end loaded. And the back-end loading, quite frankly, is, if anything, a measure of, with the uncertainty, things flow a little bit slower. So if things are -- if new opportunities continue to pile up at the same or greater rate, but they come out of the spigot a little bit slower, yes, there is going to be buildup and it does come out later in the year. And that, in fact, is what we're seeing. We're not expecting a gangbuster remainder, I mean, last half of the year, but we are -- but we do see modest improvements, and disproportionately back half.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: And Jim, is any of that predicated on the notion of the economic improvement in the back half, or is it just back-end loaded as-is, independent of your economic assumptions?
James E. Cashman: Well, it -- I mean, frankly, it's difficult to decouple those, and it's a little of both, frankly.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Yes, okay. And then maybe a related question, so what will it take to see kind of more of a low-teens level organic constant currency growth for ANSYS? Is that purely a function of the economic environment? Or are there things you can do, et cetera?
James E. Cashman: Well, there are -- I mean, there are always things we can do. You have to make sure that they're not kind of like the -- a form of stimulus that might cost more than it takes to put it in. So we're always trying to balance those particular things and, in fact, you'll see that. I mean, as I mentioned, our long-term premise is we're investing. You look at the people that we're trying to hire, but I'm talking about quality people that we'd be happy to have with us for 10 or 15 years, not 6-month stopgap kind of people. And that's the kind we've always gone for. So that investment is definitely continuing on.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe one last question. Jim, you piqued my interest on the -- when you talked about the parametric licensing model for HPC. Can you talk about that a little bit more and kind of how that relates to revenue?
James E. Cashman: Well, basically, it's the overall issue of -- there's 2 fundamental premises to how you utilize leverage computing, and one of which is high-performance computing, which solves -- can solve big problems. You also have parametric packs, and that allows people to look at design -- a broad range of design alternatives, but look at them in parallel as opposed to plowing through them serially, which some people may say, "So what?" But if you're trying to race out a new cell phone or you're trying to race out something in times that's very calendar-dependent, being able to do that in parallel versus just stringing it out for months, or if you're trying to solve an environmental disaster of some sort or remediate some kind of a problem or market problem, you'll -- being able to go through that is particularly key. And this has really been kind of an evolving body, much as the way as -- we've had the software-as-a-service kind of model out there long before cloud was even a word. And there's just -- there's an evolving path in terms of how people are deploying and utilizing this thing. I talk about mobility solutions and some of the things we're doing there. So if you look at it, there's a whole range of additional things to make this software more available on a continual basis. And those models are continuing to evolve just like you see in almost any other kind of software distribution model. So HPC is one element of that. It takes into account running classes of problems that just really weren't envisioned 10 years ago because the computing wouldn't handle them. And this is just one more step along that way. We're just trying to make it easier for customers to take advantage of that kind of capability and get the leverage from it.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: And just lastly, does -- how do we think about the impact on revenues from that?
James E. Cashman: Well, it's actually built into the guidance, and actually, that's one reason why, even if you see that companies are adding a bunch of new users and things like that, we've always talked about how that can continue to grow. So actually, there's no doubt that the HPC is growing more fastly. It's -- and it's really just a form of that intensity of usage metric that we were talking about on one of the earlier questions. And it does speak to an increased use of simulation, albeit in this way in an automated form versus a brute force form.
Operator: And our next question comes from Perry Huang of Goldman Sachs.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was also hoping to ask a question on guidance. Full year revenue guide, the range was lowered by about $5 million. Was this -- yes, was this due solely to FX or was this a net change? For example, maybe a decrease from FX offset by an increase to the core business on a constant currency basis?
James E. Cashman: Well, yes, bottom line is, it was largely a currency correction. However, some of the forecast just showed that there's a little -- I mean, we're not talking about projecting an early massive ramp-up of demand in revenue. However, obviously, we didn't drop the guidance as much as you might imply from currency rates and things like that. So yes, we're not heralding a major new trend here. But there are some positive aspects in there, but we also wanted to update on currency. And really, that's how it all nets out. So it's...
Maria T. Shields: It's kind of [indiscernible].
James E. Cashman: Yes, it's basically still -- it's still a solid or possibly a tweak, as it was back when we talked about November.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And if I could, just for a follow-up, a question about capital allocation. With the share repurchases in the quarter and the recent increase in the authorization, should we think about any changes to your capital allocation strategy, or more a continuation of being more opportunistic when it makes sense?
James E. Cashman: Well, I'd say, it's more continuous, more of a continuation. But obviously, with the number of peaks and valleys that seem to happen on a month-by-month basis, it obviously creates more opportunities for us, and to wanted to be prepared to take advantage of those because, frankly, if you look at it over the long term, it's a pretty decent thing to do. I mean, we still -- I mean, I'd just continue on saying, we still are looking at -- #1 on our list are sensible and strategic acquisitions. I mean, there is no doubt that, that's our first one. But there's a very good case to be made for viewing ourselves as an investment.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Schappel of Benchmark.
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Jim, switching gears a little bit, the shale gas industry has been one of the bright spots in the U.S. manufacturing sector, and given that, that is pretty much taking place in your backyard, I was wondering if you're seeing any meaningful impact on your business from shale gas drillers or related industries?
James E. Cashman: Yes, it's been tough for us to find space to grow ourselves because they're...
Maria T. Shields: Taking all the land.
James E. Cashman: They're taking all of the -- and I mean, for their own operation, not for the drilling. But no, there is no doubt -- and actually, what happens is, whenever there's money there, I wouldn't say that this is almost like, if you will, the equivalent of a manufacturing boom using pretty standard techniques that are already in place. However, when you have that, it always tends to bring in an additional interest in R&D for efficiency for safety, for sustainability, for all sorts of things like that. And we start to see, not necessarily from these areas where mostly the drilling may be going on, but in the areas of the parent companies where the processes and equipment is being done. So we start to see a ramp-up in there. It's very analogous to what we saw where it used to be oil, petroleum with the various -- there were very standard ways of doing things. But when the cost of oil got very costly, then, oh, now we're putting more R&D into how do we drill deeper, how do we look at alternate forms of energy, things like that. And it's really, if you will, on a smaller scale, it's just kind of a microcosm of what we've witnessed from those other industries. But net-net, anytime you're seeing a rapid growth in something relatively new, it usually spells out at least good long-term opportunity for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from Blair Abernethy of Stifel.
Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Jim, I wonder if you could just follow up on the sequester question. Can you just give us a little more color on 2012? How much of your business was from the U.S. federal government in 2012? Was it a material amount? I don't think that it was, but just to frame that up for us? And then your pipeline -- and your pipeline going forward, too, how much of your pipe is U.S. federal?
James E. Cashman: Well, first of all, it's a very small part. Second of all, I mean, we've gone on record and it's in all our filings, we don't have any single customer or entity that represents, well, safely under 5% -- more than 5%. It's actually smaller than that when you do the math. But apart from that, then you've got the other thing of there are customers we have that aren't technically part of the federal government. Some of them may or may not be buying under GSA, but they still may be affected, different contractors that may be involved. And it gets really difficult sometimes to cut through that. So there are obviously issues, but sometimes, what we find is those shifts are actually now pushing away from all technologies, which were largely in the manufacturing stage, and more into new initiatives that are actually in the R&D stage, and that actually plays a little bit more into our sweet spot. So anytime you see an innovation cycle going on, it's pretty decent for us. I mean, we -- this is somewhat, again, analogous to what we might've seen in the electronics industry when electronics were going quite well for us, even if chip cycles were going down because the innovation that was happening in R&D in rough times to bridge over into the next period, they wanted to be ready when it came out. And we see that, that kind of repeated a number of times. But basically, net that out is there still are opportunities that we're seeing in the federal government. Second of all, it's really not a major part of our business. So we're really -- we're not really seeing huge amounts of impact, again, aggregated in with the overall demand function we're seeing and, therefore, coupled in with the guidance.
Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And the second question is just around pricing, and particularly on maintenance pricing. Can you just comment on what the environments are like out there right now versus, say, a year ago. Is it staying the same, getting better, getting worse?
James E. Cashman: Well, it actually is -- could stay very stable, good, after returning to its solid level. If anything, it tends -- right now, it's tending to inch up. I don't think that's statistically significant because, as we saw in 2009, companies need a lot of business so they can temporarily tighten things. But right now, the renewal rates are really good. It's just -- I'd categorize it as characteristically and historically strong, and no major change. The other thing is, keep in mind, though, that we also -- coming out with a pretty significant release with ANSYS 14.5, which I've mentioned briefly on the call. That usually tends to solidify renewal rates, too, because there's that almost instant gratification that comes back with it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Greg Halter of Great Lakes Review.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: You obviously already commented briefly on your building there. But just wondered what the status is, if you're ahead, behind or have run into problems so far with the new building.
Maria T. Shields: No. Well, the -- there's actually 2 buildings that are "involved" in the new headquarters. The brand new facility, we've not even broken ground yet. That's really for as we head into later in 2013. The other piece of property that we bought as the first [indiscernible], we are on plan. We've done the demolition, and we'll begin constructing it so that the back half of -- you'll see it in what we've guided relative to capital, and you'll also see in the back half of the year some onetime costs related to starting to move some of the functions out of this building into that new building. And we're actually very fortunate we got that building because to -- as an earlier caller mentioned, we are having a commercial real estate boom right here in our backyard. So we're happy and fortunate that we were able to get that as part of our expansion plans.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: That is excellent. And is -- do you expect any sort of quantifiable cost benefits out of the moves that we'll be able to see at some point?
James E. Cashman: Well, yes, well, I mean...
Maria T. Shields: Well, yes. The per-person costs will go down. But probably, quantifiable, the good thing is we will be able to now consolidate the workforce here in the Pittsburgh area. So instead of having an office here at Southpoint, an office downtown, we can put those teams together. And we have always seen that when we put the teams together, the amount of innovation that, that can spark when they're in the same place and exchanging ideas always is a good thing for us and our customers.
James E. Cashman: Yes, but the time frame is with that deal -- Maria mentioned we haven't even broken ground yet, and the really the move is looking toward the last -- at the end of 2014. So by the time you see that -- but the key point is, and one of factors we looked at was the cost per headcount for just the housing really was going to go down. Now that's also on a growing body of people. So -- but it was going to be more efficient, and it was really one that was really kind of designed around our operations.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: And one other quick one for you. It looked like the Apache business was quite strong. I just wondered -- I don't know if you touched on it, but if you could touch on what's going on there? I think it's apples-to-apples because the deal was done in August?
James E. Cashman: That's correct.
Maria T. Shields: Yes.
James E. Cashman: Yes, yes, yes. That's the earlier comment of, essentially, we're organic-to-organic in the numbers we say. But Apache has continued to progress right on or a little bit ahead of projections. I think one of the key things that you'll also start to see is that we've been able to -- actually, they build in on the revenues as they -- as you look at it, they are probably even slightly ahead on the margin improvement as they start -- as we start to build them into the ANSYS model. Secondarily is I've got to say that the technology teams of our existing electronics group and the Apache group, in terms of combining, co-simulating some of the specific capabilities in terms of a pretty comprehensive chip package system capability, has also sparked a lot of interest, which I think has tended to help strengthen both of those. So I mean, we see all of those going on, but it's pretty much as expected with even some slight upside surprises.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, I'd like to ask first about your vertical markets. Specifically, when you look at some of your largest verticals, electronics, auto, industrial and so forth, are there any particular trends that stand out with respect to preferences within any or each with regard to perpetual versus lease revenues? And the reason I ask is one of your large peers in the group recently spoke about a growing preference, at least among its customers, for product rentals. And I'm wondering if you're beginning to see anything like that for yourselves? And then a couple of follow-ups.
James E. Cashman: Well, actually, the thing is, we're not seeing a whole lot of change in the customer procurement and demand. But even some of them are going through different views of the historical model of how you implement -- how do you implement internal dedicated systems versus private cloud versus public cloud. So I mean, there could be some changes along those lines. We're really not seeing a major shift. Other than the fact that leases remain very strong, it -- the overall mix really isn't changing, nor does the -- nor has the -- at least the stated customer preference. But frankly, we've been agnostic on that for years. So go ahead.
Maria T. Shields: But one thing, Jay, is the Apache part of the business continues to be a time-based license business, as it was historically before the acquisition.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Right, right. But just a clarification from an earlier comment. You mentioned that renewal rates remained up high. Is that true across the board by vertical, or any [indiscernible] at all other than any verticals in terms of renewal activity?
James E. Cashman: No. Well, I have to say, in general, we've seen nothing that would indicate that it's mostly varying. In fact, if it varied widely in any industry, we'd probably -- that couldn't happen without seeing some movement in there. It's just stayed so categorically high. We're not seeing anything on the vertical standpoint. I think the other comment on at least -- the customers are at least wrestling with this. It's kind of like on something where there's a very intense shared kind of demand for something, they tend to like to keep that more inside, probably -- and probably distribute it through a private cloud kind of standpoint. It's one they're kind of testing the waters or they're only loosely involved with it, that they'll tend to look at that usually as kind of a trial period. But again, that's -- I think we're very early in what appears to be some changing customer sentiments. And again, we're -- we've been prepared for years with any of the eventuality. So whichever way it comes, we're just interested in getting more people using it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: All right. Two last ones, a broader question about the competitive structure of simulation. You're aware, of course, that Siemens PLM bought LMS. And LMS historically has not always competed with you widely, necessarily. Nonetheless, with this acquisition, they do now seem to have become the second-largest vendor in simulation, along with what they had already and totally. So if you could perhaps talk about just the structure of the market. And then lastly, at your analyst meeting last year, you spoke about your intention to invest in services because you saw the importance of that to inducing license adoption. Did you -- or could you talk about how you invested there last year and your plans for this year along those lines?
James E. Cashman: Okay. Let's see. I'm going to try it. Okay, so the -- obviously, the -- I don't see the competitive landscape changing a whole lot because the traditional CAD or PLM players have been moving in this direction. Siemens had been involved in one of the early Nastran-related activities. And with LMS, it's a good solid capability, a collection of more smaller products that, as you correctly assessed, sometimes we overlap with, but it's not really across the board. So I don't see an overall change there, other than the fact that companies are doing more with acquisitions as part of their own capital buildup kind of strategy. Now on the services aspect, we basically -- basically, if you go on the website, you'll also notice that there is a fair amount of support people. We added quite a few throughout the remainder of the year. But if you recall from the Investor Day, I also commented a little bit that, that's kind of a slow ramp-up. Because really what you're trying to do, it's not like people need to put existing nuts on existing bolts. And therefore, we just need more people to twist them on. There's really kind of a long-term engagement planning, auditing process that needs to go on. So it's one of those things that we view as being pretty essential to building up over the next 5 years, but we don't view that as hanging out a shingle and ramping up things in the 3- to 4-month kind of time frame. The kind of services we're talking about are not the traditional services that have been historically viewed in this market, and that's helping people build models, demonstrating it, we'll give them the right kind of solutions and building up their confidence along this way. It's really now evolving processes to -- that really take advantage of the capabilities that simulation can do in terms of changing the landscape of their own internal development processes. And anytime you change organizations and processes and things like that, it takes a long time. And I don't -- you can't vote on these because they -- you don't want them throwing out good processes for better ones if they don't have a smooth transition and a way of doing it. And it's really something we've been talking about for years, Simulation-Driven Product Development. It's the whole point of getting simulation upfront, being able to answer what-if questions. And that's why we think the virtual world is a really good staging ground for product innovation.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back to Mr. Jim Cashman for any closing remarks.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, thanks to everybody. But in closing, 2012, another strong year for ANSYS. But that one's in the books. But we're also excited about the opportunities that lie ahead in 2013. We acknowledge, like everybody is saying, there are going to be challenges along the way. We saw it in 2009, '10, '11, '1,2, so -- but the emphasis on 2013 is going to be the ongoing integration of the Apache and Esterel businesses, combined with a continued focus on our own technological expansion and differentiation, execution, growth, customer engagement, all those key things that -- they may sound boring, but they've served us well over a really long time frame. We believe, as it was mentioned on the questions, that if the economic environment does indeed improve into the back half of 2013 or into 2014, we're well positioned to achieve even more robust financial targets. Again, I'll just give my normal shout out, though, but we continue to be propelled by a strong combination of, we think, a vision that's got a long life left in it and has served us over a long time, a business model that helps us navigate through a wide range of economic uncertainties. A real shout out to our customers, many of which who have been with us 20, 30 or more years, partners, great technology and, of course, the exceptional employees that we're still trying to ramp up the numbers of. So thanks for joining us this morning, and we look forward to talking to you at the next call, but more importantly, maybe even seeing many of you at our upcoming Investor Day here in Pittsburgh. So signing out from Pittsburgh, thanks.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-01 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Strategy Committee Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ANSYS Third Quarter 2012 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jim Cashman. Please go ahead, sir.
James E. Cashman: Okay, thanks, Maureen. Good morning, and again, thanks, everyone, for joining us to discuss the ANSYS Third Quarter 2012 Financial Results. And consistent with what we've been doing all of this year, all of the general information and key topics relative to the third quarter and the year-to-date business results, as well as our future outlook, are included in the earnings release and in the prepared remarks that we posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. So before we get started, I'd like to introduce Maria Shields, CFO, and would you give us our Safe Harbor statement, please?
Maria T. Shields: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the world and our business as of today and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date that these are made. Consistent with our standard practice, during the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release, materials and the related Form 8-K. So Jim, I'll turn it back to you.
James E. Cashman: Okay, Thanks, Maria. Before the Q&A, I'd like to briefly highlight a few key points about our Q2 results and our updated 2012 outlook, as well as our preliminary 2013 outlook. Actually, before I get into that I just want to send condolences and best wishes out to all of those on the East Coast who are dealing with their own versions of tragic and challenging times, so we wish everybody the best as they start to recover and rebuild from the events of recent days. So anyway, moving onto Q3. In summary, I'll say it like Q3 was a very good quarter for ANSYS in many respects. In fact, it was the highest revenue and earnings quarter of any third quarter in our history. And this morning, we reported revenue growth of 16% in constant currency and 12% EPS growth, or $200 million in non-GAAP revenue and $0.74 in non-GAAP EPS. This was in the midrange of our guidance for revenue and beyond the high end of our range for earnings. This yielded deferred revenue balance of $306 million, which is also a new record high for Q3. Both software and maintenance revenues grew in double digits. All 3 of our major geographies delivered double-digit constant currency growth and our industry composition remains strong as we maintained our diversity, while leveraging our continuing strength in various sectors, most notably this quarter, including Automotive, Aerospace and Defense and Electronics and Semiconductors. Now we also added a significant number of new logo-ed customers to our global base. Now I mentioned these because they're usually, initially, not high-volume account, but a good number of them grow over the 3 to 5-year time frame. And then we also, of course, continue to see expansion in our major accounts where we're inversely all of the top 100 industrial companies of the world. I think most importantly, this was accomplished while we maintained the core tenets of our long-term vision and focus to deliver on our key commitments. We continue to focus on efforts and investment on building our business and capabilities for the long-term. I'm thinking of some -- if I get to throw out a few examples of this, the recent acquisition of Esterel, a commitment of our new corporate headquarters in 2014, and the release of ANSYS 14.5, which is coming up next week, as just a few examples. Now I acknowledge that the overall macro-environment and customer sentiment turned out to be increasingly, at least much more cautious as we finished out the quarter and as we focus on closing out the year, and think this is a pretty similar to what a lot of people are seeing and we've been seeing as we ended up the last part of third quarter. And we don't see any clear signs of that changing anytime soon. So with Q3, in the rearview mirror and one quarter left in 2012, it looks to -- it's like more of the same. The result is, that we've adjusted our outlook for the year and it’s based on the following factors: first, and the overwhelmingly -- biggest one is the economic and political realities that our current environment with all the uncertainty and concerns around the continued slow growth, elections, fiscal cliff, what's going to happen to taxes, we just aren't hearing any of our customers talk about year-end budget flush or excess spending. So we've factored in the challenge that we and many of our customers are facing into our guidance. Second of all, we have also updated for currency because, since the beginning of the year we've had, probably, somewhere around mid-teens in terms of currency headwinds on that, narrowed the range for the fact that there's a single quarter remaining in 2012, so any shift out of the quarter also means movement out of the year. And, of course, we've included the strength of our Q3 earnings performance into that. So this all translates into non-GAAP revenue for the full year in the range of $798 million to $805 million, and we are maintaining our full year earnings outlook in the range of $2.83 to $2.86. Our Q4 outlook of $215 million to $222 million in non-GAAP revenue and EPS of $0.71 to $0.74 does not factor in any of historical year-end spending that we've seen in past healthy Q4, but it still represents a respectable 7% to 10% growth off of a strong comparable last year. It appears really to us that the uncertainty in today's world has been fostering, in fact, demanding a more patient wait-and-see attitude from some of our customers. And since we're really not seeing it, none of our customers, nobody seems to be talking about year-end spending surges, we're just not -- we're not even going to assume that it comes. But if it does, and we could be at the high end or even beyond the range. And if it doesn't, just like our Q3 results demonstrates, we are a very sound business model, supported by strong fundamentals, solid customer relationships and a committed team that will work to navigate the business through the current economic challenges and continue to build for the long-term. Now with respect to a preliminary outlook for 2013, we considered basically more of the same from the general macro perspective as we've seen in 2012, at least from anything we can see at this time. We've also factored in a full year of Esterel, continued strength in our renewals and ongoing investments in the business. And basically what this translates to is our initial outlook of $885 million to $910 million in non-GAAP revenue or a 10% to 14% top line growth, and then $3.00 to $3.12 in non-GAAP EPS. Now more details around currency rates and other key assumptions are contained in the prepared remarks that we posted on our Investor Relations homepage earlier this morning. We're going to stay at a very high level on the 2013 assumptions, for purposes of today's discussion, because as I said earlier, we're in the process of prioritizing and finalizing the details around hiring, capital and overall investments for 2013 and we'll provide more insight at the time of our Q4 earnings call. We also see no signals that the environment heading into 2013 will be dramatically different from 2012, so this is our very preliminary outlook on 2013. We're still in the midst of finalizing all the details around our annual plan, and so for now, we're being cautious in our approach and assuming that, basically, 2013 will not be a whole lot different from what we've been seeing as we close out this year. And a point that I would like to make, actually for both Q4 and 2013, is that there's really no loss in our short-term ability to harvest revenue upside should those opportunities occur or should there be surges out there. The customer -- the software is there, the customer relationships are all in place and they continue to be solid. So basically with those brief comments, I'd be happy to open up the phone lines to any questions that you may have. So Maureen, you can release them.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will be Richard Davis, Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: So quick question. With regard to this quarter, I think you kind of touched on it, but including -- or if you exclude Esterel, the organic growth rate looks to me to be about 7% in the quarter. And then kind of layering on that on the services side, it looked like there was a bit of a deceleration there. Is that a leading or lagging indicator, or a non-indicator to kind of future growth, which kind of just bakes into the thought process as to how de-risk the -- your view of the estimates are?
James E. Cashman: Right. Well, the first thing is, yes, for the organic, again, keeping in mind that Esterel was very small, but it's a -- it would be -- it was around the 7% to 8% range. And remember last time, we did say that it would basically, probably be somewhat equivalent to -- at least nibbling away a lot of the currency headwinds that we were seeing, and that pretty much was the case. Second, could you just rephrase the second part of the question?
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Yes, yes. Services kind of -- the services kind of were a bit less than what we thought. Is that the leading or lagging indicator as to your future growth? Because I'm just trying to triangulate around how firm the outlook is, that kind of thing.
James E. Cashman: Understood. Actually, I would not really treat service as a leading indicator, because over last -- I think last few quarters, we've talked about evolving the services business. Basically, we've got a really powerful channel that does a lot of the traditional bodies for hire, project type of work and things like that. And -- but we've been trying to evolve toward the, what I'd say, not services as a leading indicator but services as a future enabler of capabilities, which really gets to how do companies more effectively utilize the new levels of simulation that are available out there. And that's turned out that, that's actually required a lot of methodology workflow, just not utilization of the tools, but embedding the utilization of the tools into the workflows of companies and helping them kind of evolve their own engineering processes while, of course, maintaining their own product qualities internally. And so that's going to be -- that's actually going to be a multiyear, a couple of year kind of evolutionary step, but that's kind of the buildup. So you'd actually see kind of a -- more of a cross-over in there. So I'd say, if you look at the numbers right now, don't treat it as a leading indicator. But it is something that's -- independently, you would probably see that we would want to be building up as a result of some of the new capabilities we've put out are really pretty unique out there and it takes companies a while to actually fully embed them in their design processes.
Operator: Our next question is Steve Ashley, Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I was wondering if you might be able to tell us for Esterel, what kind of revenue contribution you're looking for, for maybe the fourth quarter and for 2013?
James E. Cashman: Again, let's keep in mind that Esterel is a -- we think is a long-term strategic element but it's a very small numeric portion of it right now. So you might see something in the $4 million to $5 million range for the quarter. Now of course, non-GAAP because a lot of the things are going to be actually deferred in GAAP because of the way -- because we didn't have the objective evidence to base that and then the -- you were asking also the margin?
Maria T. Shields: 2013 contribution.
James E. Cashman: Okay. The 2013 contribution should be somewhere in the low 20s.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And you are clairvoyant. I was now going to ask about that Esterel margins so maybe you could comment, I know that next year you're kind of guiding 47 to 48 and how much...
James E. Cashman: If you look at that, Steve, and this is not really atypical. They ran a very sound private business. They were actually we are prudent one, but the margins, of course, weren't very high. And if you look at it, they'll probably be in the mid-teens kind of range, arguably in there. And I'd say that, if you look at their expense base, it isn't like it's a -- it isn't as uniform, for instance, throughout the year as [indiscernible] might be because they might have -- because of the smaller denominator, they might look lumpier when they have a major expenditure or year-end kind of computation, but just to give a high-level kind of metric on that. Does that cover you?
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I’m Good to go.
Operator: Our next question is Perry Huang, Goldman Sachs.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just want to ask a question about deferred revenue. It looks like short-term deferreds were down about 7% sequentially, which is a touch lower than I think a typical 4% decline for September. But at the same time, the mix of lease to paid up licenses was little bit higher for September quarter. So I was just wondering if you're seeing customers signing smaller-sized deals in general and maybe in particular, for lease?
James E. Cashman: Well, there are some and in these times when people get a little bit more nervous, there is that kind of a characteristic. However, you also see a couple of other things where -- with Apache, some of those tend to be longer term leases and therefore, that's why you've seen -- I realize you broke between the short and the long-term base, but that contribution plays a lot. And also some of those longer term leases are things that we just started to look at from an overall ANSYS standpoint. So I think those will cause -- but we didn't see anything that really drove outside of expectation for us, following kind of a usual burn down during the Q3 quarter, but again, the highest deferred balance we've had at this point in our history, at this point of the year, I mean, I'm sorry.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And just as a follow-up. For Japan, the weakness on the consumer-electronics segment, it looks like been ongoing for about 3 quarters now. As you kind of talked to your Japan customers, just, I guess, how were they kind of thinking sort of the stabilization in their business?
James E. Cashman: Well, obviously, some of those -- in fact, I was over in Japan just recently and I'll just say that those kind of conversations are ones that they normally don't -- they won't bleed their heart out internally. But they're going through a lot of issues, there actually are some significant layoffs. The general tenor I've got is that Japan is not sending signals that they're officially leaving the electronics business. However, they're trying to do some stabilization right now and that's translating into a cautious environment where they're really kind of realigning their assets and then looking how they're going forward. So the general tenor was that they're -- like I've said, they're not vacating the space, albeit, they have felt some pressures that are pretty well covered in the press, but they still got some pretty significant talent and assets and company there. So at least there are long-term prospects with us at least seem reasonably good. I think they'd have a chance for rebound on that
Operator: Our next question is Ross MacMillan from Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Jim, I think your Q4 guidance implies some further deceleration in your software license revenue and I'm just curious as to when you're thinking about guiding for Q4, what do you think -- I guess the big picture question is, what do you think is -- what's the notion around no flush? I guess, I'm curious around that idea. And then secondarily, are there any particular vertical industries that, feel like, they're being incrementally more cautious than others?
James E. Cashman: Okay. On the first item on Q4, the -- well, obviously, if we tweak the guidance down, a lot of that is going to be -- some of that is going to be felt in the license range. But when you ask about the no year-end budget flush, normally around these times, we are -- people are starting to talk about, well, if I have this, could we accelerate this program forward. I think the thing is, as opposed to seeing programs accelerate forward into Q4 because people have available funds, they're actually sitting there saying, let's really watch what we spend until we have a lot more -- a little clearer insight as to what's going on in some of the macroeconomic, political front. So that's -- I mean, basically, if you take out what we normally see in terms of the year-end thing, you're seeing basically the -- kind like the whole definition. But the thing is that, so far, that's not been indicated as business. It's just business, it isn't going to pull forward to take advantage of year-end budget money. It's projects, are they going to go into 2013? That's why I'd reiterate that we are actually maintaining the growth ranges in the rate that we've been signaling before. Now apart from that, I haven't seen any -- I've seen very few places where people are not demonstrably, visibly and consciously cautious on what they're doing. That's happening in Europe. It's definitely at some -- as we've mentioned on the previous call, in Japan. And we're certainly not seeing a cavalier effort -- attitude in this country. So I mean it's really -- it's pretty global. And from that standpoint, it's really pretty much, I wouldn't say that it focuses on any one industry, but I'd say that the industries where we still have one, have probably the most resiliency are where they are actually coming under different forms of pressure, such as regulatory pressures, like for noise, or mileage standards, or pollution or things like that, where they're actually being driven and they just can't just kind of sit still and coast. So we are seeing those -- a little more resilient, but boy, are they still being cautious to. Did I get all aspects to your question?
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. Definitely. And just on cost, Maria, I think this year has been a year where you had been looking to accelerate hiring. You came into this year thinking that margins would be down 100 basis points plus, for the year. Just as we circle back and think about operating expenses and the run rate that we are at now, is this a function of you realizing more efficiency, more cost synergy or is it still the issue around the pace of hiring? Just curious to get a sense for that.
Maria T. Shields: I'd say it's a combination, Ross. We still have, even as we exit Q3, we still have over 100 open positions. Many of them in R&D, technical support, AEs and sales, and yes. So the ability to find -- and many, especially in the R&D and comp science, is a challenge. And not only that, but no doubt, we have in our discretionary spending, whether it's travel or marketing or -- we've tried to be disciplined in light of what we see our customers -- or what's happening to them relative to layoffs and just a much more cautious tone in how they approach their business.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, if I could just squeeze one last one, and it's on housekeeping. Do you have the sequential impact from FX on deferred? Do you have that to hand?
Maria T. Shields: Yes. $2 million.
Operator: Our next question is Greg Halter, Great Lakes Review.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Looking through the prepared remarks, I guess, on Page 3 ,where the discussion is Apache. Growth there, obviously, looks pretty strong in triple digits in some areas. Just wondered from small bases and some of those areas, of course, just wondering what's behind that growth? I mean are you seeing the...
James E. Cashman: Well, Greg, just before you go, I'm sorry, I thought you were finished. I didn't mean to cut in. But keep in mind that Apache had 2 months in the comparable year of last year and 3 months this year. I don't know, that may explain a lot. Because apart, the performance has been pretty much on target and pretty linearly increasing. I think that may identify most the difference.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. And if you had to strip that out though, what kind of growth is Apache seeing on a core organic basis?
James E. Cashman: It's in the upper teens to 20 range.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. And given the acquisition of Apache and Esterel, I wonder what your M&A appetite is balanced off, on the share repurchase with this stock up about 9% this morning, so far?
James E. Cashman: Well, I have to say that, based on anything that's short-term happening right now, I mean I got to tell you, my finance colleague may wring my neck here, but it really doesn't change the long-term perspective. And share repurchase is always -- is something that we're taking to account because, a, we think it's a good investment, it's a good use of cash, I mean, and we're also mindful of judicious use of the stock, in terms of our employee retention and building what we've done over the last decade. From the M&A standpoint, there's really nothing that changed there. The one thing that changed really is, as time builds up, our capacity actually increases. If you look at the combination of the cash flows and cash in multiple parts of the world. And to us, it continues to be a -- basically, an inexorable push to get the technology continue to a level where our vision wants to drive it, and a lot of that we do with our internal investment. But if we can find the right acquisition, that fits in at the right time, it gives us a big leg up on the technology, with already proven customer base and, by the way, and Maria and I were mentioning about the 100 people because you know we're maybe a little picky on the team we build and gain those people. Well, with the acquisition you also tend to pick up a lot of already proven, well-oiled people. So both of those things really -- regardless of what might happen in the short term, I mean, it might tackedly [ph] impact our interaction in many one month or so, but over the long haul, that really doesn't change, really, anything that we've been saying for many, many years.
Operator: Our next question is Blair Abernethy from Stifel.
Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Jim, I just wonder if you can comment a little bit on the pricing environment, as demand is slowing a bit here and, obviously, customers are more cautious. Is that impacting your pricing, in particular around lease and maintenance renewals?
James E. Cashman: No, really I have to say there is -- right now, there's no change. I kind of maybe try to harken back to what happened in 2009, where even at this point in time we saw no change. And if conditions dictate it, they might push toward a short-term lease kind of standpoint. At that point in time, there were lots of requests for discount. But our pricing has been very stable. The customer reaction to the pricing has been stable and so, really, there's not just -- there's really not a lot of change on any of that aspect. Of all the things we're dealing with, that probably is not even in the upper half of the issues. It is really the overriding message, I don't want to beat this to death, but I guess I will anyway, is that there's just a lot of things where people are exerting a lot of caution right now and it's like nothing's disappearing, but everything is dragging out. And like we said, we perceptibly saw that even toward the latter part of Q3 and all intents we see going into Q4. If it turns out that something magically happens, I mean, we're seriously -- we have no problem harvesting that. But again, we built kind of history here of talking about what we see and what we're really seeing. We try to do that in our 2012 Q4, as well as our -- the statement of the 10% to 14% growth in 2013.
Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And just a second question, if I can, Jim. I'm wondering if you can give us a bit of an update on progress in the channel particularly around your Electrical Products business?
James E. Cashman: Well, keeping -- actually, great question and I'm going to give you an extended answer. So as we've always talked, it usually takes about a year before the lead channels get certified, both from a business model and a technical excellence standpoint. So if you look at it now, about 3, 4 years into the End Soft [ph] acquisition, we've got channels that are making positive contributions into that. Now by contrast, with Apache, for instance, which has only been on board for a year, actually we've been going a little bit slower on that because it is a much more concentrated user base and we're able to actually address that more from an account standpoint than from a regional channel standpoint. We'll be able to enlarge that over time, but I think we've already seen that we've been able to maintain and actually grow the prospects there. And frankly, it will be similar thing with Esterel. A very small company, a very good company, but a new emerging technology base for us. And then as such, we're not going to unleash all of that on a team that would be -- might have difficulty supporting all the requests that came in with their relatively small staff. So again, it's been made very evident, as soon as we announced that we had some customers who actually calling in, asking for greater clarity, I mean, there were people that it immediately resonated with and so we're thinking much more of a rifle shot along that path. But we utilize the same methodology. But people will have to learn a new branch of simulation technology, they'll have to actually pass technical certification and then they'll have to present a business case that doesn't show -- that basically shows how they get the same commensurate, disproportionate growth that we're expecting from it. So it's going to be the same thing, but again, these are multiyear kind of standpoints. But to close on your specific is, yes, we're already seeing the impact of that earlier heavy lifting in the early parts of our Electronics Simulation business, with the End Soft thing and on a rifle shot basis, we're starting to see some traction and co-selling between Apache and ANSYS customers. In fact, one of our top 5 accounts right now is a very significant, mutual legacy customer of each that where we continue to grow.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Koenig, Wedbush Securities.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I'd like to bill down a little bit on Ross' question earlier, in terms of the -- you talked about the lack of budget pull forward that you're not expecting basically on Q4. In terms of translating that to guidance, what are you assuming for close -- how does that translate to closed rates or pipeline coverage assumptions for Q4? Compared either to Q3 or to a year ago Q4? And then I have kind of second part of that question, too, if you don't mind.
James E. Cashman: Can I answer that one, so I don't lose track of the 2 questions, if you just bookmark it for a second? It's really -- it's not a whole lot of change. The only thing is, the pull forward of the flush that happened Q4. So Q4 -- a Q4 standalones are pretty typical, but what isn't typical this time is, at this point, we are normally hearing about customers that are trying to say, well, what if we could pull this forward, what if we had this amount of money to spend? And there are those kind of discussions going on at this particular time. That's really the whole different, but it doesn't -- it doesn't really affect the pipeline, because the pipeline there was just a matter of, when did the pipeline is empty? Secondarily, it doesn't really affect the close rates, per se, because the closed rates were not a normal close in an expected Q4 timeframe as with our forecasting discipline. It were things where many times a customer was initiating and driving those forward. So that's a little bit different than our traditional view of a closed rate. So that -- hopefully, that covered that part and then you said you had a second part or?
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I do. But just a follow-up on that. And Jim, your guidance is a little more cautious certainly than I think the Street expected for Q4. What are you do -- what mechanically is causing that then in your guidance, if it's not the closed rates?
James E. Cashman: Well, again, it was a definition -- obviously, if you have more business, you close less business. But what I'm saying is, the closed rate normally is saying, here's what we're forecasting for this customer here, here's what the forecast says and here's what we have to do to make that happen. The things that come in from the earlier quarter -- I'm sorry, from outlying quarters, are things that are normally brought in by the customer and while you got a historical norm that says, this typically happens in this typical kind of economy, and that's what we kind of factor in for the year. You don't have -- you don't necessarily have that, any of those discussions that are going on, in the middle of the year. They start to trickle in at the beginning of Q4, when companies get a chance to see what they're doing, and then outlying their overall prospects. And all I'm saying is that, that part of the things that are being pulled forward, actually more by the customers than by our efforts. Those things -- their caution is translating basically into the absence of that kind of activity. And that's really the difference of the story right now.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Got you. Okay. And then, if I just may, this is related. Europe actually looks pretty good in constant currency terms this quarter. In terms of your go forward guidance here, what are you assuming about Europe and are you making any differential assumptions about weakness in Europe versus weakness in North America or Japan or elsewhere?
James E. Cashman: Well, first of all, yes, Europe was doing pretty well and basically it's a testament to 2 things, we got really some good customers there and our team performed admirably in there. Yes, we did. The one thing that maybe doesn't come out in there, I'd say that every part of the globe, it wasn't like one -- every part, any one part was monolithically great, and the other part was monolithically bad. It was really more along the lines that each one had big pockets of strength and that, frankly, some of the parts of Southern Europe, which are relatively smaller ones for us, they felt some of the pain. But Europe, the team there is strong. They did a good job. The customers there are great for us, too. Now if we move into 2013, the first thing I'll put is a big caveat on there saying, keep in mind Q4 this year isn't over. We're still doing a lot of the final planning. So I mean a lot of this is getting into a level of precision that would be far beyond what we've really honed it down to. However, we are taking a more sober look toward Europe, looking at it being roughly equivalent, a little bit tougher, I mean, and then right now, who knows, on what can happen to the currency and things like that. That we're really trying to build that. If you look at that, the bulk of -- when I talked about the currency headwinds that we ate throughout this year, oh my gosh, the lion's share of them, I mean, a strong majority of those were European, that came in. And nevertheless, they still posted pretty good. But so, those things can blow a lot of different ways, but we're not expecting -- let's put it this way, at best, we're not expecting anything a lot more promising out of Europe.
Operator: Our next question is Jay Vleeschhouwer, Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, within your current active base of licenses, are you seeing anything on the margin whereby customers are utilizing their existing licenses more intensively, making more use of existing capacity rather than adding new licenses? So maybe you could talk about current customer usage trends, then a couple of follow-ups.
James E. Cashman: Well, the current usage trend is, our main customers actually are increasing licenses. However, one trend, that we -- and we've actually I think we've chalked off now, this maybe the fourth quarter is there is a definite increasing trend toward High Performance computing licenses which, again, somewhat analogous to as opposed to buying a bunch of extra computers, buying a bunch blades of to shove into the system to get additional computation along. There are probably 3 major reasons why people are doing this. A, is they're being a little cautious in the hiring of new potential users. Second of all, they're actually solving -- trying to solve bigger problems than traditionally they use to let prank [ph] on different clusters or unit processors. And probably, the third one is, in some of the -- the third case we probably see is when they're – under a lot of pressure either to hit a design cycle, a date, or hit some kind of a design goal and the calendar is a big enemy. But I'd say right now, at this point in time, the intensity factor, the high performance computing factor is outgrowing the just the pure base C cal [ph] even though that is also growing, but it's skewed toward the more intensive usage.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Within the ANSYS space that is keeping Apache on the side for moment, could you talk about the relative performance of the traditional, structural, mechanical side of business versus CFD?
James E. Cashman: Well, like I said, they've all been pretty much on par, they're all pretty much with the company. So I mean, if you looked at -- I think we mentioned that, for instance, both -- all of the aspects kind of grew double digits and each of the geographies grew double digits in constant currency. And we only don't do a lot of constant currency split on some of the business line things because just the way we track them. But you probably look at that kind of a double-digit, really, kind of across-the-board, it wasn't like there were any extreme laggards or people that were way outside the norm.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And in answer to an earlier question about lease and maintenance pricing, you said you hadn't seen a change, but as best we can tell competitively your largest competitor, against whom you are still considerably larger, however, they do seem to be growing more quickly than you on a constant currency basis. And so I'm wondering if, in fact, you are seeing any increase from Desou [ph] or any of the smaller competitors?
James E. Cashman: Well, definitely really not former. I'd say, at any one time, I'd say that there's always 1 or 2 competitors that cycle in and have relatively high points. Sometimes it's numbers -- growth numbers look bigger off a lower denominator, there are a lot of things. But in terms of the competitive environment and then actually, let's just say, published numbers versus anecdotal numbers, really, don't see much change.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: And lastly, for Maria. Does your 2013 guidance -- for 2013, Maria, does your guidance encompass any appreciable change in the proportion of revenues from top 10 or top 100 customers?
Maria T. Shields: No.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: For 2013?
James E. Cashman: Again, you're probably getting to a level of granularity that where we really aren't. I think that you would -- we continue to see trends where the top 100 probably grow a little slightly disproportionately because they are on the rapid acquisition part. But by the time you span it over the entire business, it really doesn't move a dial in any big direction.
Operator: Our next question is Sinil Bepterer [ph] from Sentinel Investments.
Unknown Analyst: Jim, about the guidance for 2013 when you look at revenue growth of 10% to 14% at constant currency, your earnings growth is not growing at that rate. Can you give the puts and takes on that?
James E. Cashman: Yes, well, first of all, the second thing is we've been talking about still investing for the long-term because -- but the other thing, the main important part is that you got a blending with some of the -- first of all, you've got a blending with the lower margins as a result of some of those business we talked about, over a couple year period, will blend in there. The second thing is, quite frankly, the share count increases also, the diluted share count it cuts up, so with more accounts, the EPS goes in. Which, is one reason why we talked about -- that's one of the reasons why we have had an active buyback period, which we took advantage of this particular year and things like that. So the other thing is on the margin, keep in mind we had guided this year to the 48% to 49% level and then, of course, on numerous parts of this call, we talked about -- first of all it's difficult to hire those top decile type of employees. Now we have been bringing them on, albeit, slower. But the thing that will probably factor in is that, if you look at 2013, we will have those employees for a full year where we might have only have them for 1/4 to a 1/3 to 1/2 of the time we expected to have them that year. That tends to bring up the personnel costs also. But it's really a good story, it's actually, frankly, we wish we've had been able to get some of those people earlier.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. You talked about cautiousness in general. Now is it any -- concentrated in any specific geographies or it's across the board? And what verticals do you have seen most cautiousness because you thought that Automotive, Aerospace and Defense, Electronics and Semiconductors being the good areas, but if you look at Japan and probably look at Asia, Semiconductors, Electronics has been weak. So can you just expound on that? Where did you see that or what geographies you've seen that cautiousness?
James E. Cashman: Well, the caution spans the globe, first and foremost. So I might say that, that's the theme, that's the general theme. Now, theme and variations, there are variations in each different realm. So for instance, while China has been good for us, I mean, a lot of times they're in this -- we think they're in their 12th 50-year plan, and the first year of it normally has kind of a slowdown and some deactivity, but then they build up in the second year once they get through the budget. That's one particular aspect. If you look in India, some of the things that have been going on with the tax environment, that tends to predominate. If you look in Europe, you've got a number of different factors, everything related to a sovereign debt to a whole range of fiscal issues come into play. Here, general tax, political, whole sorts of environments in there, so it's kind of like the caution has been across-the-board and it's not like each one has different factor. If you look at industries, again, the ones that are under pressure to, again, automotive, we think has been a little bit stronger because of the drive toward high-efficiency and hybrid vehicles. You look at mileage standards, you look at the increased safety regulations. If you look at Aerospace and Defense, I can probably parse that down between aerospace and aero engine performance versus maybe some more subdued defense spending in certain areas. If you look at the energy industry and what happened a couple, 3 years ago. Nuclear was starting to really pick up and then slowed down a little bit after Japan and then oil went up $140 and people got really excited in other forms of alternate energy. Now oil is back down. So you see some investment flows that ebb and flow through all those things. But in general, come think it's just an overall -- it's the overall level of the ocean and all the other things are different people are seeing different waves, here and there.
Unknown Analyst: There was a question on about one of your competitors growing faster than you. Do you think that you are -- you're position is weakening in that area versus -- vis-a-vis the competition. Or you think that your position is still strong? Given the difficulty of finding people, do you think that going forward for 1 year or 2 years that you're not able to find enough people, your competitive position may weaken? Or you may have to pay up more to buy these people and have a headwind on the margin?
James E. Cashman: Well, that's really not the issue. The other thing is just a kind of the -- the situation is, at any point in time, anybody is going to -- I mean, while we don't have a single competitor across-the-board, we've got about 20 or 30 people that all poke on different aspects of it and they all tend to be smaller, so a growth rate might be in the short term smaller. Sometimes these are private companies, sometimes, again, it's anecdotal reporting and things like that. So it's really difficult to speak. If you look at the overall supposed size of the thing, if you look at the overall market, we're holding or gaining in each of the major sectors. Now that's looking at major sectors. What happens any given period of time, any year, any quarter or something like that, there can always be spikes that put it up and down. But I mean, we tended to look at the overall issue and continue. And I think that's probably borne out in some of the longer-term and the sustained growth rates over the long-term. To answer to your question about investment, yes, if we didn't hire anybody and we didn't continue to innovate and renovate internally, of course, that's going to -- that would affect the business. But our situation has been one of probably hiring 3, finding 3, 4, 5 months slower than we would like. It's not a question of doing it or not doing it and it's certainly, not doing it over long-term. So I mean if you look at it we've got close to 900, approaching 1,000 people in R&D today. So I mean and the other thing is if you look at the product that people are using right now, it has literally persons centuries of development already into the code and we're really trying to take the lead in terms of pushing the new kind of capabilities out there. So it's really not even -- that's not even a maintaining parity kind of thing, it's actually continuing to progress this to the next level. And those are the things that we really don't want to lose scope of.
Operator: Having no further questions, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jim Cashman for any closing remarks.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, basically, in closing, emphasis to the remainder of 2012, it's going to be execution, customer development and, of course, an operational discipline. Again, if you haven't picked up through the course of this call, there's little doubt about the long-term opportunity, but in the short-term, there's a continued vigilance as customers and their increased spending, scrutiny, the diligence in their investment decisions, they've led the longer sales cycles and actually a staging out of the decision. So we tried to factor all these realities into our guidance and like we try to do for almost forever, continue to endeavor to do so going forward. So but despite these economic and political uncertainties that dominate the headlines, everybody's seeing them, we're still -- at the heart of what we are, we're still propelled by a combination of a long-term vision, a business model that I think is navigated through a range of economic conditions, cost of oil customers that are the crème de la crème out there and they stay loyal to us, the partners who have been with us for decades, great and unique technologies and, of course, the base of employees that continues to help keep this ship going through all sorts of weather. So I'd like to thank everybody for joining us this morning and, again, our best wishes for everybody out in the East Coast and we'll talk to you in a few months. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jason Rogers Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ANSYS 2012 Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jim Cashman. Please go ahead.
James E. Cashman: Okay, thanks, Amy. Good morning, and thanks, everyone, for joining us discussing our 2012 second quarter financial results. So again, consistent with our normal protocol, all of the general information and key topics relative to both Q2 and the first half of 2012 business results, they're included in our earnings release and in some prepared remarks that we posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. So, but as always, before we get started, I'll introduce Maria Shields, our CFO, for our Safe Harbor Statement. So Maria?
Maria T. Shields: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. I'd just like to remind you that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the world and our business outlook today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. Also, consistent with our standard practice, during the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release, the related materials and the Form 8-K. So Jim, I'll turn it back over to you for some opening comments.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Thanks, Maria. Okay, so before we open up the call for Q&A, I'd like to briefly highlight a few points about our Q2 results and the updated 2012 outlook. So -- and now, I'll begin by saying that Q2 was really a strong quarter for us, but it was also a pretty busy quarter. And it ended ahead of what we originally expected on earnings and above the midpoint of the revenue range. And this was even factoring in some additional currency headwinds that we observed, that we had actually absorbed during the quarter. So as we demonstrated over many years, the strength of the revenue performance, combined with our own discipline around spending, drove operating leverage and earnings beyond what we had originally guided. Overall, we achieved double-digit growth in reported and constant currency in both software license and maintenance revenue, and of course, this yielded a new all-time high in deferred revenue balance. This in turn, as usual, drove strong margins and cash flows from operations. So also consistent with what we've outlined about use of the cash, even dating back to the Investor Day we had in early March, during Q2, we repurchased 1 million shares of stock, which leaves around 2 million shares remaining in the authorized pool. We also continued our strategy to expand breadth and depth in our multiphysics portfolio, with the addition of Esterel, which we announced during the quarter and actually just closed yesterday. Speaking back to that Investor Day, many of you might recall when we met in early March at that time in New York City, we laid out some of the key themes of our long-term strategy, including the opportunities that lay ahead for the future of Simulation Driven Product Development. The Esterel acquisition is just another step forward that enables us to respond to our customers' new reality, and that's a business environment where they simply can't afford to compromise on depth, breadth or quality of the simulation tools that they're using to solve their own increasingly complex design challenges. But it also uniquely positions us to provide embedded systems simulation with certified cogeneration further differentiating our solutions. So other comments, you can find in there, but our industry composition, it remains averse with continuing success in areas in this particular quarter, such most notably things like automotive, aerospace and defense and material and chemical processing. So the result of all this is that we reiterated our outlook on fiscal year 2012 non-GAAP revenue and non-GAAP EPS. This also translates to Q3 revenue in the range of $197 million to $204 million, an EPS of $0.67 to $0.69, with revenue for the full year in the range of $810 million to $830 million, an EPS of $2.78 to $2.87. And before we wrap up, I'd like to provide some qualitative context around the guidance. First and foremost, first and foremost, the fundamentals of our business and the customer interest and market demand remain intact. And although we are maintaining our original revenue range, we've not just slapped an even probability across that range for a number of obvious reasons. First of all, the variance that we're experiencing over this protracted period carry through for the first couple of quarters of results, and it's demonstrated the current unevenness in the macro environment. So as compared to our revenue outlook, while we're on our guidance range, we wound up in the lower half of guidance in the first quarter, in the upper half for Q2. So there's a lot of variance in that. Secondly, as we pointed out in our Q1 call, during these kind of times, our lease license ratios can be more volatile and that affects short-term impact. There's just an ocean of uncertainty regarding the resolution of the Eurozone and other global issues. The volatility of the currency rates remain, and there's also a continuation of just general macro uncertainty around the predictability, timing and composition of deals. Now what does this mean? I mean the bottom line is, there -- the timing of deals are difficult, but there's a greater probability that buying cycles extend rather than compress in this time frame. So the sum of these factors would favor probably a heavier probability below the midpoint of the range. But while the growth demand stays relatively stable, this is the primary tenet for us reiterating that range. Now in addition, we've also updated our currency rate assumptions to be in line with the current rates and added in the impact of Esterel for Q3 and the remainder of 2012. And they -- and essentially, the 2 of these things, one's a slight increase, one's a decrease, so essentially the 2 of these net each other out. So the outlook also assumes an increased ramp in our second half spend in connection with the hiring resources for 2012 and preparing for 2013 and beyond, and also some marketing activities around the release of ANSYS 14.5, which we're really excited about and of course, the inclusion of Esterel, even in the early stages. So to net it all out, our long-term enthusiasm remains intact. We believe now is the time to invest in our business, to prepare for the long term and the opportunity that we see over the next 3 to 5 years, but we're also cognizant of the world around us. A final point that we'd like to add in there is that -- talk about some of the thoughts concerning the uses of cash, and I think we've been demonstrating that, particularly over the last couple of quarters on many fronts. But consistent with what we've been saying for the past several calls, several years, and we highlighted in our Investor Day, first and foremost, we plan to continue to invest in our business for the long term. Nothing's changed on that front. Second of all, we'll continue to pay down the outstanding debt, of course, which steps up a little bit to over $26 million in quarterly principal payments beginning in Q3. Then, number three, and not necessarily third in terms of importance, but as the Esterel acquisition demonstrates, we have been and we will continue to look at opportunities around strategic M&A that allow us to accelerate the realization of our vision and extend and elevate this overall thing in our customer engagements. So with those brief words, Amy, I think we'll be prepared to begin with the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Perry Huang at Goldman Sachs.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask a follow-up question for the Esterel acquisition. Jim, you mentioned that essentially, FX and macro was offset by the Esterel acquisition in terms of guidance. But could you provide anymore color around the revenue and earnings contribution for the September and fiscal '12 guidance?
James E. Cashman: Well, yes, somewhere in the $5 million, $6 million, $7 million range for the remainder of the year. There are some interesting issues there in terms of the revenue recognition, which is why we've got to cover this very carefully. Because in general, the way it was set up, we may have to actually recognize things on a pro rata basis over an extended period, which will stretch out. So they may wind up a little bit depressed. And of course, we just closed, we'll be getting into some of these details. But this is our -- and we'll be able to refine that over time, but we don't want to get premature. So that's one of the big things. And of course, you can also infer the contra impact of rates from the guidance, the published rates that we posted compared. So they are roughly awash. Keep in mind, the other thing is that when you factor in the Esterel, the fact that we'll have to kind of stretch it out, I mean, almost on a quasi-lease kind of basis, even if it was a paid-up license, it's a VSOE kind of issue, the main thing is that if you look at the way some of the structure of these companies -- Apache included, and Esterel, you look at the year-end impact. And when you look at the back end loading of commission rates, it's actually -- even though it's a good business over the next 12 months and we'll be able to build it into our business model, it will be relatively flat in terms of earnings contribution for the next 4 or 5 months.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, if I could ask a question about the performance in Europe. You highlighted sort of continued macro issues in certain markets and also longer sales cycles. I was wondering if you could provide any more color on the U.K.? I think last quarter, you mentioned there were some execution issues there. But for this quarter, it looks like revenue was up sequentially, just wondering if those issues have been largely resolved?
James E. Cashman: I get -- in this environment, first of all, there are always the things that we can do better internally and there are the things that are around us that we just have to -- if the sea is chopping around, we have to navigate them the best we can. The things that we've done on the internal front, yes, they are showing to -- they definitely are showing some of the causal relationships to some of the results you observed. With regard to the other things related to the overall environment, there are so many ups and downs over the next few months, which we see on a global basis, not just England. And we haven't heard this yet, but I mean, I remember back in 2008, all ChiNex slowed down for a quarter because of the Olympics. Now will England slow down because of the Olympics? Haven't heard it. But I mean those type of things always have been slow. Those things are factored into the overall view. So I can't -- I really can't speak to all the puts and takes that are going to happen in the macro environment. But we're relatively pleased, I'll say, guardedly pleased about some of the steps and some of the progress that we're seeing. I wouldn't -- I never -- for years, I've never claimed that we've ever been all the way there in any markets that we've been in. So I won't make that stretchier. But the direction factor is definitely in the right direction.
Operator: The next question comes from Sterling Auty at JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So in terms of Esterel, I didn't hear in your answer, and I'm sorry if I just misinterpreted it, but where is that going to be placed in terms of which part of the sales organization is going to be pushing it? How, if any, integration of their technology is going into any of the other product lines? And who makes the purchase decision at your core customers for their set of solutions at this point?
James E. Cashman: Well, first of all, it's going to be relatively kept separate because it really -- there really is not a lot of overlap with our existing technologies, and that's a very positive good thing. Now the second part is, just like we've done in every integration that we've done, we actually -- it's not like done in one 100% chunk all at once. We actually take the very important parts. And where we focus first on this one is, for obvious reasons, how embedded software affects system functioning. So it's going to be in our overall system, our overall system portfolio type of solutions and connecting up with that. So we can actually see the impact that the software functionality will add to the inherent design inputs of the more traditionally physical aspects of the hardware design. So we're going to keep it in that particular direction. Yes, the -- and the other thing is, one thing that's very interesting is we haven't been able to do much of it because we hadn't closed until yesterday. But the minute we announced the deal, the number of majors, major customers that were actually coming and asking to participate in that, I mean it was very evident right off the bat, I mean to the point where we actually had to rein things in until we really legally could function at that. We had to function really as continuing 2 separate companies. So okay, that's speaks to integration. I think there was a third element of that question, wasn't there, Sterling?
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, I think that -- no, no, actually that basically covers it. And then, my follow-up question in a different topic is, as you look at the guidance for the full year, what needs to happen in terms of organic growth for you to deliver on the guidance here in the back half? Does organic have to further accelerate, stay the same or, what's embedded in that part of the guidance?
James E. Cashman: It's roughly the same and as you can tell, I mean, we've been plunking along at that -- around -- continuing to push up, even over the last few quarters, pushing up toward that mid-teens kind of thing. And you know what, again, there's an awful lot of uncertainty. I mean it gets down to everything of how European governments are going to react, how elections are going to go, how all sorts of things like that. But you're probably looking at that kind of 13%, 14% constant currency kind of standpoint. And of course, our guidance, of course, assumes certain currency situations. So all of those things will factor in. And the only thing that makes us a little bit trickier and the reason why I talked about you just don't put a bell curve over the guidance range, is the fact that orders slip and slide. One order that slips out of Q1 into Q2 still count in the annual guidance. An order that might slip extend out to Q4, it's still there, or if it turns to a lease, all the goodness is still there, it's just that the snapshot of how it's recognized is different. And we just want to be cognizant of that and basically, upfront. So those are really kind of the basic overall assumptions. And of course, if there's a complete meltdown or if it goes supernova, of course, those things will change. But nobody can really predict those because we can -- so we can really only go off the forecast, the upside and other factors like that, and then try to bounding box it with the -- with all the other exogenous factors.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well we're all hoping that there's no supernova then, in the back half.
James E. Cashman: Well, supernova would be good, meltdown would be bad. Supernova is where we're really eased up, meltdown is we're kind of...
Maria T. Shields: Supernova is people unleash their budgets for year-end sums.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Davis of Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Simple question on Esterel, is it logical to assume -- I mean I know it's a small part of your overall business, but is it logical to assume that it will grow organically on a constant currency basis faster than kind of ANSYS overall, because it's -- you've got a bunch of fresh-faced people to cross-sell it and things like that?
James E. Cashman: No, the first thing is, with a smaller denominator, apparent growth rates can be numerically higher. The -- but I tell you, the overall assumption is that it would grow a little bit ahead of the overall base. And you're absolutely correct, one of which is that the increased reach of our channel basically provides opportunities that a smaller company that's operating financially soundly just can't plug the market with that. Now on the other hand, it's a combined technology that fits in with the engineering buying centers. However, it tends to happen sometimes with a higher group and in the system side of things. And as a result, there'll be some latency in terms of the sales force getting adopted or getting up to speed on it, being able to communicate with customers. So it's not like it's going be throwing on a light switch and a step function. But like I said, there was immediate interest that we've actually had to hold the reins in on. So I think over the next year or 2, you'll see a combination of things. First of all, you'll see the margin depression that we always see with any acquisition we do start to get built into the ANSYS model, and within a couple of years, we've got things operating pretty well. And that kind of defines the wait-and-see in there. So, yes, they're definitely -- on its own basis, I think it would grow above the base rate. But with the expansion of the channel and being able to link that in, we do see that growing higher.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Got it. All right. Now this is kind of a -- maybe it's a weird question. But a few software companies have priced their software in dollars, so they don't then have the worry about the excitement going on in Europe. And I realize that, that would put pressure on guys in your customer side. Does that -- why would not you do that? I mean why would -- why does that not make sense? Or is it just would that make you less competitive in competitive environments and stuff like that? Or would that ever work or not?
James E. Cashman: Well, actually, at one time, we kind of came from that and it somewhat filtered through our indirect channel that might bear the burden of it. But the bottom line is, we've been saying if you look historically, there are ebbs and flows in currencies in all parts of the world, and we look at this from a long-term perspective. So frankly, with the employees we have over there, we don't confuse them by paying them in dollars because they have to live in local currency. Likewise, when customers overseas are buying in local currency, we don't want to have them sit there and think they have a certain budget amount that's improved and then find out that their budget got blown apart because of the change. If we've got that in there, first of all, it makes it simple for the customer, it all balances out over time and particularly if we can -- we just don't want to create obstacles to people in acquiring the software. And we think that extra kind of turning them all into currency wizards really causes a bunch of unintended consequences into it. Long term, we've got more users that way, and long term, the currencies kind of balance out. And when you figure out how much even a paid-up license contributes long term into our recurring revenue base, it really is a good stable flow for us. So if anything, we kind of come in the other direction and then we just have to manage amongst that.
Operator: Next question is from Ross MacMillan of Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Jim, your large deal count over $1 million is a really very, very strong number this quarter. I think relative to normal seasonality, I don't think we've ever seen such a strong Q2, and on absolute numbers, we've never seen such a strong Q2. Can you just talk to the large deal activity in the quarter? Because it didn't look like March was particularly soft on the large deals. So it just -- it strikes me that it's a very strong number after a very strong Q1.
James E. Cashman: No. Well, Q1 was strong from a big deal standpoint comparatively but in a -- or relatively. But from an absolute standpoint, if you look at the trend, actually, Q1, we were -- I tried to make that point earlier. That's why you don't just put a normal to bell distribution over a range. Q1, we're actually in the lower half of the range. And basically, some of that was for orders that were delayed, partially because of some of the issues that we saw on the macro and geopolitical environment. So actually, maybe a little bit of that's spillover. But keep in mind, if you look at what's going on, first of all, there are several other factors. Apache is playing an increasing role in these things and particularly, the cross-termination or the cross-buying of those 2 phenomenon with the rest of our main lines, just speaking to the integration, that's actually going forward. The second part is that you look at -- a number of you've talked, yes, we're growing across all sectors of our business. But since this is relatively new in its adoption, I'm talking about just the overall concept of the proliferation of simulation, we actually are seeing our major customers growing actually in a slightly higher rate than the aggregate of the rest of them. What that means is that in these big deals, you will actually start to see accumulation of that, that comes on. So that number does bump up. But on top of it, Q2 was not a bad quarter. So I mean you put all of those factors together and then our -- finally, our customers are just -- the same thing we've talked about for a decade, but it's really been in earnest the last few years under this stressful environment. It is -- this is viewed as a means to competitive survival and excelling. So I think, though, all of those factors come together. But the one point I'd also say and I've been saying it for 10 or 15 years, we may be hitting some home runs, but we're just trying to get good level contact, continual contact. It's not like we're trying to live and die by big deals. It's just that it's happening as a natural consequence of our business model and the execution that we're doing out in the field.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That make sense. And just on the paid-up, I think your comments, both today and previously, is you may in tougher environments have deals slip from paid-up to lease or maybe even push if they're paid-up, they could move across quarters. The paid-up number this quarter was certainly, I think, better than we saw in Q1. Do you just put that down to timing mostly?
James E. Cashman: Yes, it was timing, like I said, and some of it was -- when we tell you that sometimes the thing can slip across, that's not a euphemism for we lost it. No. You're seeing some of the Q2 effect was a slight amount. I mean, we were still in range in Q1 but a little on the lighter side, and now we are on the stronger side. So again, it's one of these things if you try to just live in quarterly snapshots, you can get some small perturbations. But when you're integrated over the long term, it pretty much stands out.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then, pulling this together, last thing, just -- I heard you say earlier, I just want to go back and make sure I heard that. You talked about your guidance for the year, but then you said, I think, a line probably favor growth below the midpoint of the range. I don't know if that was just -- if you said that meaning you'd be having us think at the midpoint or lower is the most likely outcome or whether I just misinterpreted that comment?
James E. Cashman: Well -- no, essentially, if you look at -- the way we look it, we take all the factors we've got, and of course, there's a certain amount of Sigmas on either side of the range. But the bottom line is, it just -- I was just saying don't slap an even distribution for this is not just an evenly distributed curve there. And if you look at the various factors of where currencies can go, if you look at the, like I said, the one impact is the effects of timing stretching out is disproportionately higher than the chances of timing compressing and squeezing in. And when you put all those things out, I'm just saying it doesn't look like just a normal curve centered around the middle. I'm just saying -- I was trying to provide a little bit of color. The range is intact because our customer demand functions are basically statistically the same. Same thing, when something changes from -- tweaks from a license to a lease, again, you're going to -- the business is all there but you're going to -- what you recognize and show is going to drift out into outlying quarters or in this case, outlying years. So all I'm saying is that, that you don't just pick -- I was just trying to give you a mental image, don't -- I wouldn't picture that bell curve. And by the way, those are things that we'll look at on an ongoing basis as we continue to look at our investment patterns and things like that. And finally, there's no saying that in terms of what's happening with either the European situation, recent elections there, upcoming elections here, these are cycles that tend to -- will tend to have significant impacts. So I mean, all of those factors together, it was just -- I was just trying to get away. Sometimes, people like to fit a nice even normal curve over the range, and that's really not the way we're looking at it, although, we find that our ongoing range to be a statistically valid construct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Ashley at Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I think I would just like to try to reconcile the change in the full year guidance. You've taken it down by $6 million to $9 million. You said that Esterel will contribute $5 million to $7 million and you still need to hash through some rev rec there. But your best guess today is $5 million to $7 million, but did FX probably change by an equal-ish amount, $5 million to $7 million, suggesting...
James E. Cashman: Yes.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Suggesting that just organically, you're taking the core business down $6 million to $9 million. Does that all sound right?
Maria T. Shields: No, we haven't changed the outlook on the core business. It's basically Esterel's addition nets out FX headwinds that are greater than what we had guided to back in May. So we're still at $810 million to $830 million, which is where we were back in May.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got it, got it. Okay, I guess I was looking at GAAP numbers.
Maria T. Shields: But, Steve, we're not looking at GAAP.
James E. Cashman: That would, of course, make a difference.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, okay. And then, my other question was Esterel, you paid $53 million. Do you think that's the new normal in terms of size of acquisitions we might think about for you guys making in the future?
James E. Cashman: Well, actually, if you look at from last -- I think actually the last 2 years because everybody was after -- it was like every 3 years, we'd do some that might be like a few hundred million purchase price. And first of all, we made the stunning observation that there are a lower number of those available over the last decade. And that's the case. And I think I even made the point starting 2, 3 years ago saying, I would start to look at things in the basically $50 million range, clumps of those things that really have significance. But the other thing is, if you chart everything we've -- the few we've done over the last 10 years, you couldn't find a normal. I mean there isn't, and I don't really think there's a normal per se. The only thing I'd say is the population of these larger ones right in the sweet spot of our technological vision, they're just fewer, because you can just look at all the tombstones that have happened on that and it's a lower number. So I think statistically, it's just safer to say that. But you will see us sometimes, I'm sure, do tuck-ins. You will see us do these midrange kind of things. I mean, so it could be all over the map. And it's -- I just don't know how to clarify it because even when we eye something, it doesn't always happen at the exact time, at the exact price, at the exact anything that would be perfectly ideal for us. But it all turns out to work for the long-term good.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer at Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, I'd like to ask you about the competition. With your results and with those reported last week for the sohs -- Somoa [ph] brand, you comprise, the 2 of you together, the majority of the market and would appear to be doing well collectively. But they appear to be growing more quickly than you, both in the second quarter and for the half year-to-date versus your core CAE business. And by our calculations, they are now the equivalent of roughly 3/4 of your core business size. So the question is, given the compatibility between your size and theirs where you compete, where are you seeing them, and could you just overall talk about competition?
James E. Cashman: Well, we -- I mean, we really don't see them any differently than we've seen them over the last few years. So -- and all I can say, I don't know how they -- I have no idea how they internally account and divide up growth inside there. So I mean, I really can't speak to that. In terms of what we can see about ourselves is it's been significant. Simulation basically is our focus. It's critical to our customer base. It's what we live, and the things have been pretty much along the guidance that we said. So it's really not much change. I'd say the only major change on the overall competitive front is if you look 10, 15 years ago, we were $40 million, $50 million, and we were much narrower, and we would kind of get involved in a lot of micro-transaction kind of things, and we'd go head to head more often. I'd say, as of recent, it's not like -- there are probably literally dozens of people that we see midge competition from and really, there's nobody we see across the entire spectrum. And that really hasn't changed. I mean, we still have technology providers. We still have the major CAD/CAM or PLM companies that are also getting in and trying to create names themselves. And then there are always new startups. And that dynamic, really -- that's really not been the major story for us in anything that we've encountered.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just a couple of follow-ups. First, what's your thinking long term about the correlation of your services capacity and revenue to your Software business? We've talked about this before, but services are a fairly low percentage of your business. But you've also talked about it having to become larger in connection with growing the software business, perhaps update us on that thinking. And just a clarification on Apache. Could you talk about the number of new customers they're gaining. At around the time you bought them, they had 120 customers. And I'm wondering are they adding significant number of logos over the last year or are they largely growing with existing customers like Intel?
James E. Cashman: Well, the thing is, first, let me tackle the service one. Yes, and as I've mentioned, we think that, that now is one of the longer pulls in the pan in terms of helping customers jump the chasm, if you will, in terms of doing that. And right now, it's the lowers. It's been in the lower single-digit range. But we've also mentioned that we were investing along those lines. And the actual service business has been -- the pure service business is overall starting to grow fairly nicely. But we'd like to get it at least in the next 3 to 5 years up into that mid-single-digits kind of range. On off the top of my head, I mean, I can only -- I can't speak holistically with regard to the Apache integration, but I can think of situations where we were both strong, but were in different buying standards and the same customer, and we've actually elevated those customers like in -- I know that there are some that we've introduced Apache into. And I know there are some that even with our broad footprint, Apache was probably relatively more significant in that customer. We've actually been able to use that to leverage in new capabilities. But I think other than that, we'll have to mine the data in kind of a different way to give statistically meaningful information on the raw numbers of new platforms and things like that.
Operator: Next question comes from Blair Abernethy at Stifel.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Jim, I wonder if you can give us a little more color on vertical performance this quarter in sort of standout positive quarters versus -- verticals versus maybe some that were lagging a bit?
James E. Cashman: Well, again, it's one of those things where the lag -- the one thing we try to do -- I want to be kind of really clear on this. If you look at it, we've still got a high degree of diversity in the business. And I want to be -- sometimes, just for color, we try to tell you what sectors were doing well in a quarter. But that's not to say, oh, here's a big overwhelming trend that's significant for the next 3 to 12 months and going forward. So first and foremost, so all -- I mean, all sectors are doing okay. But as I mentioned, first of all, I would -- if you haven't had a chance to look, we try to put a lot of commentary and some numbers into the prepared remarks that are posted on our IR website. So I clearly think you'd get a real good picture on that. But the -- I'd say some of the interesting things, I think we mentioned automotive, I think we have mentioned aerospace and defense. A relative newcomer was in terms of material and chemical kind of things, and that's just kind of popped up. It's the first time for that. Again, we're not saying long-term trend, we're just seeing that. But automotive, there seems to be kind of a sea change in there in terms of what people are doing in terms of fuel efficiency and AGB and the likes, as well as the increasing competition from overseas manufacturers, many of which are the relatively newer places in Asia. In aerospace and defense, that -- in some cases, we said, "Well, maybe that's a little bit counterintuitive," but if you think about it, all the advanced research is going into unmanned surveillance and electronic countermeasures and the things like that. Those are all new research as opposed to refining the next-generation of battle tank or something like that or the next strike fighter kind of project. And with those things, whenever they tend to be R&D and highly innovation-driven, wow, that creates at least an uptick for simulation, even if those markets weren't traditionally used to using it in that standpoint. So those are really the main things. And again, I invite you to look at some of the prepared remarks because it will give that. But in terms, we still have -- we're still seeing the balance. We still see growth in sectors. It's just that any one quarter, there's -- if you got an average, there are going to be a few that are above the average and a few that are below the average. I don't know, Maria, do you have anything you...
Maria T. Shields: Yes, the only other thing I'd suggest is our industry guys are constantly posting updates about customer successes and innovation within each of those important verticals, so check out ansys.com.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great, and I did get the industry highlights. Can I also, Jim, just ask you to -- how about the electronics vertical in particular, how did that perform in the quarter?
James E. Cashman: Well, it performed -- it actually performed pretty well. Now there's also some regional things where you can see there are -- particularly over in Asia, there are certain countries and companies that are kind of in ascendancy. There are other big names that are going through some more difficult stretches and things like that. But in general, the push toward the denser chips, 3D and basically, just the overall drive for electronic system-on-chips, things like that, it's intended to increase, which by the way, is yet one more reason why we're very excited about the long-term prospects embodied in Esterel in terms of looking at embedded systems. Because now you've got some of these microprocessor system-on-a-chip things and now you've got this drive in our customers across a wide range of industries for Smart Products. Well, this is where an awful lot of the smart comes from is in that embedded software. But for the system to properly function, you've got to have a unity of performance between the traditional, mechanical hardware, electronic hardware and the software that's operating in it. And if they don't all work in concert, you can kind of have a dud of project -- a dud of a product out there.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And, Maria, just on the tax rate in the quarter, Q2 was a little bit lower than we're expecting. Anything going on there? And sort of do you have a view yet for what the tax rate might be next year?
Maria T. Shields: Next year? No. Let's see what happens in 95 days and then maybe I can give you a little bit more color on next year's tax rate. But as far as the most recent quarter, we did file some tax returns for Apache in some of the foreign locations and ended up resulting in some slightly greater benefits than we estimated coming into the quarter. So for the second half of this year, we're looking at 31% to 32% based on everything we know right now.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Rogers at Great Lakes Review.
Jason Rogers: Looking at the number of open positions you have, just wanted to get a figure for current open positions and how many were added in the second quarter?
Maria T. Shields: I think probably around 50-ish in the second quarter, and we've got probably over 100 right now.
James E. Cashman: The 100 is all functions -- I mean, that you can check if you go to ansys.com and just find about positions. But that's total positions across the company.
Maria T. Shields: Yes, that's total across the company, across the globe.
James E. Cashman: Disproportionately, the high-end R&D technologist types and the customer-facing types, probably the disproportionate portion of that.
Jason Rogers: Okay. And what was the performance of Japan on a constant currency basis x Apache for the quarter?
Maria T. Shields: Yes, Jason, I think we spelled that out in the prepared remarks.
James E. Cashman: I think we spelled that out in the prepared remarks, too. You want to just clarify that and then we'll...
Maria T. Shields: Yes, Japan, total combined in constant currency was 13.5%.
Jason Rogers: Does that takes out any contribution from Apache? I'm just trying to...
Maria T. Shields: Well, Apache wasn't there last year, so...
Jason Rogers: Right. I'm just trying to look for the core performance if you take out Apache.
Maria T. Shields: Yes, 10% plus a little bump for currency.
Jason Rogers: Okay. And do you anticipate that to improve a little bit for the coming quarters given the sales force changes that you've made as they get up to speed?
Maria T. Shields: Yes, absolutely. We highlighted that we were going through some net sales management issues in Q1. We kind of worked through that. We on-boarded a new team and so we have a lot of confidence that the second half will look better for Japan than the first half did.
James E. Cashman: Don't think -- I mean we're not guaranteeing what the ramp-up rate will be. But the -- again, the direction factor being in the -- going in the right direction is definitely there.
Jason Rogers: Okay. And finally, Jim, I wonder if you could give your best guess on the potential size of Esterel's market?
James E. Cashman: Well, the problem is, again, this is almost kind of like saying you're -- again, this is like trying to predict the size of the PC market. When you're sitting in 1990 and you're trying to predict how it will -- what it will be in 2010. And all I can say is that it's so many orders of magnitude bigger than what Esterel currently is that, that's really not the long haul and the time for us. I mean if you think of the amount of microprocessors going at all Smart Products, if you look at the amount of software that's required for those, if you look at the amount of certification that's required for everything from nuclear plant operation, to aircraft, to maybe running these smart train systems and things like that, cars that drives themselves and the like, I mean it's -- I think there's the really big opportunity for it to go viral over the next 5 to 10 years. So it's so much bigger that trying to pin it down, it's just not where we put the attention. Because right now, the pull demand that we're getting from inquisitive customers is virtually enough to totally swamp us.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Dan Cummins at ThinkEquity.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: I apologize if this was asked previously. I wanted to see if, Jim, if you could give us kind of sketch Esterel as compared to Wind River and Green Hills and the embedded OS companies on the one hand, but also, something like Symyx, which a piece of simulation software that Intel acquired I think to pair with Wind River, where is Esterel positioned competitively? And then a question about optimizing your direct, indirect model over the next 2 to 5 years.
James E. Cashman: Yes. On some of the things -- I wouldn't pretend to have the in-depth knowledge of all those different companies. I can only tell you why we were interested in Esterel. And I know when sometimes when people say embedded software, even after we announced Esterel, I started getting a bunch of inquiries from all sorts of "embedded software companies". Again, we're focused -- there are many aspects of that. That's not necessarily just the operating system. With us, we're more interested in the functioning code that affects the functioning of an overall smart product. So you'll see a level there. Now there are people that will dice it. There are some people that manage the product life cycle, if you will, of embedded code. And there are other people that will deal with the infrastructural aspects of it. Again, we're staying true to the simulation aspect and as such, treating embedded software as one of many components that comprise a functioning system, all of which have to interact together. I'm sorry, the second part of the question, Maria, did you...
Maria T. Shields: Optimizing the...
James E. Cashman: Optimize a direct, indirect, yes. Well, I mean that's something that we continue to look at on an ongoing basis. The truth of the matter is that having the balance between the 2 is very important as anybody has seen over the last 10, 15, 20 years of our business in terms of providing the resiliency, the recurring revenue, all of those kind of aspects. However, it's not easy to find high-quality new salespeople for the direct side, and it's even more difficult to percolate these indirect channels that you built a 20-year history with and you trust them and you know they'll provide quality software and they can actually perform. That's the thing that takes a long -- that's not just to go out and recruit. That's a long-term building process. So if you look at it, we would still like to increase the rate at which our indirect channel can represent the full portfolio of products. So obviously, there's the luring process of that, but we want both of those to grow. And frankly, over the last few years, you've seen that we've kind of reached a pretty good balance point where in fact both sides are growing somewhat symmetrically. And that's a very positive thing. We'd like to see those kinds of things going. If we can continue to get additional reach to everything from OEM partnerships, which sometimes are problematic to increase indirect channels, in addition to continuing to grow our direct channel, we're interested in all aspects of that. And basically, the whole situation will probably continue to change and evolve because the distribution landscape of today looks very different from the one of 20 years ago. And it's going to look different 10 years from now. And you start throwing things like the evolution of the cloud as it starts to become more significant for this massively parallel world that we operate in. There's going to be a lot of changes going in, but there's also a lot of things that have to happen for that to come into effect.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: So when you say balance, you don't necessarily mean 50-50 but just some equilibrium?
James E. Cashman: Yes, yes. In other words, we don't want to see one where there's a big trend line that shows that one or the other is dropping off a cliff.
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Koenig at Wedbush.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I wanted to -- let's see, my main question here is deferred. It looks like it was up pretty sharply in Q2 more than just seasonally typical. And I'm wondering, is it FMC, what other factors come to play and any color on that you can give?
James E. Cashman: No, the bottom line is, the fact is, both on an organic and on an overall standpoint, the business intake grew at a faster rate than the revenue that we recognized. And when you have those things happen, it has to go somewhere and it goes into deferred balance. But we actually view that as being a very positive thing. And frankly, that's one of the aspects that even though there's a lot of uncertainty towards the end of the year, and I talked about the skewing within the range, it still is one thing that speaks to the -- basically, a statistically stable kind of demand function. So really, there's really kind of no real surprise. I don't know, Maria, sometimes we balance for FX. I don't know if there's any of that kind of thing.
Maria T. Shields: Yes. And the only other thing...
James E. Cashman: And we had strong renewal -- yes, the renewal rates were stronger, actually improving.
Maria T. Shields: Right. Good strong renewal rates. A portion of those 19 deals that we highlighted over $1 million certainly contributed to that deferred revenue.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the flip side, I want to ask on services, you -- they were -- looked a little light. You mentioned the core services was growing. So education and training, sometimes, we see that as -- that tends to drop off when people are worried about the macro. Was that light and is that any sort of alarm or indicator to you?
James E. Cashman: No, actually, training was actually up quite a bit. And again, that's not -- your core assumption is actually valid, but the thing is that when people were starting to continue to invest in the technology, in some cases, what they were doing was they were training existing known resource when you might be a little bit more reserved in hiring of new ones. And a lot of times, when we expand and add new logos, we do that. So actually, the training was relatively strong. It's just that even if it grows in the higher double-digits, it's not going to move the dial a whole lot. But that's been a pretty good portion for us.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Cashman, would you like to make any closing remarks?
James E. Cashman: Oh, certainly, always, but I've got to think of some. Okay. So basically, let's just summarize. So the emphasis for the remainder of 2012, it's obviously going to be in the initial integration of the Esterel business; continued integration of the Apache, basically with a focus on in those with execution growth customer engagement; continue our investment patterns, basically, the customer receptivity, the long-term vision, it just continues to strengthen; we're going to focus of course on the release of ANSYS 14.5, which is expected toward the end of this year. But with the addition of Esterel solutions, the breadth of this portfolio strengthened even further. And bottom line is, again, it's almost becoming like a mantra here, but we're continuing to be propelled. It's a strong combination of the vision. The business model is resilient. But, golly, our customers are great, and they've been with us for a number of years. Same thing for the partners. And not only partially because of the strong technology we have and frankly the, I'll say, the growing base of employees that we think are just really exceptional. Thanks to any of them that might hear -- listen to this playback. But now, it also includes a very, very talented team with new core competencies from Esterel. So that -- those are the things. Yes, we've got some uncertainties out there in the world, but everybody's got those, we just try to do with customers, technology, employees and a solid business model, those things that allow us to make the best of whatever comes our way. So with that, I'll just thank everybody for your time, and we'll look forward to seeing you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-03 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jason Rogers Barbara Coffey - Brigantine Advisors Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS' First Quarter 2012 Conference Call. With us today are Mr. Jim Cashman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer. For your information, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Jim Cashman for some opening remarks.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Good morning, and again, thank you, everyone, for joining us to discuss ANSYS' 2012 first quarter financial results. So consistent with the standard protocol we've been keeping, all of the general information and key topics relative to Q1's business performance and our 2012 outlook are included within this morning's earnings release and in the prepared remarks document that we posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning.  So with that, I'll introduce my cohort here, Maria Shields, our CFO, who will go through our Safe Harbor Statement. So Maria?
Maria T. Shields: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. I'd just like to remind you that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information, unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K.  So Jim, I'll turn it back over to you.
James E. Cashman: Okay, great. Thanks. So before we get started with the Q&A, I'd like to briefly underscore a few important highlights regarding our Q1 results and the continued commitment to delivering our 2012 outlook. So let me begin by saying Q1 was a solid quarter on many fronts. I guess from my perspective the most important aspect of the performance for Q1 was that despite some challenges, we continued an important multiyear trend for us to the company and the management team, and we delivered on those key commitments. So both revenue and earnings were in line with the range that we have guided on coming into the quarter.  In addition, just hitting some highlights here, we achieved double-digit revenue growth in all 3 major geographies as well as double-digit growth in our software license and our maintenance and service businesses. The Apache financial results were slightly ahead of our projections, and we made good progress in our integration efforts, but of course, there's a lot more work ahead of us. Our recurring revenue went to 72%, our operating margins remained strong at 50%, our deferred revenue grew to an all-time high of $299 million. We generated $83.6 million in operating cash flows. And on the hiring front, as we have mentioned on previous calls, we added a net 40-plus new employees for the quarter, and there's more planned in Q2 in the second half of 2012.  So with that, there are many positive aspects in the quarter. In addition to that, including strong revenue performance in Germany and North America, most notably. And then as always, there were some isolated sales execution issues that impacted the quarter and have been the top priority for us in Q2 and the remainder of 2012.  Our industry composition continues to be diverse while exhibiting particular strengths in a few sectors like automotive, aerospace, energy, industrial equipment and electronics. We added new customers and also continued to see new sales and strong renewals at our existing account base, where we're in virtually all of the top 100 industrial companies in the world. Most importantly, this was accomplished while we maintained the core tenets of our long-term vision, and it was supported by an environment where our customers that just can't afford to compromise on the depth, breadth or quality of the simulation solutions that they're using in the processes to solve their own complex design challenges.  So the result of this is as we look forward to the remainder of 2012, we're slightly raising and tightening our range. This consists of maintaining the upper end of our range while absorbing some minor additional currency impacts. We're also raising the floor of our previous guidance. And so netting all this out, we will remain committed to our full year outlook on non-GAAP earnings and the revenue for 2012, with revenues in the range of $810 million to $830 million in revenue, and earnings in the range of $2.78 to $2.87. And for Q2, we're targeting non-GAAP revenues in the range of $192 million to $199 million, and EPS in the range of $0.66 to $0.69.  So with all that to just kind of highlight and bracket the things, we'll now open the phone lines to any questions that you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Steve Ashley from Robert W Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I'm surprised by this, but I wonder if you could give us some more color on the sales issues you talked about, where they were and maybe a little bit more color on what they were.
James E. Cashman: Well, I mean, the only thing is -- I mean, first of all, I mean, for the last 10 years, every quarter, we've talked about the areas that we're going to continue to focus on and raising all those levels. But we did mention in the other commentary that for instance, in Japan, yes, there were some macro issues, there were some things related around the electronics sector and there were some things that we felt that we could turn the gain up on in terms of execution, so nothing earthshaking. It's just kind of the standard process of continuing to grow and reenergize a business on an ongoing basis. So I mean, it's really kind of that. And we mentioned -- I think we probably mentioned the U.K. but obviously, there are some things going on there with some of the austerity measures and getting there -- the fiscal house in order, overall. But that tends to put a dampening effect, which does hit in the short term. On the other hand, we talked about a variety of pockets of strength. So if it's really that same litany, where there's always areas that are performing well and you want to turn the gain up on that, and other where you sit there and say, "Hey, we think there's opportunity for more." And that's -- so things that we continue to do behind the scenes and again, just in trying to keep us as transparent as possible, we’ll spell those out.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Terrific. And then maybe you could comment on linearity on the quarter. I know DSOs were just a little bit higher than last year.
Maria T. Shields: Linearity. Steve, linearity is about the same.
James E. Cashman: There's no really appreciable change in linearity now on the DSOs, I mean, we can dissect, though.
Maria T. Shields: No significant changes or concerns, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, in Q1, it appears that you're -- ANSYS-only growth in constant currency x the Apache acquisition was in the high single digits, and I'm wondering if you're assuming that for the remainder of the year, you can return to double-digit constant currency growth for the ANSYS business, again, excluding the Apache business.
James E. Cashman: Okay. No, no, no. I got you on that. And the first thing I'd say is that in general, we were right in line with the guidance that we set for Q1 with all the things that we saw, the various timings of major account renewals, a whole range of things that are tied in with our business. So we tied in pretty well on that. I think we did note that -- and we're not calling out any kind of a trend here. We're just noticing a piece wise of data is that even in the organic business, our lease business climbed up a bit. Now I don't -- we don't see anything anecdotally that says it's a long-term trend here. But one thing that does do is it tends to solidify longer-term revenue pattern and it tends to have a slight dampening on the short-term base. I mean, even as you go -- when you look at the organic deferred revenue, you'd see that, that grew in excess of the rates, which kind of bears all that out. Now to -- so everything kind of like pretty much as we have said. And as I said going forward into the guidance, we went into -- so the guidance is really looking at about 12% to 14% constant currency for the organic standpoint. I think that was the net crystal of what you're talking there. And in our guidance, like I mentioned, we've been absorbing additional currency impacts, so actually raising that guidance. We've also tightened the range a little bit, raised the floor. So all of that kind of plays into that 12% to 14%. But 12% to 14% constant currency organic for the year.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. My follow-up then is with respect to your vertical markets. Are you seeing across the verticals, including the ones you mentioned, any appreciable differences in terms of either license growth as measured in seats, or as well, are you seeing any appreciable differences by vertical in terms of lease or maintenance renewal rates?
James E. Cashman: Okay. The first question, the easiest one to address is on the lease renewal rates. Basically pretty uniform across all industries and again, staying in that mid- to high-90s kind of range that we've historically talked about. Now when you talk about the individual industry participants, there does tend to be a high correlation, of course, between the additional growth. And so those areas that are a little bit more vibrant or in stronger renewal cycles -- not renewal, but renovation cycles, you'll see that kind of rise up. So -- but I'd say that it's fairly linearly a portion to all of the industries, pretty much in relative proportion to how they've grown. I would say also, though, that the trend that we talked about on top of other calls, you will see that the HPC aspects continue to grow, so that can tied of, whether you count that as a seat or a user or things like that, that gets a little bit different. The one thing that was interesting is, if you noticed, there was one thing that I mentioned and I might have created a paradox here, but talked about the -- in an earlier question, talked about the macroeconomic and particularly, the macro in the electronics sector in Japan as being a factor in Japan. However, we talked about the relative strength in North America with double-digit growth, and they were actually quite strong in the electronics. Likewise, some of the other giants that you'd hear are the upcoming names in Electronics, Korea was particularly strong and, of course, that is heavily influenced by the electronics sector. So there's really kind of like no oddball data that would poke you in a different direction. Those industry sectors in general went well. Sometimes they were metered by a local macroeconomic sectors, but in general, it was all pretty linear. And then like I said, the foundation across all that was, regardless of the industry, the renewal rates were right in the target range that we maintain.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Davis from Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Maybe kind of following up on what Jay asked. Do you have a sense on what the organic growth rate of the core ANSYS bookings are? You mentioned deferred revenues bumping up and for some companies, that's helpful; some companies, it's not. Because I don't know how much is services or maintenance renewals, but if you have something along those lines to kind of -- that would help people understand kind of how [indiscernible] change.
James E. Cashman: Well, basically, I don't have that number off the top of my head. I mean, other than the fact that we did do that check on there to make sure that yes, we're looking at -- basically, we're also in the -- if you look at the deferred revenue for organic only, it went double digits, correct into the double-digit things. So above the rate we had for the revenue originally, which also was the guidance revenue we had. So I don't have that specific number, so I don't want to take a wild stab at it. But the fact is, you could see that, that increase, that influx to lease, which I say is a slight shift right now, you see some of the other things. But it really didn't relate. One thing you mentioned there in terms of service, it didn't relate to bookings for pre-service or anything out of ordinary there because all of the renewal rates were basically in line. So really, we just see this as more of a net positive overall for the long term of the business.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Got it. And then I guess a follow-up would be, competitively, it sounded as if most of your -- again, adjusting for natural enthusiasms of private companies, but it sounds like most of the private companies with whom you competed had a pretty good quarter. Do you have a sense as to any changing customer matter competitive dynamics out there?
James E. Cashman: Well, basically, absolutely not in terms of any changing dynamic. I mean, there's always going to be a collection of people. I mean, none that compete across the broad spectrum that we have, that have individual solutions occurs. Obviously, the law, the denominator can work for or against you in that standpoint. I mean, the relative size of things. But if you look at the scale we had, everything was kind of in line with, again, in line with our guidance and in line with the normal booking and renewal and addition cycles of most of the customers, there wasn't any new competitor that popped up as being either numerically or anecdotally more on the radar screen. And frankly, we added a ton of new license business ourselves on top of it, which plays into the overall long-term strengths. So really, no significant changes. And really, if you look at the guidance, the projections and what we've been talking about, no surprises. That's just more validation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blair Abernethy from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Two quick things. Maria, I wondered if you could comment some more on the headcount, the 40 that you added this quarter, so where did you fill holes there and sort of what are you looking like going forward?
Maria T. Shields: Yes, the 40 are probably maybe slightly less than half of that in the sales force. The remainder of that, a scattering of R&D and some G&A.
James E. Cashman: It was across all sectors. We did hire on the platform of what we were planning on for sales. Of course, when you do that, you have a little bit of the support thing that comes along. And we did the aforementioned, things that we talked out in previous calls in terms of continuing to ramp up the R&D engine, so we had key ones there. But again, we really only go for the cream of that -- of particular standpoint. But then, underneath that, there was basically across all sectors. And I mean, you really don't go much further than look at -- go to ansys.com and look at the position list that are even publicly quoted there, and you'll see the ones that we're continuing to look for as we go forward.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And the other question I had is for you, Jim. Can you give us a sense of what the magnitude of the shift was this quarter from what you would've expected to be paid up that shifted to lease? And then are you still seeing a larger trend here of major or long-time customers continue to come off lease back towards to paid up?
James E. Cashman: No, not really on the second one. On the first one, probably talking about a couple of million. Of course, that makes the -- I mean, we were still in the bit of the original revenue range. But that was that. If there was a minor, minor surprise, that was part of it. But again, that works out well for us long term. But that was about the level, the shift that we are looking at. The fact is that we're still business in hand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I want to start with the SG&A expenses. When you look at the spending level in the quarter, how did that come in relative to what you kind of had thought originally coming into the quarter? Because relative to the seasonal trends, it seems like it's a little bit lighter than what we would have seen.
Maria T. Shields: Yes, it's lighter, largely due to hedge.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So just for headcount, I was going to add -- the follow-up question would be around that. How much of that was variable expenses coming in lower than seasonal?
Maria T. Shields: Yes, the other thing that -- this was probably the lowest quarter in a very long time for ANSYS where we basically had no bad debt expense.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, okay. It is my backhanded way of asking you when you look at the commission revenue around it, I know you have the leased versus the purchased, but how was the variable expense around commissions in the quarter?
Maria T. Shields: Commissions, commissions were maybe a little bit lower just because if you don't have the salespeople here, you can't pay the commission.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, okay. And in terms -- but to your point being light on heads, you hired into sales, where was the turnover? Was it proactive [ph]?
Maria T. Shields: Yes, some of the sales positions, particularly in Japan, while they're higher, the problem is they have long notice periods. So they're "higher" but some of them didn't start until the end of the quarter or won't start until Q2.
James E. Cashman: A couple of people we mentioned, of course, were like partial entrants into the quarter, not across the whole quarter, but they...
Maria T. Shields: Yes, not everybody started in January.
James E. Cashman: But they'll show at the whole Q2.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So you'll start to get a little bit -- obviously, it takes a couple of quarters for them to ramp, but you'll start to get a little bit of contribution from them in the second quarter?
Maria T. Shields: Yes.
James E. Cashman: Yes, you'll start to see that.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then on the lease versus purchase discussion, how much of that shift was just shifting in greenfield new customers coming in deciding to go lease versus purchase, versus existing customers that, as they're adding additional licenses for HPC or something else deciding to lease them instead of purchase?
James E. Cashman: The majority of it was new. I mean, anecdotally, there might have been a few a little threads of things that people were picking up something to try to -- because they can get it more quickly than they could going through the capital purchase long term. But if the majority of it was new from almost everything I could see, I don't know, Maria, do you...
Maria T. Shields: Yes. I would say it's more newer business, newer names than our long, traditional enterprise accounts.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And last question, when you talk about electronics in Japan, is this specifically CE? We saw a lot of news with Sony cutting heads, for example. Is it more consumer electronics that...
James E. Cashman: Oh, yes, yes. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off. But yes, it definitely was more consumer electronics. And on the other hand, when I talk about some of the versions [ph] of pockets of strength, there were some of those that were driven up by strength in some other geography locales. And it somewhat mirrors the headlines you'd see about who's driving in current electronics growth and who's having a little bit more difficulty and things like that. A recent write up in The Wall Street Journal on some things along that line. So yes, it's heavily driven along those lines. It tends to be more micro in this case than macro. In other words, geography and/or even account-specific.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Cummins from ThinkEquity.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Let's see, first question regarding the revenue guidance for Q2. The sequentials are pretty strong in the guidance, I think 4% to 7.5%. My model goes back to I think 2004, and I don't have an organic in that range. I'm just curious what you're seeing or counting on or maybe you have already seen business that wrapped over. And then I had a follow-up on your reference to customers switching preference toward term in Q1.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Yes, just give me -- Q2 is really based on that bottom-up forecast and then we got a pretty good visibility on a lot of that business. So really, this represents the grassroots that gets down to a named account kind of basis scoured by geography, and that's really what stays long and it tracks along with our earlier statements, it tracks along with the -- it dovetails nicely into the longer-term annual guidance. So it's been basically just one more piece of that in that puzzle, and hopefully, we demonstrated that over a long period of years. And then, I'm sorry, you had a second question on the time on the period licenses versus paid-up?
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Yes, actually. And also -- I just wanted to also clarify that all of Apache is term, ratable term?
James E. Cashman: I mean, like, yes, high 90%. I mean, I'm saying there may be a couple of odd ones out there, but it's all time-based.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Okay, right. On the prepared remarks slides, Page 3, it says, “Certain customers electing to switch their Q1 orders from paid-up to lease.” I'm curious kind of what's the case color on those examples? What's coming back from your field salespeople? What do you think is the change there on the customer side?
Maria T. Shields: Choppiness where people are perhaps being a little cautious with their capital, especially in the SMB world where credit’s not always robust and cash is king. Sometimes at the begin of the quarter, they're feeling better, and maybe just like we see, choppiness is parts of the business due to macro issues, maybe they felt the same thing and they decided that they’d go with leases versus paid-ups.
James E. Cashman: Yes, and when we go into this -- I mean, we've talked over the years, we're relatively agnostic when it comes to which kind of purchase or acquisition mechanism they'll use. So a lot of times, you'll have that in the forecast that we know that an order is good, and it's coming in, but it can shift slightly. Normally, we have an idea what form it's coming in. But not all the time. Sometimes it gets down to the wire and the customers says, "We want to get a kick on this project, but we will have to acquire it in a different way." And that's kind of what we saw here. But again, relatively small. This is not -- I want to highlight, this is not the kind of impact we saw back in the 2009 or 2002 timeframes, where you could see wholesale -- and I wouldn't call it migrations, I just call it temporary dislocations that 1 year or 2 later sell themselves out. This is just one quarter of things that did amount to a, not insignificant amount of information but it's -- or business transfer, but it was something that we want to -- that we said that we needed to kind of highlight. We'll be keeping an eye on it. But at the end of the day, we're still adding those customers, they're still using the software and again, our deferred base continues to -- and recurring business tends to keep rising on that, so it certainly helps as another aspects of the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Koenig from Longbow Research.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Just a quick clarification, housekeeping before the main question, if you don't mind. Maria, the deferred revenue in the print says $282 million. So I'm just wondering the discrepancy with the $299 million. Is that the -- is the print the current deferred or what's the difference?
Maria T. Shields: Yes, the $282 million is current and then there is $17.7 million deferred revenues. It's classified on the balance sheet in the long-term section.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, great. And then what I'd like to inquire about is Europe here, looks like it grew about 10% constant currency organic. You had really strong results in Germany. The PMIs in April really declined in Germany, did not look good in that country and for Europe overall. And so I'm wondering, can you comment on, number one, linearity at the start of the quarter here in April. And secondly -- particularly Germany. And then secondly, what are you assuming about Europe and your guidance going forward?
James E. Cashman: Well, the guidance is still based again on the existing relationships we have and the short-term in forecast. The linearity, no real changes to highlight on that. The key thing is, again, we've -- I've witnessed this pattern probably about 3 or 4 times where -- and usually Germany was at the epicenter of it, where people’s idea was, here is the German GDP and why are you growing way above that? It just turns out that there's a lot of multinational companies that are supplying infrastructure, energy, a whole range of things to other places in the globe, and as such, they're having a huge influx of business, and those are the ones that we continue to do quite strongly with. So while macros can be a -- I'm sorry, while the macro economy of a sub-region can be a factor for us, it's more often transcended by the markets that the companies in there are serving, because we're not really like a consumer entity within those geographies. And that's why even on the Japan situation, I mentioned the fact that you're looking at some micro -- some companies that are having broader range issues on a global competitiveness issue, and those are the ones that are being written up in the papers. So while it's certainly is a factor, it really isn't a necessary -- it isn't necessarily a barrier to the ongoing growth, again, because we're serving companies that are serving not just European markets but serving global markets.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: So Jim, is it fair to say your Europe assumptions are about the same as a quarter ago?
James E. Cashman: Yes, I mean, broadly speaking, yes. I mean, there's always going to be some puts and takes across the board, but yes, it's -- and in fact, that's why it's reflective again in our guidance, which, again, we've kind of strengthened and tighten the range on for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Schappel from Benchmark.
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Jim, you recently highlighted your strategic agreement with FMC in the recent press release. I was wondering if you could just comment a little bit further on that relationship, and whether we can expect similar type of partnerships down the road?
James E. Cashman: Well, first of all, looking at those kinds of partnerships are actually things that we've been seeing in increasing amounts. With regards to these kind of announcements though, the more strategic they get, actually, the more, I don't want to say cloak and dagger, but the more secretive they get. Because the fact is, the customer you mentioned was a long-standing customer. They’ve continued to grow with us over time. And in fact, it's just another one of those things -- we've been talking about this at the Analyst Day, those long-standing customers that are actually expanding and elevating. They're starting to move up our quintessential S-curve, if you will. Now the nature of what's involved in there, the more strategic those relationships get, actually, the more secretive they become in terms of what they're doing, because more often than not, they're doing it to -- for some increase in strategic advantage and they normally don't like to talk a lot about the details of what those are. So really, it's an overall strengthening. The other thing you've mentioned is that these customers as they extend and elevate, they tend to get much broader in the product portfolios that they're using. So these are the ones -- we've talked about this where everybody loves the concept of multi-physics but it's a long time to get it built into the process of individual customers. You'll see, if you look at some of these customers, that they actually are also increasing the breadth of products and the interactivity with which they're using them. And all of those are kind of in our wheelhouse. They're really good portends for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Perry Huang from Goldman Sachs.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask a question around gross margins. It looks like for the full year guidance at 87% compares to the prior outlook of about 87% to 88%. Should we think about the outlook as reflecting a higher contribution from services revenue, which I think had a strong quarter sequentially, I'm sorry, or maybe lower license expectations given the shift in the quarter?
James E. Cashman: No, no, no. There's 2 primary things. You hit one, and again, these are all very minor things. But again, when you're talking about 88%, 87% -- going to 87%, that's really -- that's not a seismic -- that's not a tectonic shift. Yes, we've talked over the past few quarters about using services as a means of accelerating some of those hurdles to the advanced adoption of it. I'd say the other thing is -- so you will see that that's already incorporating into those trends that you correctly seen. The other thing is that there's another element in that gross margin line that relates to royalty content and some of the components that we might be using. So there’s going to be a small contribution of that in there. But again, nothing really apart from what we've been talking about for the last few quarters.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And sort of as a follow-up around HPC, is there any color that maybe you could provide around the momentum of the business in the quarter? For example, last year, I think commentary was that it was about 10% of total sales. I'm just trying to get a sense of the business momentum as we start this year.
James E. Cashman: Well, the thing we've been talking about that's kind of a metric here that seems to be growing at about 2 to 3x of the license growth, which means that people, while we're adding new users, the intensity of the previous users is continuing to increase. That means they can solve larger problem sizes and more complex things. They can get things in a lesser amount of time. So if you just extrapolate those multiples, yes, it's creeping up there. But again, if you look to the pie chart, they'd probably be largely un-differentiable because you have that smaller component growing at a larger rate. It's not like it's, oh now, it's 15% or 20%, but it just continues to edge up there, and we are seeing it continue to grow disproportionately.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Rogers from Great Lakes Review.
Jason Rogers: Looking at your growing cash balance, I was interested in your thoughts on both the acquisition environment, as well as share repurchases, given your recent increase in the authorization.
James E. Cashman: Well, the -- we always -- I mean, the reason we authorized that increased share count was to have more latitude on when the previous plan which was starting to get a little bit tighter. So that's always on there. And according to the same metrics that we've always talked about how we do that. With regard to the acquisition environment, of course, those -- the very large ones in the tangential spaces aren't as much, but there really are a number of tech tuck-ins and things, I think for every quarter that I can remember for over a decade, we talked about those. Those are always on the radar. Now they don't always come. I mean, it's not like you decide that you decide to do them and a week later, you announce them. So there's always a lot of work in terms of due diligence and things like that, that are going on. But that is still the number one thing that we are utilizing, that we're looking for the utilization of cash on. Secondarily is, it would be yes, we are looking at that opportunistic share repurchases. And frankly, over the last few quarters, couple of years, the -- any kind of acceleration of debt paydown has really just not been high on that pecking order of best uses of cash. So it really does get down. But there are some interesting technologies out there. Ones that we're interested that would be great acquisitions, great partners, a whole range of things. And what makes it a little bit trickier is the -- sometimes is the, in the turbulence of today and what's going on, there's always -- bridging those valuation or even defining what is a good valuation sometimes is a very interesting challenge for all sides of the equation.
Jason Rogers: And could you provide an update on your CRM system? Where you are in the implementation of that?
Maria T. Shields: Yes, that's fully implemented. And in fact, in Q1, we brought Apache on relative to order processing and financials. So they are now fully integrated from a system perspective relative to sales forecasting and ordering and processing and financial segment.
James E. Cashman: The one thing we continue to do, this is an organic system. It continues to grow with the business. And as such, yes, every year, we're doing things to enhance it in terms of the tie-ins with marketing, the robustness of the forecasting mechanism, a range of different things and interconnectivity with some of our other infrastructural systems. So I mean, we'll continue. But in terms of, is everybody using it? Are we using it on all products? We continue to say at that point, we're able to quickly, as Maria mentioned, quickly do that even on recent acquisitions. So we've gotten to the point where it's a pretty vibrant standpoint. But just like we’ve got really good software that we provide our customers but they're always asking for additional things, our internal groups here are going to be continuing to ask for additional things and we’ll continue to progress that. But in terms of the breadth of its coverage and the uniformity of it, we're essentially there.
Maria T. Shields: And having look things behind.
James E. Cashman: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Barbara Coffey from Brigantine.
Barbara Coffey - Brigantine Advisors: Actually, I have 2 questions. Can you speak a bit about how you're continuing to penetrate some of your large accounts, and if possible, give a breakdown of how much revenue came from sort of existing accounts versus new accounts? And then, this is more a refresher for me because I just don't seem to have it anywhere in my notes. When you sign up people for the HPC-type programs, how are you charging and sort of what kind of adoption are you seeing off of HPC solutions relative to sort of revenue growth?
James E. Cashman: Yes, well so the -- let's see, the first part of that is the major accounts were -- first of all, we're growing in the existing divisions. We typically -- that's happening through increasing number of users and increasing the number of projects. So for instance, if a project was a midstream, they might not try to inject us but as that rolls off and it roll on new projects, that comes on. Secondarily, we've seen that then bridges over to sister divisions, and what it also tends to do is either sister design groups inside the same entity or these are multidisciplinary major account groups that are in like multiple industries, they will actually now start to spread that across different ones, whereupon we’ll actually sometimes formalized the arrangement by which we actually meet and interact with them. And FMC, which was alluded to earlier by one of the questioners on this call is kind of a really nice example of how that happens. So it continues to grow along those lines. In general, the major account activities continue to grow, but none of our staff’s along the #1 customer, the top customer, no one being more than 5%, the top 50 or so being just around that 20%. So it's in those ranges, none of those things have really changed. And I think the final thing you had was on the HPC. And I said the HPC gets -- I don't have a precise number for it but it gets -- it just get implemented at higher levels in the more mature accounts. So the major accounts tend to adopt it a little bit more, like I mentioned before. If you look at the additional incremental seats that come in, probably happens at about 2x, the rate of incremental individual seats that are coming in. So that kind of paints the overall canvas.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan from Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Maria, I noticed that the long-term deferred revenue stepped up quite significantly this quarter. Can you talk to why?
Maria T. Shields: Yes, it's largely Apache-related, Ross.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, but I guess the question will be then, Apache has been in for a couple of quarters now. Was there any change in kind of duration of billing or any sort of contractual changes there that would've driven that?
Maria T. Shields: Yes. Also, Ross, one thing that will factor into that is the write-down from the purchase accounting becomes smaller and smaller, so that will impact that number.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, okay. So just to be clear then, most of that change sequentially in long-term deferred relates to the Apache business, not ANSYS core?
Maria T. Shields: Yes, the majority of it relates Apache.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then I just had one other question on the Apache business. You comment that you're executing on the milestones to work towards the comprehensive chip package system offering. Can you just update us on kind of the timeframe and the kind of way should we think about having that comprehensive release in market? Is that something where we'll actually get to a point where we will have net new products in market, or is it just more kind of evolutionary and that won't be necessarily sort of net new product release, if you will, in that division [ph]?
James E. Cashman: I don't think -- if you think of net new, if you're mentioning net new product as a new module to attack this, no. Our physics are going to attack all of that. It's basically -- internally, we've outlined that probably about 3 1-year time frames that I think I mentioned earlier ones, looking at being able to take some of the signal integrity and work that with power integrity and working with our SI products in addition to some of the Sentinel and RedHawk products on theirs, and those are ones that -- so they actually do create an updraft by the virtue of being able to solve a broader range of problems that could be solved, but they are largely -- the integration is largely a problem that's solving connectivity. So in essence, we get kind of a life -- a form of multi-physics, multidisciplinary kind of simulations to solve new classes of problems that have been particularly vexing. And so you'll see that, as we come out with the 14.5 and version 15 over the next few months, you will actually see that level of capability being built in. But it's largely on the integration of the blending of the capabilities and allowing them to inter-operate through the Workbench platform.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. Then maybe one other one for you, Jim. In the world of handsets, we have 2 particularly strong players. One here in the U.S. and one in South Korea. Does that sort of bifurcation between 2 very, very strong players have any implication, either in the supply chain or anywhere else for your Apache offering?
James E. Cashman: Well, there are some -- obviously, there are some links in the supply chain because you do then get to -- you look at the major impact of the various chip providers there and what's being pushed along those lines. But it's nothing that's changing the normal course of business because in general, we tend to have a lot of those situations where all of the major players, be they 2 or be they 5, are utilizing this. And this is one of the -- very often, you get down to the standpoint. This is kind of the classic example where 3%, 4%, 5% increased efficiency and things like that can actually have a major impact on their business. And so it's one of the things we're just kind of getting close enough and using engineering intuition, which is what some of the older generations of this technology does, really doesn't get them past some of the major, major design hurdles. So being able to kind of really get in there and look at those refined effects that allow them to get a better quality product or a better user experience is really what's driving those.
Operator: And at this time, in showing no additional questions, I'd like to turn the conference call back over to Mr. Cashman for any closing remarks.
James E. Cashman: Okay. So well, okay. So just in closing, the emphasis for Q2 and the remainder of 2012, it's just the continued growth, customer development. I mentioned about the improved sales execution, but like I say, we're right in the lines of our guidance. Q1 tracking along it. It’s actually, like I said, strengthening and tightening the guidance for the full year. And again, if you look at that overall, we're encouraged, we're motivated by the positive customer receptivity to our long-term vision, and again, we continue to be propelled by the combination of that vision, but a business model that has continued to work.  And again, I'll do my obligatory close with a shout out to the -- thanks to all the loyal customers, the partners we've had over the years, the people creating the great technology and this growing base of super employees that we have here, and that's really what allowed us to do what we've been doing and will propel us into the future. So thanks to everybody, and we'll see you next quarter on the next call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for attending today's conference call. It has now concluded. You may now disconnect your telephone lines.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-23 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Jim Cashman - President and CEO Maria Shields - VP of Finance & Administration and CFO
Analysts: Steve Ashley - Robert W Baird Ross Macmillan - Jefferies Blair Abernethy - Stifel Nicolaus Richard Davis - Canaccord Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Dan Cummins - ThinkEquity Steve Koenig - Longbow Research Mark Schappel - Benchmark Company Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review
Operator: Welcome to ANSYS Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2011 Conference Call. With us today are Mr. Jim Cashman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Cashman.
Jim Cashman: Good morning and again thanks to everybody for joining us to discuss the ANSYS fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011 financial results. So consistent with what we are doing through 2011 we are going to stay with that same protocol. I will just say all of the general information, key topics relative to the quarter and full year business results, as well as our future outlook are included within the earnings release and in the prepared remarks that we posted on the home page of our investor relations website this morning. So as always before we get started I would like to introduce Maria Shields as pre-mentioned, our CFO for the Safe Harbor statement. Maria?
Maria Shields: Okay, thanks Jim, good morning everybody. I would like to remind everyone on the call that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the world and our business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum.  Consistent with our standard practice during the course of this call and in the prepared remarks we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures, a discussion of the various items that are included in the full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning’s earnings release and the related Form 8-K and I would also like to remind everyone that the ANSYS team will be hosting an Investor Day in New York, next week on March 1, at the NASDAQ MarketSite in Times Square. Please see the investor relations area ansys.com for details about the meeting and the webcast. So Jim, I’ll turn it over to you for some opening commentary before we open up for Q&A.
Jim Cashman: Okay, thanks. Okay so before the Q&A I just like to maybe briefly highlight a few points, I think are particularly significant about the Q4 of 2011 results and also our Q1 2012 outlook. So, I think I got to start by saying that Q4 was just another milestone quarter for ANSYS in most respect. If we saw a continued momentum in various parts of the business that we’ve been investing in and building for the past few years for those of you who have been with us over the years would probably find nothing surprising there. It was evidenced of course by our new record financial performance. Excluding the corporate tax rate chain you see in Japan that resulted in that $0.05 share in non-anticipated tax charges at least from an operational basis, we exceeded the upper end of guidance for both revenue and earnings and that even despite the fact that the average currency rate for the Euro and the British pound fell below the low end of what we’d assumed when we built our Q4 2012 outlook back in early November. The strong Q4 finish translated to a 17% organic annual revenue growth, supplemented by the contribution from Apache, which drove us up to a 22% combined revenue growth for Q4 and 21% for the full year or that’s actually 17% constant currency. We also reported doubled-digit revenue growth within our three major geographic regions for both the fourth quarter and the full year. and in both the major categories of revenue, license and maintenance. The top line performance in turn, not surprisingly, yielded strong margins, record cash flow and earnings for the quarter and the year. It’s also worth noting we delivered above the high end of the full year revenue and EPS guidance that we committed to in this very same call a year ago. In the fourth quarter of 2011 ANSYS heightened their dedication to partnering with our customers to achieve their vision. Basically we are doing, helping this by delivering ANSYS 14. So our latest release provided, really its vast array of new advanced features. I mean, those of you who know me, I could go on for a couple of hours here going on, but they are all posted on the website. We will be covering some of those of course next week in New York but the net result is, it gave customer the ability and confidence to accelerate and innovate their product programs by delivering again what is the highest fidelity, productivity and performance in simulation available today. So as we look at back in 2011, we continue to make important strides with our huge or broad array of customers that were spread across all geographies and industries. We continue to see the growing importance of product integrity and product quality as critical business issues that are driving the use of simulation in our customer base. Just going through a couple of examples that are topical today, we will go with these in more detail in Q&A but telecom, we see, we saw, and continue to see an ever increasing demand for wireless data transfer, in consumer electronics, in transition to 4G network, new applications involving wireless integration, medical equipment, power monitoring satellites, defense, household appliances. In the automotive sector we saw innovation, new classes of problems that are driving new levels of simulation via hybrid electric vehicles or fuel efficiency as well as a drive that we are seeing throughout there and increasing demands of utilization of electronics for safety, performance, entertainment and general regulatory compliance. In industrial electrical segment, the growth was driven by demand for renewable energy, energy efficiency across all standpoints, as well as smart product design and obviously the need for increasing efficiency and electronic power utilization. So all of these were areas that drove the increased interest in the need for our systems and multiphysic stimulation capability. So, in each case they have the same basic cause or factors at the root of it and they require rapid understanding of extremely complex problems with a high degree of fidelity and accuracy and they need to have to be able to do that in a very easy manner, very early on at the design process and that’s really about the mission and really I think the strength of the ANSYS division and strategy. So our ability to solve these increasingly complex problems, it was further enhanced by the addition of Apache to basically our world-class portfolio of solutions.  And I think the other thing is that while we did all of these things in 2011 and we’re meeting all of these customers and demands and pressures, it was done while we maintained the core tenets of our long-term vision. We were being able to support an environment where our customers couldn’t afford to compromise on depth, breadth or quality of the simulation tools that they used to solve their increasingly complex design challenges. So the result of all of these, in addition to what I talked about and what you’re going to read about our Q4 and 2011 performance is that we’ve initiated our outlook on revenue and EPS for Q1 and we’ve updated the fiscal year 2012 outlook as discussed in the earnings release. So essentially, this is a combination of a slight uptick in our business outlook. So a slight uptick in business outlook but it was also offset by the impact of the strengthening of the dollar against the Euro and the British Pound since early November and against the Yen more recently. So, what we’ve done is a we’ve factored in solid pipelines and our plans for an increased sales capacity albeit tempered by the economic uncertainty that we see in different parts of some of the sub-geographies. So after we did that and after we factored in the various changes of currency rates, which are documented, this translates into our current outlook of non-GAAP revenue of range of $185 million to $192 million in Q1 and $808 million to $830 million for fiscal year 2012 and comparably non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.64 to $0.67 in Q1 and for 2012 a range of $2.77 to $2.87. Now more specific details around currency rate and other key assumptions are contained in the prepared remarks that we posted in our investor relations home page earlier this morning. So that really is the quick run through and with that I would be happy I think to the open up the phone lines to take any questions you might have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Steve Ashley from Robert W Baird.
Steve Ashley - Robert W Baird:  Hi guys I was just going to ask about this eight figure deal that you had booked in the period and I am just wondering was that a multi-year deal was that a deal that was booked and built where we manifest the revenue and deferred all of that during the period.
Jim Cashman: Actually what that was it was really our first eight figure customer and what that represents is the accumulation over the calendar year and fiscal year of 2011, the new business volume, business and recurring of that customer. S it was really kind of a hallmark of the, what we talked about seven figure orders and many seven figure customers, it was kind of a significant at least to us as this was the first one to actually crack that barrier in terms of the business this year.
Steve Ashley - Robert W Baird: And then Maria on Apache, you had said last time that you were hoping that they might contribute $60 million to revenue in 2012. You've adjusted the full year number. I am wondering if you can update that or maybe also comment on what you are thinking about Apache contribution in the first quarter.
Maria Shields: Yeah, for the first quarter Steve probably around $15 million for Apache and for full year 2012 around $62 million to $63 million.
Operator: Thank you and the next question comes from Ross Macmillan from Jefferies. 
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies: Jim I am wondering if you could just spend a minute talking about geographic performance because I saw that your organic growth in North America was a little lower than Europe, which maybe is somewhat counter to what we would have expected, could you just maybe provide us with some kind of color on what you are seeing on a geographic basis? Thanks.
Jim Cashman: Well, there's a couple of things. First of all you always have to look at the comparable and the main thing is I mean this is the, if you look at the 10 year progression chart for all the geographies they are all really good but its kind of like the difference between climate and weather. I mean you can see climate as the long-term trend but on any given quarter, any given month or day, the trend could be up, which obviously would make them the comparable Q4 this year. I mean last year for instance we had pretty strong Q3 this year, and if you look at comparable. So if you look at that, in general the trends were, the comparables were kind of skewed a little bit last year but then on top of it things are things we've been talking about is there has been is globalization at some of our major customers and that trend continues and just for clarification for any duties on the call, we actually recognized the revenue at the place being used. So even something is begin build acquired by let say US-based multi national company if they are going in Eastern Europe for instance or they are going into parts of Asia wherever they might go. The revenue would be scored in that ways. So in some ways I treated it always a good thing to check what’s happening in the various regional area but it also is important to understand where the business really is going because that also is driving our long-term investment.
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies: That’s helpful. Thank you. And then just want to follow up I think last quarter you talked about your plans for sale head count growth in calendar 12 and I think you’ve talk about a 10% growth number. Is that still the plan any changes to that capacity growth?
Jim Cashman: I mean within the margin of error that still is the plan. I mean again we’re going to be driven by the quality and we certainly found that the kind of relationships we build with customers of long-term as we clearly watch a scalable long-term people for the sale team. But we’re continuing to grow and that somewhat commensurate with the back that like I said our business is really we would like to say we came up a part from the currency that we swimming against we’re still seeing in terms of the net business that slight uptick. So if you measure the growth we had, the headcount with somewhat commensurate with what we saw in 2011 and we envisioned doing that in 2012 and the only thing might give you may be highlight it, the something that doesn’t show up in that figure is, we have a significant channel presence and the channel is also growing there. So I think, you have to factor both sides of the equation.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Blair Abernethy with Stifel Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel Nicolaus:  All right, thank you. Just actually back on the geography question, your General International business was very strong obviously and particularly Korea, India and China. I wonder if you had just taken a bit more there in terms of the split, I guess of multinationals driving that growth versus local growth or growth through your partners?
Jim Cashman: In all there, there are some multinationals but those are very strong. I mean there are actually some very strong locally based multinationals in those areas. So particular growth in the Korea and (inaudible). China is probably, it was a combination of multinationals going there but there is also would be, the 12th five-year plan that China is going into right now. They are also looking towards commercialization major parts of their business. You see them getting more involved in wind, energy and in consumer electronics and things like that. So those are areas where we are seeing, those particular areas going on right now. There is no doubt that places like China, Korea, India actually we saw good progress. Brazil is an increasingly important emerging market to us and the other thing I have said is, you know that we also are concerned about making sure that the channel can grow with our vision and can be a commensurate part of our business. And I would say, you see with that has been a pretty parallel kind of growth things. So the channel is kind of progressed along with that endpoint, particularly important is GIA because of the, there is a slightly higher composition of channel revenue in the GIA or largely Asia-Pacific part of our business.
Operator:  Thank you. And the next question comes from Richard Davis from Canaccord.
Richard Davis - Canaccord:  Thanks. Two questions. So on the Apache side, you kind of gave guidance for ’12, acquired by you guys. I wasn’t following it but I thought they were expected to grow kind of like 25% a year on a go-forward basis. Is the number that you gave us, assume that kind of similar rate of growth or if so why or why not and then the second one, go ahead. Do that, just give me a follow up.
Jim Cashman: I am sorry. If you look here Richard, there is a couple of things. First of all, if you look at historically, like a lot of the smaller companies, the growth rates might be a little bit higher one, the company is smaller and the denominators are a little bit lower. But if you look at, they were probably looking in the range of the, lets say, 16% to 20% level. But the one thing is on their growth rate.  Keep in mind, that almost a 100% of their business is a time-based license, much of which stretches out in to the three-year basis. I think you will start to see that in the scoring of a long-term deferred revenue balances if you look like in to the balance sheet and things like that, the difference between the short-term. So, as you do that, it tends to build and it’s a typical thing of time-based license subscription type of model where it may grow more steadily but it grows more controllably and so right now, we’re basically, if you look at it, they’re still on target with their internal plans. They’re still on target with the things that we had discussed with them in our due diligence, preceding the acquisitions. So basically everything is going well. If I can answer the unasked question, in some ways, we are even ahead of the integration curve. If you look in terms of technical integration some of the projects that are being done there, you look at our number seven figure deals that we sometimes talk about, we actually had a couple that happened because of a combined Apache and ANSYS presence. So in many cases some of the things are progressing along quite nicely and you have a follow up you were holding on.
Richard Davis - Canaccord: Just quickie. We’ve now seen Autodesk do it in Rendering and MSC do it on the simulation side with an on-demand kind of cloud computing tools. Why or why not do you guys think your customers would have interest in that? What is your point of view on that kind of delivery mechanism you may well call it?
Jim Cashman: We had it for 11 years and we had it ongoing for 11 years. Even our partners delivered their own version of it with their own hosted hardware. So we’ve had it for over a decade. We build the workbench platform, at that time it was called grid computing. Then it became something else and then it became cloud and it went from ASP to SaaS models and things like that. And then you didn’t hear us talk about some of the things we have been doing in high performance computing That was also built in mind with this if you will a form of virtually infinite computing available. So it has been the ANSYS offering for ages. Now there are a number of issues when you talk about calculating the cloud. Now again when we talk about the cloud we can dissect the private cloud or urban cloud and number of different things like that hosted applications. So in general we are seeing this already being used in private clouds by our key customers actually pretty heavily that’s one of the things that help fuel the HPC growth but without getting overly burdensome on this call. There are a number of reasons why it sounds really good, but this is different than the type of ERP applications or mail applications or utility type of applications and it really gets down to bandwidth security and latency. And those problems are going to be taken care of overtime with some technological breakthroughs, but those tend to be the major either technical or emotional reasons why customers are a little bit slower to move onto that particular standpoint and then quite frankly there will be pricing things that will have to be dealt because. And it’s somewhat analogous to what you saw with the cell phone plans where you used to have unlimited data plans and all of a sudden oh, oops when the data explosion happens, the model kind of goes a little bit strange, you know a lot of things people like about some of the cloud pricing models that are out there is the predictability versus the, if you will the electric utility meter model and those are the things they will have to work out. But with cell phones they have got to the point now they've put data limitations on them or at certain level, they will actually throttle the data and things like that. So I mean they are, at the end of the day there is no free lunch but I would say right now, again we had it for many years continuously and again bandwidth, security and latency are probably the three major classifications of technical hurdles that take these, that drive the ability for people to really effectively utilize these. I mean these are massive computation engines that need to, some time when you send out a run and you've got hundreds and thousands of simultaneous cores running, they all need to be in communication with one another and that can’t always be guaranteed on just kind of like the overall cloud in the timeframes that are needed to keep things in sync. So bottom line is architecturally with the software we are ready, business model, billing mechanism, everything else, we've been running it for 11-12 years, it’s never been a huge growing thing. It’s a nice supplemental, sometimes people use it for, sometimes people use it for overflow type of situation, sometimes people use it to get their foot in the water without being totally committed and things like that. But for broad-based propagation and proliferation we’ve got to, there will be some things that still have to move on, but the bottom line we’re in place and we’ve done all the heavy lifting years ago that we needed to do to be ready for.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: You commented I think in the prepared remarks about the impact on the Africa margins from Apache. What I am kind of curious about is how should we think about the operating margin trends and trajectory from here and maybe tie into that the rest of your integration and cost synergy plans for Apache?
Jim Cashman: Well, first of all, it’s a relatively small thing, so the blending doesn’t have the same impact of some of our previous ones. But the second thing is, first of all our holistic margins we still look at in that 48% to 49% range. And part of that is the blending of Apache, but part of is the for the last six or seven maybe eight quarters, we’ve been talking about coming out, since the economy was kind of breaking out of it permanent (inaudible) we are actually gearing back up to, you investing back for the next 10 years growth. So you see an element in that. Now comments on the Apache side though as part of the goals we have and really the thing that we’re seeing with every other acquisition that we’ve done and I mean you can actually go back and infer this from the all the financial charges, there will be steady improvement in the Apache margins and some this happens by effective utilization of the ANSYS channel. Sometimes it happens by blending of the infrastructural aspects, non-duplication of public company cost which might have been in their margin assumptions at the time that they were looking at that option and in general things like that. Now the other thing is that, well basically that’s the kind of the overall margin thing. I don’t want to, I’ll make sure that answers your question first and foremost.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Okay. And then the follow up would on the channel, you talked about the sales investment, but can you give us some metrics and some additional color around the channel initiatives, may be what are the total number of resellers that are doing business with you now, how that compare against maybe a year ago and where you are getting the biggest bang for your buck? Is this the top 20 or top 100 resellers?
Jim Cashman: It is basically the same. First of all it is the same number. Second of all I want to caution, may be I am being overly concerned about this, but it is not really what we call a reseller by the traditional model. You know again our channel is pretty unique and it tends to be people that have been build up with us over 20 or 30 years. So it is not surprising that they are still with us, but they tend to get 80 plus % of their business with ANSYS and the rest of it is just kind of like supporting kind of thing. That’s a typical model. I mean there may be one or two outliers on that. But the majority of their business is really driven by ANSYS kind of sources or else they have divisions that are devoted to it, if they were a larger company. And so the thing is, these kind of relationships and the technical expertise that it takes to support customers at the level we require and understand the breadth of our technology. These people don’t really grow on trees. So it’s not, it tends to be a very specific one. As such the number is very kind of commensurate with what we are doing and therefore when we talked about the channel growing at the same general rates as we have at ANSYS, it’s because they’ve also continued to invest the build scale within themselves.
Operator:  And the next question comes from Perry Huang from Goldman Sachs.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs:  I was hoping to ask a question about the performance in Japan. Could you provide a little more color on the nature of the impact from the Thailand flooding and possibly how you see the supply chain sort of returning to normal levels over the course of fiscal 2012. And also, how is this kind of being factored into fiscal 2012 guidance? Are you sort of expecting Japan revenues to be soft, just say may be in the first half of the year and then sort of bounce back once the supply chain issues the result?
Jim Cashman:
 :
Maria Shields: Absolutely, and Perry, you’ve seen, because of the strength of the yen, that’s played on some of our customer profit. So, I think as currency kind of settles out and as they really get some of the things that impacted them in early 2011 and in late 2011 behind them that the second half of the year will probably be more robust for Japan than the first half.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs: And also maybe if I could, a quick follow up. The tax rate change in Japan, it looks like it may have impacted fiscal tax guidance by about one percentage point. I think the upper end of the tax guidance range was raised from 32% to 33%. Just wanted to get a sense of the incremental impact to earnings guidance which looks like it might be about $0.01 to $ 0.02?
Maria Shields: Yes actually Perry, the tax rate change does not take effect until 2013. So Japan itself didn’t have a huge impact on 2012 guidance. I think part of what you are seeing in the rate creep compared to traditional is Apache which had a much higher effective tax rate than ANSYS said and we also recently there’s been some tax changes in the US that have reduced some of the benefits that we used to get out of our UK structure. So moving parts in and of course the R&D credit has never been reinstated. So there is lot of moving parts in different parts of the world that are going to unfortunately in the current environment negatively impact that tax rates.
Operator: Thank you and the next question comes from Dan Cummins from ThinkEquity.
Dan Cummins - ThinkEquity: Thanks I want to reference the prepared remarks, your paragraph about the automotive markets, very interesting. You got some strong language in there about shift and trends. It seems modest to say that it’s growing double digits. I wondered if you could give a little more color on the strength in that vertical and also you do discuss the Chinese market and the shift there just in relative terms and how does that effect ANSYS business model pricing, your dedication to building channel resources?
Jim Cashman: Well, I guess the first one is on the automotive one. I mean, again, the one thing I would like to highlight is we try to just kind of like cycle through some if you will slightly human interest stories on some interesting things going on in the industries. But the three that we talked and all the industries grew well, but the three we talked about were kind of like greater among equals and had some interesting byline stories with them. So you can kind of almost infer from that what the automotive and some of those other sectors were slightly above, we had pretty strong overall growth rates, maybe slightly above that in terms of automotive, energy and electronics and well actually aerospace I think was more this year. So now on the China one actually I may have lost the question, but the fact is what we’ve got there is we've got a renewed strengthened relationship with the channel partner there, but we've also continued to build our own direct presence and that's really being done collaboratively with the channel because we've got a good partner there, but we also see that as the size of business grows, the nature of the relationships we have require touch points at local areas for advance support for advanced services for different kind of communications there. So you’d see both of those continue to grow over time and they should grow at reasonably healthy levels. 
Dan Cummins - ThinkEquity: So we shouldn't expect any explicit pressure on operating margins as you position for more opportunity in China?
Jim Cashman: Nothing that isn’t already factored into our plan and of course we have that factored into our plan which is one of the investment areas that we've talked about. We have strengthened up some of those areas of higher international growth and we've most certainly since I have talked about barriers to adoption and technological hurdles even on some of the Q&A of this call, investing in that technical, that next generation of products. So it’s kind of like here they didn’t stop when they have the spinning hard drives, now you got solid state drives, you got all sorts of different things. So we need to keep jumping the curve there because the demands that our customers are having are just so great that you can’t sit back with today’s technology.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Steve Koenig from Longbow Research.
Steve Koenig - Longbow Research: Let me start with question for Maria or Jim on CapEx. Looks like you are expecting it to be up pretty sharply in fiscal 2012, looks like over about 50% or so, what’s behind that?
Maria Shields: Two things, one we’ve got some upgrades in our infrastructure relative to storage and computers and the other things as we’ve got some facilities consolidation plans for existing facilities where we’ve got duplicates in some countries or where we have outgrown the existing space. So 2012 I say has a disproportional amount set aside for some of the facilities upgrades that we need to do given the size of the business in certain countries.
Steve Koenig - Longbow Research: Okay great. And I got a follow up, just a clarification that infrastructure investments, is that are we talking employees workstations or are we talking hosting infrastructure for some of the private class or hosting initiatives you have?
Maria Shields: Yeah, most of it now is related the employees and also integration tying in, relative to how we do storing of source code and sharing bills across the globe. So we have got to tie in Apache to that. We still got some things where we’ve got to tie in some of the offices that haven’t been. It’s basically in every three or four year cycle. So that we can continue to solve the complex problems we are solving, we need to upgrade the hardware and the infrastructure.
Steve Koenig - Longbow Research: Okay, great. And then if I could count this as my second question probably for Jim here. Jim, can you talk a little bit in the near term, a little bit more about sales synergies potentially between Apache and Ansoft that you are starting to see or may realize this year. And then may be a little bit longer term, what’s your vision for where you are going in terms of stimulating electronics?
Jim Cashman: Well first and foremost if you look at the integration with Ansoft, I mean obviously it is in the long run, we want to where really all products will integrate with one another because even when you are talking about laying out chip design and things like that, the heat dissipation, vibration resistance, packaging concerns, all those things. So I mean the mechanical effects are also important, but you have to take these in digestible chunks and so obviously some of the key ones are making sure that as you are optimizing your power utilization, you are not sacrificing signal integrity, you are not sacrificing the functioning of things. So there have been things that in terms of the first steps or may be getting too minute here, but having SIwave to integrate with Sentinel for instance to actually link some of those things together. But long term, we want all those operating together because in general at the end of the day when you think in terms of doing a virtual prototype early on, sometimes even pre-design in some cases before you even get into a tad environment. You are looking at different concepts that you might look at. The balancing of electrical and electronic needs with the overall mechanical delivery and packaging and the like, they all have to play in to one another. They all affect manufacturing costs, they all ultimately affect reliability and meeting the functional specification. So, if you are looking at the whole product, you just can’t start to parse out a part of it, just to say we all only worry about the structural part, we all only worry about key management, or we all only worry about the circuit. We’ve already seen a number of examples where not attention to detail of the holistic impact of all those things working together actually can cause some major product hiccups. And so it really all has to work in a combination standpoint.
Steve Koenig - Longbow Research:  So, Jim, just lastly. It sounds like the synergy near term is more towards selling to those device makers or the product makers as opposed to semiconductor designers.
Jim Cashman: Well it actually can flow in both directions. And if you think about some reasons that it hadn’t been done was the connectivity and interoperability really hadn’t been there for people to even wrap their minds round utilizing. That’s one of the things that is pretty interesting in terms of having data integration between these products. You don’t even have to worry about translating data and writing files and slipping things around. So, yeah, I mean, just like there are concerns. If you look about chip manufacturers is maybe as you start to get to more 3D type of devices and system-on-chip type of things, these mechanical aspects become important.  At some point, the structural reliability of increasingly more delicate and thinner leads and connection points between them become more, but definitely the ability to package those things in a number of varieties across all industries, I mean electronics is becoming increasingly important in all forms of what used to be traditionally mechanical products and that parenthesis simply going to continue on. So it really moves in both directions but I think in many cases the near term it might bit more into the work loads of the larger product integrators.
Operator: And the next question comes from Mark Schappel from Benchmark Company.
Mark Schappel - Benchmark Company: Jim changing gears a little bit here; I was wondering if you can just give us an update on where you believe your customers are with respect to embracing simulation data management and in your case EKM. I mean the customers still kicking tires in this area with respect to these concepts and technologies or they more aggressive here?
Jim Cashman: Well, they are getting more aggressive but they are still kicking the tires. It’s one of those types of things, because the situation is, one of the things where a lot of time you don’t realize you have a problem until the usage picks up in large amounts and then all the clutter and the chaos can start to ensue so like when you first get your new laptop you are not worried about storage space and things like that, but the data kind of builds up and you kind of loose track of how you name things and you try to find stuff that becomes more of an issue. The other thing is that even when that happens when people become aware that they have problems, they are not always aware of what the solution is and it tends to be a combination of enabling technology like we’re providing. But it also provides if that thing – now how will they utilize that internally to solve their problems and that’s where links in with their organization and process and that becomes a long hole in the tent. So and I would say the other thing is that the more people have tried over earlier generation solutions, the more actually legacy could be, it could be a stumbling block in terms of being able to look at new things and when you see that throughout history in terms of industry. If you've got a Greenfield to build on, you could be a lot more flexible whereas if you try to bridge from something that you already had in place, sometimes that could be more constraining. So in general, it’s still relatively early when it does take hold, it takes hold very quickly, so accelerating, but still kicking the tires, it’s still a pretty good summary.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities:  Jim, I was wondering if you could give us your annual update on the revenue contribution and growth from both your top 10 customers and your top 100 customers?
Jim Cashman: Well, the first thing is that the percentages have stayed relatively good, we don't have, again, our top 10 are roughly about 10%, I still think we are under 30% you know we’ve typically been in that high 20% for the top 100 but that's probably about 30% now. And then that’s somewhat consistent with something we stated at Investor Day last year, might see a persistent trend going here that the more penetrated users academically, the more penetrated ones are also very underpenetrated. But they tend to outgrow the average a little bit, because they are starting to, they've got to the point where they can start to accelerate that. So you might see that's why there maybe a slight tweak-up in both of those. But nevertheless, we still don't have any single customer above the let’s say safely above the 5% I mean it’s actually lower than that. So those trends are still pretty much what we’ve been talking about actually the last couple of years.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: The second question is combined active commercial base and recurring revenue question. And the question is, with or without HPC effects, would it be fair to say that the average number of commercial licenses particularly the structural mechanical in CFD, but electrical could decide for the moment is generally increasing among the commercial customers and would it be also fair to say that the revenues per license or per user are increasing as well on the commercial side?
Jim Cashman: The answer to both those questions are, yes; so the net base is growing but actually if you, some of you I know you have Jay, but if we can talk about in terms of the number of usage is one growth avenue for us, but the density of usage and intensity of usage area also ones. So HPC, you know one plays into what percent people time, they actually utilizing, so it’s a very sporadic usage. The other one is how intensely are they using and that’s where HPC builds out. So, yet the user count has been and the base number of licenses are bit growing but on a much smaller denominator HPC continues to be a big grower for us also.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: If I that could perhaps just and so one more; could talk about competition you are seeing in the CFD market specifically?
Jim Cashman: Actually, there are a number of spot competitors; I would say maybe the most significant probably still tends to be legacy in-house programs, if anything its maybe slightly tapered off, but you know it’s still, like we still see individual competition in each of the individual segments of the business. So I mean it’s a pretty broad parameter. But if anything, there is always both legacy and some spot new competition kind of across the board and it’s really kind of spread out across all of it. It may be less than a little bit in certain areas, but nothing major of a sea change there. Maria, do you see anything different from here?
Maria Shields: No, the only thing I would say Jay and it’s something that we have been talking about is while in each of the individual physics pillars, no doubt there are people who are focusing on that and we compete, but when you are talking about enterprise deployment where they are looking for integrated solutions to solve complex systems problems, the realty is we’ve got the most physics available in a integrated, open and flexible platform and that’s what people are looking for.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  I don’t know if you have commented yet, but just wondered if you could talk about the average selling price trends that you may have seen in most recent quarter and for the year?
Jim Cashman: It’s been pretty steady. I am actually going to do a quick stand here, but it’s been, there is basically been, there is definitely not a downward trend, but I don’t think that was strong upward model. I would probably call pretty darn stable. The thing is, I just looking at some charge that I have and the one thing that, the thing is sometimes these things have to be seasonally adjusted because of some of the volume purchase kind of things that are contractual. But there wasn’t anything that standout, as you know we’ve been formally tracking them for almost a decade now.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  Right, right, which is a good sign that they’re steady. And you guys have done such a good job in selling the product and the R&D side and integrating the acquisitions you’ve made. The one concern that we would have is something I am sure you’ve shared and seen and it’s relative to the job environment. Just wondered if you could comment on the number of openings you may have and the difficulty you have in finding people and pay that you have to pay and so forth and so on?
Jim Cashman:  It’s paying; I think that’s a technical term. You know, first of all, there is two things on the job side. First of all, as I mentioned, increasing number of users out in the job market and people hiring there; that definitely creates an improvement for us but even when people have it, it’s interesting to see how people have been utilizing this software to amplify the engineering talent that they do have. So we’ll see that trend. Now, if we take it internally, because I think part of your question was also on that. Yeah, we have been hiring and I mean anybody that goes to our website can see that we have high double-digits of places we’re still looking. But the key thing is that some of these people were looking for are very unique kind of individuals. Those high-end engineering algorithm but also understand advanced comp side kind of issues, again blend those things together, which by the way, is why it’s really difficult for anybody else to build an ongoing quality theme of this nature. But nevertheless, we do that. The second thing is that, since we’re going for the best people out there, a lot of the best people are the ones that are most secured in their jobs and in particular, in this market, they tend to be some of the more resilient protected people. You had that fact that as we bemoaned for several years, the US in particular and Europe not a whole lot better, haven’t been graduating tons of new engineers and technical talent. That’s why we’ve been investing so heavily over the years in the academic program, and our co-op and intern programs and things like that to get access to it. But it is difficult to build that up, particularly if you are somewhat uncompromising in the type of talent that you’re bringing in. So yeah, that has been an issue. Now we definitely have had better prospects over the last year than we have in some of the prior years; but it still is a challenge.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: And I guess, on the reverse side, are you losing people to firms that would like to hire them to do their simulations?
Jim Cashman: Sometimes we do. And sometimes it’s actually done by mutual consent with the customer and our employees and sometimes they actually help us in that process. The general departures are not very high, but when they do, they usually go back and concentrate on the full time degree or actually getting into that customer environment. So yeah, that’s probably the number one issue, albeit on a pretty low base of number.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: And one last one for you; give you the chance to bring out any new customers you may want to highlight and what they may be doing in terms of solving problems with your software?
Jim Cashman: Well, the first thing I would want to say is that this is one of these things that an awful lot of stuff we just have embedded and we have the knowledge of what's going on. What I am not always current on is who has given out permission to talk about. Some customers, particularly the most innovative ones are the ones that are guard that with a strict secrecy. So we have to respect that and in the absence of certainty I have to err toward being more cautious on that. The only thing that I will give a general answer and when we do get some of those, we do try to put those out on press releases and highlight them on our website, so there is a section that will do that one of the more recent ones and we can’t talk about this.
Maria Shields: Well, maybe that we will cover next week.
Jim Cashman: Well, I know but all I can say is by next week we will be able to talk about specific example, but its one that's really, really cutting edge, its been in the news and it really gets into, it really underscores the concept of being able to use comprehensive multi physics, but it also is combining something of really getting it right before you even have the first prototype to work with, being able to work an awful lot of these particular issues and continue to drive it. So I would really like to be able to check on that, but we’ll be coming out with that and it would become public next week and it maybe public now, I just don't want to take that chance.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow-up question from Blair Abernethy with Stifel Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel Nicolaus:  Just wanted to ask you Jim, in your top customers, your top 100 customers, I just want to get some color on the adoption rate there which in the past year or so you've talked about that, you know picking up? And secondly what's happening there in terms of the trend towards shifting to paid-up licenses in order to clean-up some of the lease licenses?
Jim Cashman: Well, as you know can tell, as you can tell from the base the leases, they also grow with us and given the fact at least leases tend to accumulate overtime. The new leases don’t bump up the addition of the newer lease that would bump up the lease base as much with the license you know has an impact. So we continue to see, we continue to see growth in those particular areas. I think generally if there is a long term stand point there maybe a slight trend towards owning versus renting deal, particularly by the bigger companies once you get to a boarder proliferation. But that’s largely decisions made by their finance team, not by anything we’re doing. But as you see, as you can probably check the charts, the general lease base stays at that 30% amount actually bumps up a little bit when you add Apache into the mix, because they are largely almost exclusively time based licenses. But we see that thing continuing to go on and so that part doesn’t really tend to, it grows but we don’t see wholesale ships, nor we do try to really do it some one way or the other.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel Nicolaus: And in terms of adoption rates?
Jim Cashman: I am not sure, it’s a question for new customers or….
Blair Abernethy - Stifel Nicolaus: No, for your large existing customers that would take it back to a year investing in last year?
Jim Cashman: Apart from the lease issue?
Blair Abernethy - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah.
Jim Cashman: Okay. So no, like I think we said during Jay’s question that the large scale adoption tends to spread, it grows slightly in aggregate above the average. They are tend to guarantee pack and visually picture after they are kind of on that slightly more accelerating part of it albeit everybody’s in the first half of the curve. That trend has continued.
Operator: Thank you. And there are no more questions, so I would like to kind of turn back over to management for any closing remarks.
Jim Cashman: No more questions, okay. So I guess just closing, if you haven’t kind of picked it up or even in these questionable times, we are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for 2012. But again, there is going to be challenges but everybody is having though. The emphasis on 2012, it’s going to be the ongoing integration of the Apache business combined with a continued focus on basically differentiating and extending our technology. And then apart from that execution on the plan we have talked about, roll customer engagements. So again, I will give my usual shed out to the combination of basically the customers that have been with us for years, the partners that have been with us for year, our employee and you combine that with the vision, the business model and our technology base and that gives us a lot of tools to navigate through any kind of time width. So I thank you for joining us this morning and we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter and hopefully seeing a bunch of you next week in New York City. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect your phone lines. Thank you for participating and have a nice day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-03 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration James E. Cashman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Jason Rogers - Great Lakes Review Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Barbara Coffey - Brigantine Advisors LLC Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to ANSYS Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. With us today are Mr. Jim Cashman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Cashman.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Good morning, everybody. And again, thank you for joining us to discuss ANSYS' third quarter 2011 financial results. Okay. So consistent with our 2011 protocol, all of the general information and key topics relative to the third quarter and the year-to-date business results, as well as our future outlook are included in the earnings release and in the prepared remarks that we posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. But before we get started, I will introduce Maria Shields, our CFO, and I'll ask her to go through our typical Safe Harbor Statement.  So Maria?
Maria T. Shields: Okay. Good morning. Thanks, Jim. I'd like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance, as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the world and our business as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum.  Consistent with our standard practice during the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K. So Jim, I'll turn it over to you for some opening commentary before we jump to Q&A.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Thanks, Maria. Okay let's see, well before the Q&A, I'd basically like to briefly underscore a few important points about our Q3 results and our Q4 2011 outlook. And I guess I'll just begin by saying that Q3 was another very strong quarter for ANSYS in virtually every respect. Our revenue growth was 27%. Our organic growth was 20%. Our total license growth was 32%. This put us in the upper end of guidance for revenue and exceeded it for earnings, and all of this while experiencing slightly less favorable currency than we had guided last quarter.  And then finally, we maintained all of the historical strength of ANSYS over a multiyear period with double-digit growth within our 3 major geographic regions, double-digit growth in each of our major product units and in most categories of revenue -- I'm sorry, basically in all of the categories of revenue we have like license and maintenance major categories. So this in turn yielded strong margins, cash flow and earnings as typical. Let's see, our industry composition was also strong as we maintained our diversity while leveraging our continuing strengths in various sectors including energy, electronics, automotive and industrials. We added new customers to our global base and we continue to see good growth in our major accounts where we're in virtually all of the top 100 industrial companies in the world.  And I think most importantly, this was accomplished while we maintained the core tenets of our long-term vision. It was supported by an environment where our customers basically simply can't afford to compromise on depth, breadth or quality of the simulation tools that they use to solve their increasingly complex design challenges.  The result of this is that we've increased our outlook on revenue and EPS for Q4 in fiscal year 2011 as discussed in our earnings release. I will highlight that our Q4 outlook does factor in some volume of year end spending, but not anything like we've seen in the past very healthy Q4. In the recent climate, there's been a greater variability in the end game of our customers' year-end spending patterns and it appears that the uncertainty in today's world basically fosters a more patient, in a way, if you will wait-and-see attitude. And since we're not seeing it yet, we don't want to predict with certainty that it will come. And if it does come, then we'll all be pleasantly surprised. But again, the net impact is an increase in Q4 and 2011 full year guidance.  Now with respect to our initial outlook for 2012, we have factored in a positive customer sentiment, the release of ANSYS 14, strong pipelines and increased sales capacity again somewhat tempered by economic uncertainty. And this translates to our initial outlook of $818 million to $840 million in non-GAAP revenue and $2.80 to $2.90 in non-GAAP EPS. More details around currency rate and other key assumptions are contained in the prepared remarks that we posted on our Investor Relations home page earlier this morning.  So with that, I think we'll just open up the phone lines and take any specific questions that you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess I was just going to ask with respect to the 2012 outlook, a lot of people are concerned about Europe. What kind of expectations or what are you assuming about how Europe looks next year?
James E. Cashman: Well it's basically -- first of all, yes, it has been a relatively tough time. But again we've also grown in -- basically our core growth was strong in Europe whether you count it organically, constant currency combined or anything like that. We've got a strong organization there. We have good major customers that are basically trying to serve global markets themselves and have a lot of that debt market outside of their own domestic GDPs. Nevertheless, all the sovereign issues do tend to cause people a little bit of pause, and it does cause some choppiness that we see every day. But basically strong organization with strong customers, the majors are continuing to do pretty well. We expect that Europe will be a little bit tougher than in was in some of the heyday years and things like that. And there'll be some things that we'll have to honor with regard to currency. But in terms of customer progression and expansion and things like that, it looks continuingly solid. The other thing we hope to do actually is basically over time it will take some time to do this, but to build up Apache which is not quite as strong as a few key really strong customers in Europe, but want to broaden that through the overall channel. And as we've seen with other products, this does take a little bit of time. But it's also undeniable that the opportunity is there and that it does start to happen. So yes, it is one of those touchier environments but every year we've been doing this, there's been some part of the world that's been relatively down and just that we've got the ability to focus in other parts of the world with pretty much 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 spread amongst the major geographic regions.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And then quickly, Maria, I don't know if you're willing to comment on how we should think about Apache revenue in 2012.
Maria T. Shields: Yes. 2012 for Apache, I would say initially in the $60 million range would be a nice, safe step.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Davis of Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: So when you kind of think about ways to improve the way simulation, the results come out for the customers. There's kind of 2 metrics, right? Or 2 vectors. You can either pump a bunch of CPUs at it, but you can also use kind of alternative or newer algorithms or stuff like that. So there's half a dozen firms out there that have taken kind of using new algorithms or new approaches and things like that. How do you think about that? I mean could you have some algorithms and some et cetera, but is that something that we should think about as a competitive issue? Or how do you think about those vectors of kind of tweaking the models in effect...
James E. Cashman: Well I think first, I'm sorry. That's all?
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: No, that's it.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well first of all, we're always looking at -- there's 3 different levels of this thing. First of all the tried and true pure physics algorithms upon which these things are based. Those are the ones that are solid and generic. And for the most part customers, when they get into simulation and base things around it, they want to have absolute certainty that these arcane algorithms are basically bulletproof and consistent. Now with that though, however, the next step of that is everybody's always looking for computing efficiency. And HPC is one part of that but also things that we do from a comp side standpoint is part of the basic knitting every year, adding on new efficiency capabilities to take advantage of these really kind of compute hungry applications is a key part. Now the third part is there are new algorithms and new capabilities that come around. But it's not like a new branch of physics is being created just to plant everything on there. And I'd say that in general these new algorithms, they do provide -- they can provide a way to augment an already strong product. The big issue I've seen there is -- and this is -- you've seen there's history dotting this over the last 20 years or so. A series of these things come out and they might tend to be very good for -- I don't want to call them gimmicks, but they do have certain areas where they're not generically applied, but they can solve certain classes of problems very efficiently. And those are ones that we also try to incorporate in. But those are always going to come in. We keep an eye on them but it's not like it totally changes the entire landscape of stimulation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Jim, earlier this year -- Jim earlier to your Analyst Meeting this year, you noted that in 2010, your top 10 accounts grew by 18% in revenue and your top 100 were up 25%. And it was last year of course. Could you comment on how you're doing with both those categories of customer this year and perhaps what you've assumed in your 2012 assumptions with respect to the top 10 and top 100 customers? And then a follow-up.
James E. Cashman: Well first of all, we do the final tally of that usually when the whole year has ended. It's tough to take individual time slices, so you want to have -- you basically want to have a full year data. However, we do take a lot of spot checks on that. And in general, there's 2 trends: One of which is we're still seeing that the top 20 majors are spending that tweak above a little bit further up the S-curve of adoption, if you will. We have started to see a couple of other companies start to move in a little bit. And then on top of that, some of those have actually been a little bit accelerated by some early interest with the Apache combination because this is a convergence of electronics and mechanical. For 2012, it's not like we take a -- our planning, it's not like we take that top 20 and then we assume a different growth rate for that. A lot of it is pretty much based on pipeline on the advanced planning we have with the management review board that we have with our customers, really size, the demand. Some of these are part of multiyear plans. So it does take -- this is not an overnight phenomenon. It does take time to roll off. But we do not see -- but the basic trend of a feedback loop is that we are not seeing a slowdown of those uppers. Now the other thing that we also see is that one good measurement is that if you look at the top -- all the top quarters we had, it was pretty close to a -- there was still a very strong recurring base, but about 30% of that intake from those top customers were also complete new business coming in. That's one other kind of workout anality check that we do mid-term.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Follow-up along the same lines. Last year you had about a 1/3 increase in your active commercial maintenance paying base according to the data that you shared earlier this year. And I'm wondering if you have some expectation for the degree of increase in your base this year relative to last year and how that might reflect itself in growth of maintenance revenue.
Maria T. Shields: Well Jay, kind of following on to Jim's earlier point, we kind of look at everything on an annual basis, especially since Q4 is a large renewal quarter for many of our large customers. So once we've got the full year data for 2011 we'll be happy to share that with you. But I would say if you look at the prepared remarks, our renewal rates on maintenance are extremely strong. They're in the mid-90s. And with the amount of new license growth that you see happening not only in Q3 but throughout the year, that will mean that you'll see probably mid-teens growth in maintenance going into 2012.
James E. Cashman: Yes. And I guess another -- I agree with Maria's comments. Another point was when we're talking about -- keep in mind, when we're talking about the denominator, numerator aspects, even at the beginning of this year, we were still getting some of the effects of when the real dip in the economy in 2009 came in. We had talked about the fact that there are maybe a couple of drop -- a couple of point drop in that thing and there was a little bit of an artificial boost from the recovery of that. But we've gotten back to the traditional levels and it just continues to be strong. But again I'd echo Maria's comments on that, too.
Operator: The next question comes from Blair Abernethy of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions here. Just could you expand a little more? Jim, you commented on interest from ANSYS customers in what Apache has brought to you. But I guess what I'm looking for is, are you talking more about the traditional Ansoft base or maybe just expand upon...
James E. Cashman: Okay, yes. Well first of all, the interest actually has proven to be a mutual direction. Obviously the strongest impacts have come from the ones where there were overlapping customer nameplates albeit in different buying centers. So that's where the primary one comes in. Now with that in mind, I mean there's been affinity between all ANSYS products and Apache software. But there's a disproportionate one as you might guess from the people that have already been linked in through the other more, if you will, more electronic-centric products that typically was served traditionally either by Ansoft or even by our own electromagnetic multi-physics products. So it's universal, but it's a magnet. It's basically a matter of degree. And it also is -- it tends to be more focused first with the places where there's already a strength. Keep in mind, most of the Apache customers were already ANSYS customers. The converse, however, was not true. And we've already had some pretty interesting meetings even in this first couple of months coming out of that. So does that kind of cover the...
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's helpful. And my second question is just around verticals. There was -- you gave a little bit of color on the automotive sector in your prepared remarks. I want you to expand on that. And then I guess the other last pieces on the verticals to the extent that you can -- your defense-related or government-funded R&D related business, can you just sort of -- given the environment we are heading into over the next couple of years, just sort of how much exposure you got there?
James E. Cashman: Well keep in mind that's why I mean you could treat it either way, but we don't have a ton of exposure basically to any one customer, to any one industry, to one sector like that. If anything, and you look at maybe some of the procurement rates are down. I'd say the traditional defense thing, if anything they maybe are going into more R&D mode to figure out how to be more efficient, particularly in light of if defense spending cuts have gone, it tends to a lot of times hit existing programs. But there's a whole new realm of the aerospace and defense field that comes which gets into surveillance, electronic measures, unmanned surveillance type of aspects. And those have been ones that have been under because those are -- particularly ones where new devices still need reliability, they need to be power efficient, low radar signature type of devices. And that's brought on. So if anything, it's more of a shifting sand, albeit there's been maybe a slight slowness in that overall sector.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the automotive side, obviously that's been strong the last couple of years. How's that looking for you over the next?
James E. Cashman: Well it just continues to be strong. And now not surprisingly, you see major automotive -- major supplier networks are also getting into the game. So we actually -- you've seen that in some of our recent press releases in terms of new systems out there and new relationships we have with some of the named customers. But you look at it as the regulatory environment is continuing to be tough, the mileage requirements are continuing to be more stringent, so the pressures on there are not lessening up at this particular time. And on top of it, the overall drive for efficiency and basically the changing of the automobile platform is just continuing to create a lot of opportunities. Because as opposed to maintaining 30-year-old kind of processes, if you will, they're moving into a new realm of processes and that's quite frankly right in our sweet spot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Kudos for breaking out the Apache contribution. Too many companies actually making acquisitions kind of tuck things away. So it's great to be able to track it. I'm just kind of curious how you felt the revenue contribution and the $60 million initial outlook for 2012. How does that match up with what you originally thought? And maybe any more color on the integration?
James E. Cashman: Well basically it is in line, first of all. Second of all, I think if you look back, we've always broken out that information and we've always talked about organic and tried to separate that out just so people can get a look at that business. But no, it's pretty much in line with the pre-acquisition and the immediate standpoint. So we're actually pretty happy with that. With regard to the integration aspect, basically obviously we were able to put out combined financials right in order. So there weren't too many problems there rolling onto complete systems. We've already had -- we've already got plans and many things in place for the infrastructure. You look at the forecasting is being done combined -- the one thing we're also doing is first of all, do no harm in the customer relationships, so we can continue to move that. But we've actually involved Apache in this series of user group meetings, some of which I've just gotten back from personally. And the response has been exceptionally positive. Apache, the sub it also called their major customers to do kind of a temperature check and that came back extremely positive also. So it's one of those things where we're doing it very stepwise and methodical like we have before. We're not going to break either good company, but we've already started to be able to see some of the crossover benefits of that, and that's what we just want to continue to lever.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And the follow-up question is on the expanded sales capacity that you mentioned in your prepared remarks, can you give us a sense how much of that went to direct, how much went to indirect? And is there any metrics that you're willing to share on headcount or other investment?
James E. Cashman: Well the key thing -- I can let Maria prepare for the investment comment. But the bottom line is when we talked about the expanded sales capability, what we were talking about specifically was the direct impact. However our channel business, as you can see, has been continuing to do well along with us. And they've done expansion there. I just don't know off the top of my head specific meaningful numbers that I can give you for that. But since they've been able to progress at a very similar rate, I know that they have been expanding on that line also.
Maria T. Shields: Yes. And relative to metrics, I'll say okay, as we head out of Q3, we're sitting roughly from a direct perspective globally about 240. And on the low end, I wouldn't imagine it'd be anything less than 10% increase going into next year. And then as we see things progressing, continuing to add to that throughout the course of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Koenig of Longbow Research.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: I'm wondering if you can give us some commentary on the large deals. You had a good number this quarter. What drove the higher number there year-on-year? How big were the biggest ones? What kinds of deals were they? Any renewals in there? And where they partly the result of your initiative to better penetrate your customer accounts? Is that helping as well?
James E. Cashman: Well we're always -- it's all of the above, and we're always trying to increase our penetration in our key customer accounts. But I think there are about 14 mid-teens, 14 or so of the 7-figure orders. And like I said before, if you look at the split, it's about 70% was just continuing to build on maintenance space and maybe 29%, 30% was on the new revenue standpoint.
Maria T. Shields: Yes from a span of 5, Steve, just to give you on the low end as we said 7 figures, so starting at $1 million on the high end, going up to $4 million.
James E. Cashman: Yes, that's right. She's absolutely right.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Great. And then I guess for the follow-up, just maybe a question here on Apache seasonality. I believe there are leases, there are mostly leases that are ratable. Is...
James E. Cashman: They are all lease.
Maria T. Shields: Yes.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Yes. Okay. And is Q1 -- looks like Japan is recovering which may help them. Is Q1, do you expect that to be -- is that typically seasonally kind of up for them? How's that seasonality?
James E. Cashman: No. In fact, there was a pretty good impact of Apache orders that closed in our Q3 when you look at the timing of those cycles. So the bottom line is that when you look at that, there is -- when you're dealing with that continued growth on the lease space business, there'll be additions throughout the year but it's not like there's going to be any one big spike where everything comes in. So if you look at the backlog, it's quite strong. If you look at the overall deferred revenue and then -- the overall deferred revenue was also growing, what you'd expect with all of this in mind. So I think it's more along that time based license model where you see instead of big spikes, you just see a much smoother, continuing wave that deals. And then quite frankly not unlike our own lease business, even though there's -- we don't sell that exclusively, you can see that it continues to be a strong part of the aggregate business. You see that it also grew in double digits for the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan of Jefferies. :p id="38763240" name="Ross MacMillan" /> Maria, just curious as to your guidance on gross margins next year. You're guiding for them to fall slightly. Doesn't sound like it had to do with the Apache because the gross margin for...
Maria T. Shields: It's the full year of Apache and planned hiring, not only for new heads that we entered in 2012 but as you saw in the prepared remarks, not unlike what many other people are saying, we've got a challenge in filling open positions right now. So the combination of those 2 -- we've talked a long time about continuing to invest in the business because we believe the opportunity for future growth is real and we don't want to shortchange ourselves just to drive margins.
James E. Cashman: Well there's also one other, absolutely right, but there's one other aspect, Ross, in it. I mean it's just kind of a smallish one, but if you recall over the last few quarters, we talked about the fact of we wanted to ramp up a certain part of our service business because helping to bridge people with the process changes and revamping the way they utilize simulation in their accounts, it takes -- it can takes -- it can be greatly facilitated, let's say, by some handholding. So if you look at some of the results, you'd actually see that our overall pure services business, not the software maintenance and enhancements subscription thing, but the pure service business, while it's still a small percent of the business, it tweaked up and it grew quite nicely. And those businesses, while we're doing more of the higher margin services, they're not the same margins as some of the other things. So you'll see a slight thing from there. But the net impact is going to be overall positive.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That helps. And maybe just one follow-up. You've obviously talked about this under-hiring. It's hard to find the right skill set for certain roles. Is there any way you could give us a sense for core ANSYS kind of what that delta has been this year relative to your initial plan on headcount?
James E. Cashman: Well one thing you can go to the ANSYS.com website and you can look at the positions that we're looking at there. But it's somewhere in that 70, 80, 90 range.
Maria T. Shields: Of open positions.
James E. Cashman: Of open positions, I'm sorry. Yes.
Maria T. Shields: And then, Ross, just to further that. Of that, the majority of them are technical. So they are technical AES, they are technical service people, they are high-end computer science and engineering and it's just been really difficult in this environment to find people to fill those slots.
James E. Cashman: At least the quality we need.
Maria T. Shields: Yes, absolutely.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And that make sense. So I just want to be clear though, the hiring for AES, has that been a little -- put it this way, you said you mentioned earlier, Maria, the 10% number for next year as a base line.
Maria T. Shields: That's sales.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: In sales, yes. So I'm just curious as to whether you've been able to grow like at that rate this year or have you grown under that. I'm trying to get a sense for whether that's a better growth rate implied next year or in line?
Maria T. Shields: With sales, it's been slightly under.
James E. Cashman: For support -- for the AES and support maybe a tweak over because we had a concerted aspect that, that was going to also help to fund some of our customer engagement and services business. So maybe a tweak over on that particular aspect.
Operator: The next question comes from Dan Cummins of ThinkEquity.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Jim, I wanted to ask about the recovery in the growth rate in the U.S. business, if there was any particular things you could point to on that. And I'm always interested to hear your opinions on -- regarding the retirement growth rates of senior engineers in the U.S. and how your customers are making that adjustment. And if you could also just talk about what the key integrations that you're achieving and putting out there with ANSYS 14, particularly related to the recent acquisitions of the past couple of years.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well with regard to North America, obviously we've been able to do quite well with our majors. But we've added quite a few new logo type of accounts. And I think also you're seeing, again if you're winding the clock back a little bit, a couple of years ago, 1.5 years ago we were talking about doing some structural enhancements in North America to help facilitate. We thought that we could do better there. And I think some of those are starting to take hold. I mean there's nothing to take hold in 3 to 6 months. But over a year or so, you can have those come in. With regard to basically the enhancements, I mean basically there's a -- first of all, the ability to take care of -- I mean basically the ability to deal with some of the customization aspects of Workbench, basically starting to launch that, that allows customers to basically take it and build preferences and some of their own workflows around is a particular key. Apart from that, each of the individual physics, as I mentioned, each of the major product lines also grew in that double-digit mid-teens and above kind of aspect. So each of those, I mean they continue to -- we're not holding pat on any of those kind of capabilities. So I mean you just see a series of releases across there. I'm trying to think what else. Is anything else from...
Maria T. Shields: From -- retiring engineers. Yes. Dan, relative to that I would say you see it every day relative to seasoned engineers are retiring, and it's hard to replace them. So that actually helps us because it produces some opportunities in that it shows our customers the need to capture that knowledge. So leveraging sales of EKM, if you will, and getting them to understand that capturing that and making it reusable is really important for their future. And it also increases the need for them to use simulation because they've got to amplify the engineering talent that they've got left. So those are -- it's kind of a dynamic that actually helps us in the long run.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: I'm glad you mentioned EKM. Is that something you guys are pressing ahead with as an area to monetize?
James E. Cashman: Oh yes, there's lot of aspects of it, some of which are embedded in the software itself. The key to that but it's -- and again, and it's not -- again, this is not a product data management or PLM type of offering. This is just something that takes into account automatically captures the kind of simulation knowledge that's very unique, rapidly changing type of aspect that makes it available. I think one of the interesting ones that I don't think that we match -- our first plan of how to get benefit from this is the standpoint we're seeing an awful lot of situations where simulation data is now being used out in the customers' field organizations. But it's places where they wouldn't normally have people doing simulations. So it's the ability to extract the right amount of information and allow them the ability to interrogate the results of that thing, sometimes for maintenance, sometimes for operating parameter adjustment and things like that. Anything from aircraft maintenance to offshore oil platforms and things like that where people are available and it's really difficult to get them there in time. So yes, it's definitely one of those things that's growing up. And I think that another point of this is that with more people doing bigger simulations, you're just cranking out a ton more data. And if you didn't have a way of really keeping track of it and keeping track of it on the fly without having to go through a bunch of predefinitions of what you think is going to be useful and what isn't, those type of things are pretty valuable because once you get swamped under this tsunami of data, it's pretty tough to pick through it all and find the relevant points or have it delivered to you in time to make meaningful results and reactions to problems.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Rogers of Great Lakes Review.
Jason Rogers - Great Lakes Review: Looking at the whole area of cloud computing, given your recent partnership with IBM, I'm just wondering if you can provide an update of the opportunities there, whether you're seeing an acceleration of opportunities or just the gradual type of ramp up.
James E. Cashman: Well again keep in mind we've talked about this, the technology aspect. I mean if you were here right now I could get you on some portable device, and I could link to the cloud right now and run that. I mean we'd show that right now. We've had Software-as-a-Service, and hosted offerings for, I think 11 to 12 years running now. The big issue of course is you have to take care of massive amounts of bandwidth, a lot of latency linking between the multiple computers that are harnessed together because you're doing the solution total, and there are IP concerns. And what that translates to is we've already done the restructuring of the algorithms that allow us to run efficiently on hundreds and thousands of processors. But essentially what happens is we find that most people are using that paradigm, most of them are the major customers that are using it to basically, in what we would be called a private cloud, where they don't worry about the IP thing, where they can control the latency, where they can manage the bandwidth kind of issue. And they're getting a lot of power out of it. Now those same capabilities exist -- can exist in the public cloud. But it's really just from an economic standpoint and from a certainty kind of standpoint. It's really the more mature customers that are going into that higher end aspect. So we're just seeing the private thing. But basically the software is there, we've been providing this for ages before, in some cases, before it was even called the cloud. And just basically if you were here, we can basically show it on a mobile device right now. I mean -- but again there's a lot of maturation both in the technology of what the cloud is becoming, the enabling technology and also the customer maturity. But basically we've got the pieces in place now. And some people are using it. But don't see this as being a huge ramp up thing over the next year or 2.
Jason Rogers - Great Lakes Review: Okay. That's helpful. And as a follow-up, I was wondering about the flooding in Thailand, if you're seeing any disruptions as far as orders go from your electronic customer base.
James E. Cashman: Not -- actually, no. But the thing is Southeast Asia is a major market for us. But all the -- some of the majors areas, China, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, those areas -- those are ones where it really hasn't -- I guess I really haven't even seen an issue.
Operator: The next question comes from Barbara Coffey of Brigantine.
Barbara Coffey - Brigantine Advisors LLC: As you're taking a look at companies and their buying patterns, it was great to see an uptick in licenses. It's usually declined during sort of a recessionary period. Can you kind of give some color as to sort of buying cycles, how things have changed, what your salespeople are seeing?
James E. Cashman: Probably they -- we mentioned about back loading. After 2009 when things kind of came out permafrost and we went to the end '09 and 2010, we talked about a very noted protraction, extra signatory levels, longer time, more judicious things like that. And then I think we comment through the early part of this year that we haven't seen those adding back toward the traditional pattern. So what we're left with is we are still seeing the normal kind of patterns that may be judiciousness over the last few quarters. I think may be one thing though is that now it's time to hit a little bit of a steady-state standpoint. So what it means is there's less fits and starts in the middle of things. But everything is a little bit -- continues to be sober, if you will.
Barbara Coffey - Brigantine Advisors LLC: And does that seem to apply to just large deals, or is it deals throughout the food chain?
James E. Cashman: All deals. All deals. In some cases the larger deals might naturally go a little bit easier because they are known customers that are continuing to grow with us. But even with the large customers we'll hear we’re – well, we had to slow up our procurement somewhere because we couldn't get enough engineers in certain geographic locales. So there's all sorts of little microcosms in here that affect the store. But it's basically affecting all boats.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Schappel of Benchmark Company.
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Jim, just one question. There's been some fear among some investors that customers may be flushing out their year-end budgets a little early this year, mainly because they fear that they may get cut off later this year if the economy stalls. Is it fair to say from your earlier remarks and from your guidance that you just don't believe that's the case?
James E. Cashman: Well we haven't seen it. Yes. And even if people were flushing things earlier, it normally wouldn't be -- Q3 is a heavily concentrated month for September because of vacation schedules and all sort of things like that. So it tends to be the clippiest quarter of the bunch. So in other words, we wouldn't see in Q3, even if that phenomenon was existing. But I think we try to spill in our comments is that there's not even certainty that -- there may be some companies who are doing it, there are other companies who are saying we're not even certain we're going to be able to do year end -- the typical year-end buys, you use it or lose it type of things that we traditionally do. So again what we went back to in our guidance was -- and maybe somewhat conservatively but I'd say sanely was to look at the detailed forecast that we had and the customer sentiments we had and yes, there could be some surprises. But I guess I'd have to say that the possibility of an upside surprise is greater than one of the downside at this point in time. So the bottom line is we just really don't know. And in reality, most people don't know that there's a certain baseline that you say we kind of know statistically it's happened. But in 2009 or 2008, things got held up. 2009, we weren't expecting much. And as you might remember, it came in pretty strong. 2010 was quite dynamic for us. And those things could happen again. But again we're guiding on what we actually could see and because when you get down to additionally -- it's only a few weeks away from the end, so you should have some idea.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We do have a follow-up question from Blair Abernethy of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And just wanted to follow up on the EKM side of the business, Jim. Could you maybe characterize that now as to sort of what stage of adoption you're at? Are you still fairly exterior [ph] or you've...
James E. Cashman: It's missionary and it's very nascent. Believe it or not, there's some -- I mean there are even some customers they get confused because it deals with data, therefore it must be a data management system, therefore it must compete with a PDM or a PLM system. And that really isn't the case. However, there's an awful lot of clutter and chaff out there. This is very much a nascent environment. It's been created or caused by the amounts of data that we're creating, but it's also been facilitated by the Workbench overall framework that basically allows a lot of this stuff to happen seamlessly and at the data model level through -- basically through data integration. So even a hosted application in Workbench can participate in this. So it's just really how the people wrap their minds around this. There's pretty good schools of thought of how you manage -- the more structured the data is, the more easy it is to wrap your mind around it. The less structured it is, there's all sorts of different things that people can do to manage that. But it becomes more and more difficult and obviously by being in the simulation business so long, we have the ideas and knowledge of the range of data, the parameterization of that data, the ability to actually link that to a broad range of simulations and parts of the development process. And so really it's one of those things where it's been kind of a push/pull, where customers are starting to pull on it. But we've actually gotten it's a -- but I'd say it's just at really the prenatal stage.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Jim Cashman.
James E. Cashman: All right. Don't feel like I ever left. Okay well so anyway, in close, really not much has changed from what we committed to on the last earnings call. The emphasis for the remainder of 2011 will be integration of the Apache business combined with a continued focus on execution, growth and customer development. And as we've seen across the globe from the past several months, I mentioned our involvement with our range of user group meetings as the customer receptivity, the long-term vision remains strong, probably even stronger and with the addition of Apache and the upcoming release of ANSYS 14, it just really continues to strengthen.  So basically in closing, the things that continue to propel us, the strong combination of that long-term vision, I think a very resilient and solid business model. Those loyal customers, we talked about how they continue to grow with us and disproportionately we got obviously a number of good partners out there. We talked about our channel and some of our other business partners, great technology. And of course the growing base of what I think are very exceptional employees. And I hope we can add to that with sufficient quantity and quality as we talked out from the hiring patterns.  So basically thank you for joining us this morning, and we'll catch you sometime at the end of Q4.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a great rest of the day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-04 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James Cashman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Unknown Executive -  Maria Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration Andrew Yang - Co-Founder, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company Saket Kalia - JP Morgan Chase & Co Gregory Halter - Great Lake Review Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Barbara Coffey - Brigantine Advisors LLC Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to our second quarter 2011 conference call. With us today are Mr. Jim Cashman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Shields, Chief Financial Officer of ANSYS; and also Dr. Andrew Yang, Co-Founder and President of Apache Design Solutions. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jim Cashman.
James Cashman: Okay. Good morning, and again thanks to everybody for joining us to discuss our 2011 second quarter financial results. So again consistent with our previous Q1 protocol, the general information and key topics relative to Q2's business results are included in the earnings release and in the prepared remarks that we posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning.  Also as you heard in the operator's introduction, we have a special guest joining us this morning. And I'd like to welcome Dr. Andrew Yang, the Cofounder and President of Apache. And the newest number who joined the ANSYS executive management team, and he'll be joining us for the call. So before we get started, I'm going to introduce Maria Shields, our CFO, and for our Safe Harbor statement. Maria?
Maria Shields: Okay. Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to remind you that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance, as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the world and our business as of today. And we undertake no obligation to update any such information, unless we do so in a public forum.  Consistent with our standard practice, during the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP measures are included in this morning's earnings release, the related prepared remarks in the Form 8-K.  So Jim, I'll turn it back over to you for some opening commentary.
James Cashman: Okay. Thanks, Maria. So again before we open up the call for Q&A, I'd like to briefly highlight a few points about our future results and the updated 2011 outlook.  So let me begin by saying that Q2 was a strong quarter and ended better than we originally expected and with the added milestone of the Apache announcement that we made on the last day of the quarter. We continue to see momentum that's been building over the past several quarters. And as a result, we exceeded the upper end of guidance for revenue, which drove operating leverage and earnings beyond what we had guided.  Overall, we maintained all of the historical strength of ANSYS over a multiyear period with double-digit growth in both software license and maintenance revenue, including reaching a new all-time high deferred balance, and this, in turn, yielded strong margins and cash flows. And consistent with last quarter, our industry composition remains diverse. We're continuing success in areas such as energy, automotive, aerospace and electronics.  Most importantly, this was accomplished while we maintain the core tenets of our long-term vision, including the recent addition of Apache to our portfolio. Many of you may recall that when we met in early March at our Investor Day in New York City, we laid out some of the key themes of our long-term strategy, including opportunities that lay ahead of us for the future of Simulation Driven Product Development. This acquisition is yet another step forward that enabled us to respond to our customers' new reality, a business environment where they simply can't afford to compromise on depth, breadth or quality of the simulation tools that they use to solve their increasingly complex design challenges. It also uniquely positioned us to provide end-to-end simulation solutions for the explosive market around mobile devices and computing power. The obvious result of all this has been we updated our outlook on revenue and EPS for Q3 in 2011 as discussed in our earnings release. So I'd like to maybe provide some qualitative context around the guidance we provided for Q3 and the remainder of 2011. First, we are raising the core organic outlook for the year. Second, we've added in, of course, the over performance in the core business in Q2. Third, we've added the impact of Apache for Q3 in the fiscal year 2011. And then lastly, we've updated our currency rates in line with the current rate environment. However, we will be able to [indiscernible] to continue to counter balance or offset with some caution around macro environment. Also as Japan, our second largest market in the world, continues to work its way through the catastrophic events of Q1. Not unlike what others are seeing in their Japanese business, the uncertainty, at least in the next several quarters around the predictability and timing of deal closings, is a reality that we have to be cognizant of and we'd build into our guidance.  The final point I want to briefly highlight is around our strong cash flows from operations in Q2 and the first half and our thoughts around the future uses of cash, consistent with what we've been saying for the past several calls and what we highlighted at our Investor Day, in fact. First, we plan to continue to invest in our business for the long term. Nothing's changed on that front. And then secondly, as the Apache acquisition demonstrates, we have been and will continue to step up our activities around strategic M&A that allows us to accelerate our vision and extend and elevate our customer engagements.  So with that, actually, I'd like take advantage of Andrew being here and maybe just turn it over to him for a few comments he might have on the transaction before we open up the phone lines to take your questions. So Andrew, is there anything you'd like to say?
Andrew Yang: Yes, Jim. Thank you, Jim. I'd like to add a few personal comment about this acquisition and what it means to me and all of the Apache stakeholders. First, I would like to say this is really an exciting day for all of Apache's employees, customers and particularly me being here with the team. We were able to realize this merger in such a short time because it just makes sense. And Apache, over the years, has established itself as undisputedly the market and technology leader in IC power analysis for mobile and high-performance Computing markets.  By joining ANSYS, Apache now accelerates its long-term vision of expansion from chip-level focus to system-centric convergence to meet customers' aggressive power efficiency time-to-market and cost-down initiatives. So as this engineering simulation software space continues its evolution, it is more than ever important and critical to have the size, scope and scale that will enable us, as a combined company, to continue to invest in innovation that ultimately result in very real and measurable benefit to our customers.  Now finally, both ANSYS and Apache have longstanding reputations for being technology leaders providing best-in-class and highly differentiated product. So I'm confident that we can continue to drive operational performance, furthering customer and employee satisfaction while also focusing on long-term value creation for our stockholders. So I look forward to working with Jim and the ANSYS team to take full advantage of the many opportunities that we have ahead of us. Thank you, Jim.
James Cashman: Well, thank you, Andrew, and I echo those sentiments. So operator, I think we're now prepared to begin with the Q&A, if there are any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded, and we ask that you please limit yourself to one 1-part question with a quick follow-up. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Dan Cummins of ThinkEquity.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: I'll just go with this one. Jim, could you give us a comment about the U.S. business? It looks like it -- I'm sorry, North America, just a pretty good-sized deceleration at constant currency. And we didn't see you cite in the prepared remarks electronics as among the growth leaders as it has been in recent quarters.
James Cashman: Okay, well, again what I did highlight was the back of the industry to me was continuing to be quite strong. So I did highlight the ones that were maybe like the leading ones. Again energy, energy conservation, that type of thing. But electronics sector was strong. Our traditional electronics business, likewise, grew disproportionately. It was actually one of the top performers from a product set. Again when we talk about industries, there is electronics industry. But there is electronics, physics and applications built in diversely every industry that we're in, so for instance, automotive, electronics, defense avionics, for instance, and unmanned surveillance and things like that. So I don't want to draw a distinction between the 2 of those. But all of those sectors were pretty good. The second thing is keep in mind that when we talk about -- we scored the U.S. standpoint, keep in mind, there's an awful lot of that. We score that not by the nationality of the company buying it, but where the software is actually being installed and utilized. And as a result of that, I think that you read collateral headlines, you'll see that there's a lot there's a lot of expansion even by U.S. and other foreign multinationals into other parts of the world. So I think what you saw was a little bit of displacement there. Part of that, of course, is a long-standing theme that we've talked about in terms of the availability of engineering talent, which has been extremely tight particularly in the U.S. and more abundant in other parts of the world, most notably Asia. And therefore, you would see a dislocation of that particular standpoint. Also quite frankly, I'd say that there's some places in the world where the business climate is better. And I think that a lot of companies and manufacturing go to that particular realm. And the other thing is there were a couple of slippages that -- not making excuses for it, but there were a couple of things that came in a day or 2 late in the quarter, but relatively minor. But those are the 3 primary factors. And if we're looking at any prevailing trend, basically, built into the guidance is pretty good performance by a continuation of all our geographies.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: And just if I could, one follow-up on maybe on a larger basis. Looking at the constant currency growth at the company level here, we are at around 11% for the quarter. I'm not sure what is year-to-date, but 11% is a decent distance from high teens, which is, I think, what you typically project organically. What's your outlook here, kind of opinion looking forward x Apache in terms of where that 11% goes in the second half of the year?
James Cashman: Well, first of all, to answer part of the question is within that 13% to 14% year-to-date, in terms of constant currency -- currency has been obviously incredibly very volatile and sometimes just the timing of when things come in can affect that quite a bit. So if you look at the x currency thing, at least implied from there is basically probably going to be the midteens kind of range. So in that 14% to 16%. Again that's the organic constant currency rates.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Koenig of Longbow Research.
Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: I'll make it maybe a multipart question with no follow up. How's that?
James Cashman: Go ahead. We'll see how it works out, though, Steve.
Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, I'd like to drill into -- you raised your EPS guidance for the year considerably. Certainly, you had to beat this quarter. You've got some accretion from Apache, which we're modeling in the back half as maybe being $0.02 or so. So if you could comment on what are the sources of that EPS upside aside from those things? What's driving that big raise in your EPS guidance? And the related question is it looks like the margins for the core business are going up, that you're actually exploiting some of the margin potential you have there in the core business as you're adding Apache separately. So those are my questions. I'll leave it at that.
James Cashman: Okay, yes. I'm going to try to weave those together. First of all, I think the first thing was in terms of parsing the earnings guidance. And well, first of all, we have the baseline of our old guidance. But first of all, we had a clear beat on the Q2 performance. I mean, that's just flat out. Of course, regardless of constant currency or whatever, our currency rates were obviously published into that range. So that was just numerically a clear beat and a pretty significant one. And second of all, we have factored in some accretion, as we mentioned, from the Apache standpoint. I don't know the particulars of your model. But we do have few pennies in there. And then third, and not insignificant either, is the fact that we've actually increased the guidance obviously on the top line. And whenever we do that, of course, we'll be continuing to invest, but that tends to also drive up the EPS. And obviously, there was a margin improvement. But as historically as this happened, our margin improvement is primarily a direct result of the increase in the revenue attainment, also coupled with the standpoints that we've been talking about for, I think, maybe 4 or 5 quarters back. As we were ramping up our investment pattern, when we bring on new people, we look at them as being not filling a 1 quarter kind of earnings management kind of thing. No, we're building with the idea of maintaining these employees as we have for 10, 15, 20, 30 years. And therefore, we want to make sure we are getting the top quality. And as I mentioned, the market has been fairly tight in terms of the supply. And then so secondarily, as we go through that process, it also becomes an issue for us also. But we still plan on doing the investment. It's just that some of it tends to slip. If it slips a couple of months or so, that obviously drives it into later quarters, most typically. Help me out, guys. I think that was all the things.
Maria Shields: Yes.
Operator: Next, we have a question from Ross MacMillan of Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company: I just wanted to go back and make sure I understand the organic assumption. Because by my calculations on a constant-currency basis, you did decelerate this quarter to 11% from 14% in Q1 and you talked about raising your core organic outlook for the year. So to understand, was that -- I mean, that 14% to 16% rate that you just gave, is that for total revenue for the year? Is that total revenue for the second half? What exactly is that number?
James Cashman: Yes. The thing you talked about was Q3. It's actually a little over for the full year. But the second point is again there's a couple of things you have to take into account. First of all is we did guide headed to this with all the currency, things like that, that was built in. We're still coming out. We're still washing through some of the -- all the bumpiness of '09 to '10 to '11 comparables. And in fact, that has been built in to the guidance. But we now started approach more of a typical seasonality that we've had for a longstanding reason for the seasonality and the [indiscernible] of the revenue. And the other thing is again all the things we're talking about here when we're doing these comparisons is on core in constant currency.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company: So that was a 3Q comment for 14% to 16%? Is that correct?
James Cashman: Yes.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company: Okay. And then the other question, follow-up, is going back to the cost. So when we came into this year, you guided for ANSYS pre-Apache at 47% to 49% operating margin. The first half has been 50.7%. So materially, above the high end of that range. How would you have us think about the core ANSYS business in terms of operating margin either for the full year or for the second half?
James Cashman: Well, actually, we do have that in the remarks that we posted on the web. But we're still looking in that 49% to 50% range, which says that we are able to kind of pull in somebody in-process investment that we're trying to do. But obviously, a lot of it is already in the bank along that level. And of course, we look at -- we'll have the issue as we blend the margins with Apache. We want to maintain all the solid aspects of the business while leveraging some of the advantages that the ANSYS business model has been able to do with other partners over a multi-quarter kind of standpoint. And then the other thing is that, as always, while we got that target we're hoping to invest, again this has been a repeated pattern for just a ton of quarters is that if we continue to over perform on the top line, it can increase the leverage. And that's not a bad thing as long as we're not delayed too much in our investment that really is the building pattern for the 3- to 5-year kind of timeframe.
Operator: The next question is from Richard Davis of Canaccord.
Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity: So with regard to your commentary kind of for the balance of the year, is the guidance that you've given based on kind of consensus economic growth of 3% of 4% for U.S. GDP or basically what's your underlying assumption so that we can calibrate off of that?
James Cashman: Well, the bottom line is none of our calculations plugged in a 3% or 4% growth. But it did in fact plug in the amalgamated view and forecast from a bottoms-up standpoint that, in turn, probably factors in all of the different spending sentiments. Of course, that also breaks down roughly 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 by different geographies. So obviously, there's a lot of different things that can happen that could drive it up or down. But it assumes pretty much kind of a status and not a huge mention in either particular way. Again the one thing I did say is that the one reality that's already in play that we already mentioned was -- it happens to be our #2 market, as you know, is the effect of the demand and the progress and things we're doing in Japan are quite solid. But focus by customers and therefore, predictability and timing of orders particularly across quarterly boundaries, those are a little bit tougher for us to predict. And in fact, we did have we did experience -- we did see some of that in Q2 also. I didn't mention that, but you could also draw that from the prepared numbers that are posted on the website. I probably shouldn't mention it because it wasn't an insignificant thing when you consider all of our Asia business versus the Japan portion of that.
Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity: And then with regard to Apache, have you made all your personnel decisions with regard to that combination? And then from a customer standpoint, when should they expect Apache to be kind of integrated into your broader workbench suite or however you're planning to integrate that?
James Cashman: I think -- okay, understood. The first thing, and I don't know if I'm trying to read between the lines, but yes, we made all of our personnel decisions on Apache. And they've got a really solid team and they're an efficient structure that, I think, can gain by the combination with ANSYS. But in other words, we're not looking at now what are we going to do to reduce headcount. In fact, we'd like to keep the investment going and probably even ramp it up in addition to combining it with some of the technical capabilities of ANSYS. So in general, if you think back to every major acquisition, we've never predicated it on -- it was always -- it was never buying a troubled asset and getting rid of people. It's always buying top-quality software and leveraging and growing it. So that is especially true with this particular aspect. Now with regard to the integration, we have a multiphase kind of approach, again as we have done with every acquisition. And the first one is we will merge the financial systems, get IT interaction, a range of those infrastructural things partially because it's actually mandatory from a compliance standpoint. But other things, because it allows us to do immediate collaboration. With regard to technology standpoint, actually Andrew and I have put together plans that, hey, we're not going to do a complete shift and disrupt customers and any. But we do have some immediate things that we can do. And in fact, they are probably on, an annual basis, will be some significant market-related technical integrations to start with our other electronics simulation products and then combine with some of the multi-physics aspects. And you'll see some of those over each of the next few years. And then the final part is the customer aspect. And in general, customers, I don't think we'll see any disruption in the kind of flow and interaction they have from a support and that kind of standpoint. However, we will be continuing to open up maybe more opportunities to things that really weren't even possible for people to consider before but actually can leverage in. And I think again that's something that we've been able to do with each of the individual applications. And actually, since I read some of your notes, I kind of want to make a little comment that this doesn't really signal us moving into EDA anymore than it sees us, any more than over the past few decades we were moving into MDA. This is purely about simulation of product performance and complete systems. And whether you're looking at the defense industry, the auto industry, look at anything, look at the handheld devices and what's the biggest thing on every new smartphone? Battery life. Battery life. I mean, it's always on there. So this is really not inching into thing. It's just a recognition that the electronics and the mechanical worlds are converging. And we want to simulate entire products because it's the entire product is what drives customer satisfaction, not a superior component in an inferior system.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Ashley of Robert W. Baird.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Kind of continuing on the same line of questioning, if you can provide some color on your plans for increasing the distribution capacity for Apache? Any color on how long it'll take for you to ramp up your sales reps, and channel, and get them trained on Apache products would be helpful.
James Cashman: Okay, absolutely. The one I'd like to maybe state for the people running the infrastructure here, it seems that each time we're getting a question at least from what we're hearing, the first part is chopping off. I think, so far, it's just been introductions, but if maybe we could just build a couple of seconds delay in there so we don't miss something crucial on that. But with regard to the customer integration and things like that, I think was the question. The channel thing. Again while there's no cookie cutter for this, there are some best practices. And if you look at what we've done. First of all, we have direct and indirect channels. We also -- from whether you're a direct or indirect, there is a certification process you have to go through because we're not going to sacrifice our ISO commitment to quality and that quality is not just product quality, but it's customer support quality. So there are things we have to go through there. With our indirect channel, we also have to see that this is not just somebody looking to have something else to add to the price list, but they actually have to have an investment commitment commensurate with the kind of investment that we're making internally to make those work. Historically, what we found is just like people are not homogeneous, our channel is not homogenous. And as a result of that, you'll find, I think I've said this many times over the last decade, you'll see probably about 20% of our channels that will make immediate investments and will have the technical capacity to quickly start to move into this. And there'll be another 50% or 60% that over the next one to 2 years, will be able to achieve that kind of certification. And there usually are a couple that just really either are in geographies where there isn't a huge push for it, or for any number of reasons, they'll definitely lag. And I see something very similar to this. Now on the customer standpoint, the interesting thing is I think there's -- I don't want to put words in Andrew's mouth, but he had said something earlier about the size, scale and scope. Apache, obviously, has done a really wonderful job in 10 years if you've read their documents. But again as you're rapidly growing, you're constrained a little bit. So they had a much more concentrated user base, and it was focused at some subsegments of the market. Now you combine that with the entry into almost 40,000 ANSYS customers. And the fact that almost all of them are embedding electronics and they have concerns about that, we have a chance to actually now start to introduce those. But we'll be doing that gradually because we don't want to cause a major disruption by, let's say, not fully qualified customers and not fully trained sales people disrupting things. The good news is if you take the top 20 Apache counts, 12 of ANSYS in most of those but 12 of those also have to be very significant ANSYS accounts. And we actually have already had initial contacts by customers that are intrigued by opportunities they see now, that might not have seen before. I don't know, Andrew, is that a -- can you add to that or disagree if you disagree with anything?
Andrew Yang: Yes. I think since the beginning of our discussion with Jim, I think we always focus on 1 point, that is no disruption. No disruption to Apache's customers. I think we want to maintain the core momentum, which has been very strong for Apache. And we will look for opportunity that we can leverage ANSYS' specialty strong channel. But keep in mind, as Jim said, we really want to add value together to the customers. And combined together, I think, we have a lot of opportunity. But we're going to do it progressively, gradually. And that's the key.
Operator: The next question is from Blair Abernethy of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Jim, I wonder if you could expand a bit more on the strategy in the high-performance Computing area and particularly, what you're doing with IBM?
James Cashman: Well, obviously, the key thing is that we talked about power-hungry applications. That was one of the themes from Apache. But you talked about people, I mean, now that simulation is really taking hold, the one thing you'll see is that -- and this is why the low end really has not been a huge thing because low-end users are not solving simpler problems. They are actually needing to get into full fidelity simulation. And it turns out that when you look at the cost of computing, and even the cost of software compared to the cost of engineers, and the lack of supply of the engineers, you take all that, and it's essentially people are trying to amplify the engineering talent they do have. And computing and simulation is one particular way of really driving that. So we have seen -- I think we first started talking about this like in Q2 of '10, when we had released the new packs. And they just continue to grow from that. So really, what it gets down to is the desire for increasing power of simulation. And basically, I don't think that's any different than you see that what smartphones did a couple of years ago were kind of cool. Now they're driving all this thing about streaming video and all this other stuff. So it's kind of like at each new level of success opens up, a complete new range of opportunity along those lines. So it continues to be a fast-growing sector. It is a way for people to accelerate the computing capacity and do it very efficiently, sometimes actually utilizing infrastructure that they already have in place. Sometimes, they might sit idle at certain times of the day. So it's an overall balancing aspect. That being said, HPC, I'd say that most times, you can't get through anything without saying the word cloud. And cloud right now for most of our customers is largely related to what some people would call internal cloud applying that kind of standpoint. But ultimately, it has the possibility to expand beyond there. So with that demand and given the fact that, that demand involves software, customer need, hardware, telecom, a range of things, for a number of years actually, we've had basically a number of partners, significant partners, basically anybody in the space in our overall ecosystem for helping to provide that complete capability because, of course, we don't provide -- we don't sell hardware per se. I mean, we have had a Software-as-a-Service offering for 10 years or more and continue to, and that will continue to be a part of our potential offering. But with that, companies like IBM, Microsoft, just a couple of copies. I mean, IBM perhaps we were actually involved in their additional introduction of basically the IBM Engineering Solutions for the Cloud and basically one of the lead technical software-providing capabilities. And it is just continuing to -- we have the capacity to do it and now this is the way of reaching out, helping to expand the reach and the availability to customers.
Operator: The next question is from Greg Halter of Great Lakes Review.
Gregory Halter: Jim, I know in the past you've given some details on some of the customers in the various regions. And just wondering if you have any kind of information such as that, which I know there's comments in the prepared remarks, but I'm not sure you went through some of your customers.
James Cashman: Well, yes. Sometimes, as you know, sometimes, we're just starting to view this as a kind of a competitive advantage or the like, so they tend to -- sometimes, we're constrained on what we say on that. But the main customers, I mean, there are a number of them. And the interesting thing is they continue -- I mean, obviously, we've always had a very broad base, even when simulation was only used by a few people. So we've been able to even slightly broaden the base, but more specifically continue to expand the usage within those bases. So when you look at that, very significant -- I'm trying to get a feel. I think there was somewhere 12, 13, 14 of the 7-figure deals, I believe. And they were spread across multiple regions. Again everything from aerospace companies, the traditional ones. But if you went down, you look at Hewlett-Packard, General Motors, Rolls-Royce, you have some of the oil companies, automotive companies in Japan. I mean, there's -- again it's the usual list of suspects. But it's really along those particular lines.
Gregory Halter - Great Lake Review: Okay. And also in the remarks -- and we've noticed this relationship that you have, the new relationship you have with IBM relative to the cloud, which you were discussing cloud earlier, just wondered if you could elaborate on how you see that relationship playing out.
James Cashman: I'm sorry, with regard -- I mean, just with regard to the cloud in general or? I'm sorry, I want to make sure I understand what you're saying.
Gregory Halter - Great Lake Review: Sure. You have an announcement with IBM. IBM named ANSYS as one of the ISV partner in their engineering solutions for cloud. And just wondered how you see that playing out to ANSYS' benefit?
James Cashman: Well, obviously, anytime you partner with great customers and/or great industry partners, it is a net positive. I think in general, like I said, when you say cloud, there a number of different manifestations of that. And of course, in the case of IBM, they're capable of satisfying both internal and external clouds. Now as I've also talked about on previous calls, first of all, all of the heavy lifting that we needed to do to upgrade the cloud has actually been done over a decade-long period. And that is really the parallelization of the code, basically making it officially break up into something that can span hundreds and thousands of processors. I mean, that's a given. If you don't have that, then you really even can't enter the party. Now beyond that, our customers have been very interested in actually utilizing the HPC things internally. Big issues as we've always talked about. Bandwidth, international property protection, and those continue to be aspects. But also when they do that, they wanted to be a cost-efficiency thing and all I'm saying is that there will a continuum of evolution of the model because frankly, the talking about how you commercialize the utilization of simulation software in an external cloud is quite a bit different than for instance taking utility like a CRM system or an e-mail system or something like that saying, hey, I know that each person is going to be doing this series of transactional type of things. And I can somewhat clock into it. In the case of running this over an external cloud, you can have a situation where somebody would like to avail themselves of it. And they might only use it for a few days, a month for overflow kind of capability. But you may have somebody that gets on and ties up several thousand processors, and it would be the equivalent of -- so in other words, you can't find a "one size kind of fits all" on a monthly fee. And also the predictability of those runs is kind of like people that have teenagers like I do and you let them -- you don't have unlimited texting, and you find out how many text messages can be done at $0.05 and $0.10 and the bill comes in, it turns out to be quite a shock. So that's the business predictability of that. But the fact is the software does run. It is available. And it actually at least from our customer base, we don't have a ton of push for that. I mean, our Software-as-a-Service type of solution, which can run in a cloud has been around for many, many years and it produces a small bit of revenue. It has been a huge growing thing for the aforementioned customer concerns that I mentioned. But these things are going to progress over time. We'll have to see how they progress and the best way to provide those. But obviously, someone with the infrastructure and the resource of an IBM and some of the other major companies that we mentioned are people that are more than able to help wrestle these types of things to the ground. So it is a trend. It is coming. But we want to make sure we keep the substance in front of the hype.
Gregory Halter - Great Lake Review: Okay. And one more quick one -- and I also have 3 teenagers, and I've seen that bill. Relative to your balance sheet now with the Apache completed, it looks like there's about $170 million plus of net cash. Just wanted your thoughts on capital structure, debt rates, debt repayment, things of that nature that you've discussed in the past.
Maria Shields: Yes, certainly. At this point in time, given that the existing roughly $150 million worth of debt that remains, it's carrying a pretax rate of 1%. I really can't see a need for aggressive repayment there, Greg. But as Jim mentioned earlier, we will continue, in addition to Apache, there are many other ideas relative to M&A that we will continue to pursue as we try to broaden and make our way ahead in what's happening in the world of simulation. So that's probably where you're going to see us spend our focus over the course of the next 12 to 18 months.
Operator: The next question is from Saket Kalia of JPMorgan.
Saket Kalia - JP Morgan Chase & Co: It's Saket here for Sterling. Few questions from our side. So first, how much is Apache expected to contribute this year to non-GAAP revenue? And what kind of growth rate do you think that could sort of generate over the next year or 2?
Maria Shields: Well, how about if we stick to 2011 right now? For Q3, we're estimating probably, on a non-GAAP basis, about $9 million. And for the remainder of 2011, roughly on a non-GAAP basis, about $23 million. But we don't see any reason that Apache joining ANSYS should slow down the Apache growth from what they would've expected as a standalone company.
Saket Kalia - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Great. That's helpful. I guess, question on the op margin guidance. Given the guidance for the third quarter and I guess, the implied guidance for the fourth quarter, is it fair to think about operating margin being flat to down in the fourth quarter as that'll be the first quarter that you kind of digest Apache?
Maria Shields: Yes, probably a 1% impact.
James Cashman: The blended.
Saket Kalia - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Got it. And by 1%, meaning 1% kind of down quarter-over-quarter?
James Cashman: It is down, yes.
Maria Shields: Right.
Saket Kalia - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Lastly, on cash flow, I think we're at about $160 million, $465 million here in operating cash flow at the midpoint of the year, which is pretty similar to kind of what you did for the full year last year. So how do you kind of think about cash flow for the remainder of 2011?
Maria Shields: For the full year, roughly somewhere in the $260 million to $275 million range.
James Cashman: Yes. The main difference is here we've actually -- things related to Japan, the flow of the Japan restructuring. By the way, that's not cash that's disappeared. It's just actually a delay type of asset. We got a small inclusion for increased cash flow from Apache. And also this cash flow comes in as a result of our increased -- our raised guidance for the remainder of the year. I think those are the 3 majors, right? And then the predominant one, basically, is the delay in the Japan restructuring.
Maria Shields: Saket, we'll be putting up the 10-Q in a little bit. If you take a look at the liquidity section, there's going to be an update relative to Japan.
Operator: Next, we have a question from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Jim, given the progression of your maintenance revenues last quarter and the last few quarters, I'd like to ask about what's going on beneath that in terms of your active installed base. At the analyst meeting 5 months ago, you shared a number of about 475,000 active commercial licenses, which, if I'm not mistaken, was up by about 1/3 or more from the year-earlier number. How are you thinking about the increase you might see in the active base this year excluding Apache versus the number that you talked about for earlier this year and for early 2010? Then a follow-up.
James Cashman: Okay. Well, the first thing is as you start to see the continual ramp-up, you're actually seeing, I think, a paling factor from, as we mentioned there -- we talked a couple of years ago about in '09 where people didn't have access. Some of the maintenance renewal rates dropped a couple of percentage points. Then we talked about 2009 and 2010, how then people came back into that. And then as a result, you can still have some of the growth coming as a result of the noncomparable beginning with a phase back in on maintenance. So the bottom line is, the number one thing driving it though is back to return, traditionally high rates in basically in people going on maintenance and continuing on the enhancement subscription that we have. The other thing is there's no doubt that customers even now, they're driving up on their HPC usage. And the HPC usage has been driving up seat count for us. And again what we're talking there is the active number of processors that can be run because, in general, just counting users, it really can skew the data because you have a clump of users that are like more of the CAD model. One seat, one user, that type of thing. But now we're getting to the standpoint where users are using banks and much more of these. And that's actually driving up the seat count disproportionate to user count. I think we talked a little bit about that at the investor day when you were there. And then you said you had a follow-up?
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Yes, actually 1.5 follow-ups. But question regarding customer concentration. Last year, 2010, about 33% of your revenues, you say, had come from your top 100 customers and that was a little bit more of a proportion than in the prior couple of years. Again some of the question, how are you seeing the customer concentration progressing this year? Do you think the top 100 become more or less a percentage of your business in 2011? And just to sneak in that half technical question for Andrew to bringing EDA back into the Q&A. Some of your larger peers specifically, Cadence and Synopsys specifically, are incorporating low-power capabilities and methodologies into their flows for digital and custom. As they have done that, how has that affected you, if at all, competitively given that they've embedded low-power capabilities through their tools and through their flows?
James Cashman: Well, first of all, I'm going to try and knock off your follow-on question and maybe you can do an intro for Andrew. This is the first time we've thrown him into the bridge here. But in general, yes, concentration crept up a little bit in the top 100. But again I think we mentioned that during the toughest time, the more solid-leading companies were a little bit more resilient. I mean everybody felt the punch, but they felt it a little bit less. And now we've returned a little bit more to normalcy, if I can even use that word. And as a result, during the -- the top 100 are probably about in the low 20% in terms of -- and again I'm talking about sales intake here, which is very proportional, of course, to revenue. But there are obviously recognition issues based on our revenue rec policies and the like of that. And then with regard to the issue on -- I mean, at least in my -- I'm still heavily in learning mode myself. But in general, the fact that the Cadence or Synopsys, I mean, to me it's very much equivalent to on the MCAD side for many, many years -- for 20, 30 years, CAD players have had some form of maybe a less technical leading edge but still a product that they would offer. These are viable products and things like that. And from my standpoint, it's not really a ton [ph] different metaphorically. But Andrew, you've actually lived it for 10 years and do you have any?
Unknown Executive: Right. I guess, the question is as some of the so-called EDA vendor building to their flow, the low-power design technique, how will that impact Apache from a business standpoint, right? So as Jim said, we've been through this many, many years. We have executed, not just one step ahead, but multiple steps ahead of our competitors. Now bear in mind that keeping is we focus on highly differentiable simulation technology that customers use for sign-off before manufacturing. That's the most critical piece of solution they need for low power. But they also use our solution, gradually migrating to early prototyping, early power reduction and optimization and also expanding it from chip to overall system-centric power. So I think we have built sufficient technique surrounding our core business. At the same time, technology that we can defend our stronghold, our [indiscernible] of so-called core differentiation. So we will continue to do that. We'll continue to look at fore view but also our rearview mirror and we keep track of our competitive landscape and the key thing is we stay ahead. I think that's not going to change, being standalone or as part of ANSYS.
James Cashman: I think I basically, obviously agree with that. And I think the one thing is that again as I mentioned, we're not moving into MCAD, or ECAD or things like that. We focus on simulation. And that was one thing that Apache very much did also. So the point is our continued investment in R&D, coupled with the fact that over decades, we've accumulated really the strongest development team of simulation experts. If you combine that investment with the established people, you continue to push on that standpoint. Also you start to look at the opportunities to balance. It doesn't make any difference that you've got the absolute best electronics, if they are thermally unbalanced, if they overheat, if they're fragile to shocks, so ultimately over time, making sure -- and we can do it on the front end, the ability to predict not only how something will perform but how survivable will it be. And continuing to drive that along with the focus and the increased investment is basically that's something we had to do individually. And we'll do collectively. We had to do it for years, and we'll have to do it years into the future. You can't rest on your laurels.
Operator: Your next question is from Barbara Coffey of Brigantine.
Barbara Coffey - Brigantine Advisors LLC: As you're taking a look at the market for the simulation management systems, what kind of companies are you seeing adopting that, trailing it? What kind of applications are they really using it for?
James Cashman: Well, I'll tell you, it's really interesting because, of course, on one parallel screen, you can compare it to the PDM systems of the '80s and the '90s. But you can also say that when you talk about data knowledge, simulation, process demand and that entire thing, you're almost talking -- I mean, you're talking almost about infinite space and there's everything from personal productivity things to workflow management and best practices propagation. With all that in mind, I mean, we have people that are actually utilizing it to -- as kind of like personal productivity tools. But I'd say there's probably 2 major thrust areas that we have seen moving along those lines. The first of all are major companies when they realize that because of their scale, keeping things in sync and being able to share and collaborate across multiple physical and geographic silos is particularly key. They wind up where just the [indiscernible] is a huge problem. The second part though that's very interesting is the concept of, as we mentioned, engineering talent has been difficult for anybody around the globe to find. What they found is that they may want to take these kinds of applications. And in essence, give the ability to manipulate the knowledge from a simulation to someone who's not even an engineer or simulation person. Key point is when you look at the keeping uptime on an oil platform, but when you're out on the platform, you may not have exactly all the kind of experts out there and the ability to get access to that information and distill it down and make it usable by a much broader range of people. So we've seen it as an extension tool to the people who can benefit, not from doing simulations, but from the knowledge that's gained from simulation. And then finally, increasingly complex environments that our increasingly global spread and being able to unify those. Again the long [indiscernible] implementation is obviously it has to mesh in with the people, organizations and the data. So there's always that kind of a rollout period.
Barbara Coffey - Brigantine Advisors LLC: And then, do you find that there's a need to be linking your systems other PLM or those types of collaborative systems or existing a bit on its own?
James Cashman: No, no, look, it exists on its own but like many things, it also provides disproportionate benefit by allowing it linked together. And as a result, having an affinity between the things that combine our complete systems, for instance, has a very natural linking path to the PDM elements or a PLM kind of environment where you're dealing with product structures and different combinations of data like that. So it is kind of the natural transfer of information as opposed to doing everything point-wise. And so that's becoming a very common way for us to interface.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jim Cashman for any closing remarks.
James Cashman: Okay. Thanks. Okay, so in close, emphasis for the remainder of 2011 will be the integration of the Apache business and a continued focus on execution, growth and customer engagement, and that's on all aspects of the business commensurate again with our raised guidance. Again customer receptivity in our long-term vision, it just continues to strengthen. We're expecting the release of ANSYS 14 later this year. Actually, we've gone through a number of customer previews already, the addition of the Apache products to our already broad portfolio only serve to strengthen it further. So again it's the same elements. We continue to be propelled by a strong combination of a vision, but a strong business model, loyal customers. We talked about those on this call. The partners, we talked about those. Great technology. And of course, our growing base of exceptional employees. We've been hiring organically. And of course, we just gained a whole new team of great people. And these are all the elements that we continue to build off of. So again, I'll thank everybody for their time. And we'll speak to you next quarter, if not sooner.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-26 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Jim Cashman - President and CEO Maria Shields - CFO
Analysts: Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank Sterling Audi - JP Morgan Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird Mark Schappel - Benchmark Company Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Company Steven Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets Blair Abernathy - Thomas Weisel Partners D.J. Richards - Needham and Company Sanil Daptardar - Sentinel Investment 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ANSYS Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of the call. Today's conference is being recorded at the request of ANSYS Incorporated. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now introduce your speaker for this morning's conference call, Mr. Jim Cashman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead, Mr. Cashman.
Jim Cashman: Thanks a lot. Good morning and welcome to the ANSYS call for Q4 2008 and the fiscal year end of 2008. And with me today, as usual our CFO, Maria Shields. We will go through our usual outline of highlights of the quarter and the year-to-date at a high level. And then we'll go into greater depth on the operational results. Then we will go into a discussion of some of the qualitative factors which basically reinforce our long-term optimism, but given the rampant unpredictability of the current economic situation, we will also talk about our approach to maintaining solid earnings and structure without unduly hampering the long-term opportunity. In the course of this, Maria will then update you on our line item expense performance, balance sheet and cash flows. And after that we'll go into projections for Q1, 2009, and after discussing those topics we will be happy to respond to any questions you may have. So let's get started, Maria. If you would, our Safe Harbor statement, please.
Maria Shields: Okay, thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our fourth quarter results include a full quarter of Ansoft operations. In addition to any risks that we highlight during the course this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon the company's best judgment as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in public forum. During the course of this call we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide supplemental information to our GAAP disclosures, a discussion and full reconciliation of GAAP financial measures to comparable non-GAAP measures is included in this morning's earnings release and related Form 8-K. So with all that covered, I'll turn it back over to you, Jim.
Jim Cashman: Okay. Thanks. Let me just begin by saying that Q4 was a good quarter on a number of fronts. And in spite of everything that we faced, we still executed and delivered. The Q4 business results were slightly below our guidance on a revenue basis. But non-GAAP earnings turned out to be well above the guidance due to some of the precautionary controls that we had put in place through most of the past year, and then also some incremental tax benefits. As always, the numbers that we are using are non-GAAP, and historically consistent fashion. And just as a reminder for us, non-GAAP earnings include the add-back for purchase accounting treatment of acquired deferred revenue, acquisition-related amortization, and stock-based compensation adjustments for 2007, 2008, and these are detailed in our earnings announcement. So from a high-level perspective this was, again, a very good quarter. Even in these tougher economic times, and off a very strong comparable that included five seven-figure deals. For the quarter, we reported solid financial performance with non-GAAP revenues of $143.3 million. This represents a 29% increase from last year's Q4 of $111.2 million. This is a tad under our guidance of the $145 million to $149 million range but currency was all over the map to the tune of slightly north of $5 million in net negative impact compared to last Q4. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 14%, with non-GAAP EPS of $0.50, up from last Q4's comparable of $0.44. Now, I mentioned that the incremental tax benefits when we adjust for the incremental tax benefit in each of those quarters, the operational comparison is actually about $0.48, up from $0.40, or about a 20% increase. EPS performance was driven by steady non-GAAP revenues combined with business model adjustments that we made in connection with the Ansoft acquisition and in response to the economy. Just as in the past few years, both have been driven by increasing customer adoptions. But we are also aided by positive vectors in the Ansoft integration and our own long-standing disciplined approach to spending. Secondly, most of the major aspects of the business performed as anticipated. Each geography grew, and we had significant input from each major product line. We saw continued strong growths in operating margins, cash flows, and a stable business model. So basically almost every metric was positive there. We saw a fair amount of resiliency in our customer engagements that included expansion in our major accounts and the addition of many new customers. Equally important, our recurring base continued to be strong, even in these difficult times. We even saw a few of the seven-figure orders which contributed some new license business for the quarter, but disproportionately to building the deferred revenue balance. There was continued expansion of portfolio sales and cross selling, and something that we expect to cultivate with Ansoft over the next few years. Anecdotally, customers are still telling us that even in the tougher economic times there's a heightened need on their part for product innovation. So while this is far from bulletproof, they generally feel that they can not achieve this mission with lower end or less-capable solutions. So this is one of the major factors that's seen us through a wide range of economic conditions while still filling a critical customer need. We believe that the combination of this depth and breadth of our simulation capabilities combined with the power of a flexible and open Workbench platform put us in even better position to increase our market share and expand relationships within our existing and extensive customer base. So with that in mind, I will go into the operational highlights. And I guess before I go into the operational highlights, I would like to set the high level stage because there will be a number of different ways that we are presenting numbers. And I know everybody likes to look at them from a different perspective. So first of all, with the Ansoft acquisition we have some non-comparability in the quarterly numbers and, to a lesser degree, to an annual basis. So we are going to be talking in terms of both total numbers and organic numbers to provide that particular look. With the currency volatility, we experienced mostly negative effects, especially for the quarter. And we will explain this in terms of the actual and constant currency numbers. Q4, number three, Q4 of last year was an exceptionally strong quarter for us, particularly in paid-ups. Our guidance at the beginning of 2008 reflected that, and we actually exceeded that, so that the Q4 comparables should not be taken out of context. And yes, the economy. It has deteriorated since the beginning of the year. No news flash there. And it has slowed down the short-term pace of the order payment, but it really has not affected the pipeline or the long-term picture. So as we go through this, we will try to highlight all of that in terms of in non-GAAP numbers, the total business, organic business, and constant currency numbers. But in general, good quarter, good year, and still solid foundation to get through some difficult macro times. So looking at the operational highlights first, as I previously mentioned, our non-GAAP revenue for the quarter was $143.3 million. And again, 29% over the $111.2 million of Q4 in 2007. Again, I will remind you that these total numbers include the non-comparable of Ansoft revenues. On a core basis we grew at about 5%, or just under 10% in constant currencies again, organically. This is consistent with our guidance for the beginning of the year, and last quarter as our business plans had already factored in the lump effects of Q4, 2007. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings for the quarter grew 14% to $0.50, up from $0.44 per share in Q4 2007. These results did include a negative currency impact of about a penny. This exceeded the analysts consensus which marked the 45th consecutive quarter that the non-GAAP EPS has met or exceeded consensus. Overall non-GAAP operating margins for the quarter were 49%, which represents a blended rate with Ansoft. There were some positive integration efficiencies included there. But the majority of this was from our own economic defensive measures that we started to put in place. Non-GAAP gross margins were at a healthy 89%, pretty much the same story as with the operating margins. We also saw continued strong cash flows from operations of over $61 million, which is a 48% increase over the $42 million of last Q4. Looking at the whole year, for the year ending 2008 we reported total non-GAAP revenue of $493 million or 27% increase over the prior year. Again, this number includes a five-month contribution from Ansoft, but excluding that, the organic growth was 16%. Software license business was disproportionately strong, but the maintenance and service revenue also grew well, particularly the software enhancement subscriptions. The year-to-date non-GAAP EPS was $1.76 which is a 31% increase over $1.34 in 2007. For the year, non-GAAP operating and gross margins were 48% and 87%, respectively. These are both an improvement over 2007. The cash flows from operations were over $196.7 million for the year, which is a 55% increase over the comparable of 2007. So with those high-level things, we can now take a look at the picture from a variety of different perspectives as we historically do, from category business, geography, customer, product line kind of standpoints. And let's start with category business. Overall the consolidated non-GAAP software license revenue grew 21% for the quarter and 25% for the year. On an organic basis, these were 2% for the quarter and 16% year-to-date. Total paid-up licenses grew at 30% for the quarter or slightly down organically due to the new license contribution of those major events that we talked about from last Q4's mega orders. And also due to the strong negative currency effects. For the year-to-date, paid-up growth was 37%, and an 18% organic. Lease business grew 13% for the quarter and equaled about 33% of total business. This reflects a slight shift due to the historical Ansoft business being non-lease. For the organic business, it grew at 8%, and for the year-to-date, it grew 17% and represents 36% of total revenues. The lease business may be something that we could see trending up, given the current challenge that some of our customers face relative to access to capital budgets. But this is just another element of the flexible model that allows us to meet the business needs of customers and allows us to build the foundational strength of the company. Total maintenance and service grew at about 46% for the quarter, and 31% year-to-date, or 10% for the quarter, 15% year-to-date organically. The peer software maintenance and enhancement subscription portion of that grew at 59% for the quarter and 42% for the year-to-date or 14% and 21%, respectively, for the organic business. The peer services element was around 4% of total revenue and about 5% for the year. While we saw growth across all of our major product lines, many high-end products grew at double digits for the quarter and the year. Our direct and indirect businesses both performed fairly well. There's a 74% direct, 26% indirect split. This reflects a very consistent organic performance was above in favor of direct, largely related to the direct nature of the Ansoft business. Ultimately, portions of this business will be adopted by the channel after certification and business plans are worked out. But minimally, in the short term as technical incompetencies will need the business plans to be developed, so it will take a little bit of time there. But this is something that historically we have done with all the new technologies that we acquire. Business intake grew comparably to revenue at about 28% for the quarter. For the year, intake grew at 30%, which exceeded the revenue growth, you know, basically a good leading indicator there. This contributed to a rise in deferred revenue to 39% as compared to last year's Q4 of $173.9 million. Our strong repeatable business base remained at a healthy 66%, even on this larger base of business. And that compares to 65% at this time last year, even including the less-visible Ansoft component. The consistent ability to maintain the solid base of the recurring revenue or repeatable revenue is one of the hallmarks of our business model and a foundation for navigating tough economies. And we believe this is a result of the long-term commitment we have had to R&D that is ready to sell, even in these unpredictable times. This has driven our product leadership which, in turn, allows our customers to solve increasingly complex design issues. We have a solid balance sheet and strong cash flows, as I mentioned $61.7 million for the quarter, $196.7 million for the year. And these strong cash flows afford us flexibility in dealing with accelerated debt buy down, ANSYS share repurchase or economic insulation as needs may dictate over the short and long term. Geography, actually very much in line with the general discussion that I gave earlier on revenues. We are quite pleased to maintain this, even with the volatile economy and currency effects. Specifically, every geography grew. You know, basically in core terms, absolute constant currency terms, although some of the metrics were in single digits. We were pleased, with all the chaff going on around us in Q4, and absorbing over $5 million in net negative currency impacts. North America increased at 30% for the quarter, and 21% year-to-date. As North America was the main portion of the large over achievement last Q4, the organic growth was only about 1% for the quarter and 8% for the year. The performances of our direct offices were largely driven by major customers and outpaced that with upper teens growth for the year. Major orders in North America and for the quarter came from a typical mix of both long-standing and new customers. The Honeywell, Pratt & Whitney, Boeing, Ford, Northrop Grumman, BAE Systems, Tyco, John Deere, Raytheon, Lockheed Martin, General Dynamics, Goodrich, Trane, Belcan, Aerojet, Westinghouse, Procter and Gamble, ConocoPhillips, Nvidia just to name a few. Almost two-thirds of some of this wound up in our deferred balance as we saw strong renewals and good lease component. Europe continued its impressive performance even in light of the obvious currency headwinds. For the quarter there was an overall 13% growth or 27% in constant currencies. For the year, we saw 24% growth or a little over 23% for the year, after factoring in the currency advantage in the first half of the year balanced by what we saw in the latter part of the year. For the quarter and the year, Germany and the Central Europe business led the way, while our French business was also quite strong. All regions saw in Europe saw adverse currency effects at the end, but the British pound was especially hard hit. Ansoft had a very nominal presence in Europe, so the quarter versus total in terms of currency impacts are relatively low. The largest deals in Europe included repeat customers and new ones such as Smegma, Ariva, [Fsue], Space Bausch, DCN, ALSTOM, Siemens, Messiah, Buggati, Azstarnet UK, Saudi Aramco, EDF, Vestas Wind Technology, EADS, Krylov Ship Building, Korolev Rocket and Space. So you see they are a mix of some usual companies as well as some new ones in particularly exciting areas. Our general international area continued to grow well but with a greater variation in currency and economy. The end was actually positive for us. Many currencies were relatively flat while others like the won were negative. The overall growth for the region was 57% for the quarter, and 43% for the year. Now keep in mind these include the quarterly effects from the Ansoft component, five months for the year in an Ansoft component. So unlike Europe, it has greater significance in the Asia-Pacific area. Nevertheless, the organic growth for the region was 13% for the quarter and 23% for the year. Japan grew at 49% for the quarter and organically at 10%. And for the core business, Japan grew at 19% for the year or about 10% ex-currency. Most of the rest of GIA grew in excess of those numbers, actually in aggregate, 60% for the year or about 28% organically. Key customer engagements in the region included Cummins, Wally Energy, Samsung, LG Electronics, Ishikawajima Heavy Industries, Infotech, Nippon Steel, Hitachi, Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Emerson, Petrobrass, Mitsubushi, Canon, Reiko, Konica, Toshiba, a number of companies along that line. From the worldwide list of large orders, but it's also evident in the smaller ones also. There was a continued trend toward all forms of energy optimization conventional, petro, nuclear, and alternatives. Additionally, the aerials related to heavy equipment, infrastructure, and materials also had an increase that might possibly build off of the various demands for increased infrastructure spending. Even in troubled industries such as automotive, we have seen increased interest in our multi-physics capabilities for alternate drives and systems for safety or efficiency, and even while they are sorting out broader issues of financial strengthening in the industry. So sometimes even going counter to the prevailing wins. Obviously, the inclusion of Ansoft into our portfolio serves these design initiatives well, and in all cases, even rapid understanding of very complex problems with extreme accuracy is essential. And that basically is the strength of ANSYS multi-physics and what we do. So the net of all this is continued industry breadth, accentuated by increasing interest in infrastructure and energy, both with and without stimulus packages. We are seeing increased penetration within our strong and broad customer base. The pipeline of new opportunities, it continues to be solid. And even in this, the challenging economic environment, we are seeing growing interest, although the paper flow process definitely has become more protractive. So there is little doubt of the long-term opportunity as evidenced by the continuing momentum that we have had both with existing and new customers. But in the short term, I'm going to add the caveat that even with this increasing interest there is also cause for constant vigilance due to the turmoil that's basically affected virtually the entire global economic environment. And this can sometimes positively, but lately adversely influencing the timings and patterns of customer buying decisions. And we have tried to factor that into our guidance. And we will continue to endeavor doing so going forward. So in summary, there was growth around the globe, real and constant currency, even in the tough climate. All areas had double-digit organic growth for the year. With the exception of North America which was in the high single digits as we mentioned before. And as you tell from the list of customer names, there was good industry and major account activities, and major accounts in particular were important to, in their contribution to the new license revenue, as well as for the deferred balance. So in short, there was performance everywhere, but there areas for improvement almost everywhere and areas of concern, particularly in this climate. So in light of this progress, we are very selectively ramping up elements of the customer facing organization in response to the available opportunity, but being really mindful of the turbulence out there. Now that was the geography. So if we cut into products mix. From the product revenue standpoint, we saw no surprises from either the trends or the guidance. The consolidated software license revenues grew by 21% in total and 2% organically quarter-to-quarter. Paid up software licenses were up 30% for the quarter and down 5% organically, again related to that the lump of those mega orders that we talked about before. For the year, paid ups were up 37%, and they were up 18% organically. Lease business stayed strong at 33% of the blended total. Now all parts of the product spectrum did well, good overall balance. Although the established Workbench enabled parts of our product line grew disproportionately well. This set of products, of course, gets expanded significantly with the upcoming R12 release. The software maintenance and enhancement subscription business grew at 59% for the quarter and 42% year-to-date. It was 14% for the quarter and 21% year-to-date in organic terms. High-end sales grew disproportionately as previously mentioned. But the bottom line is with the pressures that our customers are facing, they simply can't really compromise on the scope or accuracy of the solution to tackle the problems they are confronted with. ASPs for the quarter were stable, actually up over Q4 last year, and at the low end, ASPs were stable when adjusted for normal volume purchase schedules. We had mentioned last quarter that with the acquisition of Ansoft, and broadest, deepest set of our integrated simulation tools that's been driving the customer adoption, this continued to get broader and deeper. And to that point, integration activities started in earnest. And as of the beginning of this year, the sales teams are unified. Software revenues came in well, but it was complicated via the economy, integration effort, and even some details such as the changing of the typical Ansoft quarterly and annual boundaries. We have seen that some short-term dampening of Ansoft sales that have historically happened due to their overlaps with the electronics industry. But in the early stages, we are already starting to see some of the positive aspects of wrapping their capabilities into the ANSYS portfolio and business model. In fact, in the upcoming R12, we will even see some of the first signs of level integration. So, we are still excited about the prospects of being able to do complete product simulations across all industries with products that are increasingly a blur of mechanical and electrical effects. Essentially combining the simulation of form and function. It's especially key to be able to do this in an egalitarian plug-and-play manner in a CAD-neutral environment, the very CAD-neutral environment that exists in most of our customers and their supply chains and be able to do that with our many partners. So basically concluding this part, in summary, we had another good quarter and a great year by all metrics. It was above our organic revenue guidance from the beginning of the year and well ahead of our earnings guidance. And again, this was in spite of the economic surprises and currency downturns that happened in the later parts of the year. Both the quantitative and qualitative factors showed progress, and the results demonstrated our continued financial and market performance. We have been making good progress on Ansoft integration, our earnings and cash flow remain solid, which should serve to continue our investment patterns as well as to support the debt associated with the Ansoft acquisition. So we reiterate our long-term commitment to taking these markets to a new level and to continue our pursuit of meeting customer expectation and corporate commitments to all of our stakeholders. Basically our major customers and, you know, these are the premiere companies in the world, are telling us that while they might be slowing and reviewing IT spending in general, they are not pulling back on new product innovations or R&D. But they are telling us that things are taking longer for them internally and frankly, some of them are waiting to see the impact of various government interventions. But I will say renewal rates have stayed solid, and the gross pipelines have actually gotten larger. So we continue to drive toward our long-term vision, long-term optimism totally intact. But we are carefully watching the range of short-term factors out there. And we are taking proactive, defensive measures. Basically that means we will be using the same short-term caution that we have exercised positively during past difficult times. But we have taken them to greater levels due to the current situation. Specifically, we have been aggressively managing salary and headcount expense. And the whole range of discretionary costs of marketing, events, travel, and incremental IT infrastructures. And we are continually scale the company to the evolving realities of the business to solidify our foundation. Over the long term we have demonstrated our ability to grow the top line in accordance with the guidance. But also to maintain solid margins and an optimal earnings profile. And that's basically what we are taking to new levels going forward. With that, I will turn it over to Maria Shields, our CFO, and she will provide you with a more detailed look at our financials. Maria?
Maria Shields: Okay. Thanks, Jim. I'm just going to spend a few minutes to go through some of the financial highlights as they relate to Q4 and the annual expense results, as well as some balance sheet and operating cash flow highlights. So we will start off with cost of sales, excluding acquisition-related amortization, and the impact of stock-based compensation, which combined totaled $9.9 million, cost of sales for the fourth quarter totaled $15.5 million, compared to $15.4 million in the fourth quarter of '07. Which resulted in an overall non-GAAP gross profit margin of 89% for the fourth quarter. And on an annual basis, 2008 non-GAAP cost of sales, which excluded $28.3 million of acquisition-related amortization and stock-based compensation, totaled $53.2 million versus $56.5 million in 2007 resulting in an 87% non-GAAP gross profit margin for 2008. Looking ahead, we are currently targeting non-GAAP gross profit margin in the 87% to 89% range. Taking a look on the SG&A front for the fourth quarter, total expenses which, if you exclude $2 million of stock-based compensation expense, were $39.9 million that compares to $32.7 million in 2007. SG&A expenses, excluding $8 million in stock-based compensation, were $126.9 million compared with $108.8 million in 2007. Looking ahead, we plan to continue to make investments in areas that we deem to be critical to strengthening our global sales and business infrastructure to support improved productivity, scalability, and future growth. In the area of research and development, total expenses for the quarter, net of approximately $800,000 relating to stock-based comps, were $18 million, and that compares to $15.1 million in Q4 of last year. For 2008 the total investment in R&D, excluding $2.9 million of stock-based compensation expense, reached $68.7 million versus $54.4 million for 2007. Looking at 2009, we are currently targeting a low to mid teens range relative to our ongoing investment in R&D. For the fourth quarter and for 2008, we delivered a solid non-GAAP operating profit margin of 48.8% and 47.5%, respectively. Admittedly, these are above what we had planned coming out of the gates in 2008. In the previous calls throughout this year we have consistently communicated that we had consciously adjusted or held back on various aspects of our original 2008 planned spend, particularly in the first half in the anticipation of the Ansoft acquisition. And then subsequent to closing, as we worked our way through various integration issues. Given everything that's transpired since then in retrospect, those decisions helped to set the foundation for our strong operating margins and non-GAAP earnings performance in Q4, despite the macro economy. As is the case with most companies in the world today, we are aggressively managing our spending to maintain earnings growth in line with sales momentum. Having said all that, one of our top priorities has always been and will continue to be customer satisfaction. We are committed to continuing to deliver the most advanced simulation solutions to our customers. As you may have seen in this morning's earnings release, the fourth quarter results did include approximately $2 million or $0.02 per share of incremental tax benefits related to the reinstatement of the R&D credit in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead into 2009, we are currently planning for an overall non-GAAP consolidated tax rate in the range of 35% to 37%. For the fourth quarter, ANSYS reported non-GAAP EPS of $0.50, and that's on 93.2 million diluted shares compared to $0.44 on 81.7 million shares in the fourth quarter of '07. And for the full year, non-GAAP EPS increased to $1.76 on 86.8 million diluted shares versus $1.34 on 81.1 million shares in 2007. So to summarize, the key factors impacting our Q4 operational performance, we had organic revenue growth of 5% or 9% in constant currencies. This is off a very strong comparable Q4 of 2007. The Q4 results include negative impacts from currency of approximately $5.4 million at the revenue line and $2.1 million at the operating income level. We had strong gross profit and operating margins. Our results included a full quarter of revenue and profits from Ansoft but also included the negative impacts of the interest expense and the additional shares issued in conjunction with the deal. And we experienced an incremental $0.02 in tax benefits related to the R&D credit in the US, and that compares to $0.04 of incremental tax benefits in the fourth quarter of last year. Taking a quick look at the year-end balance sheet, it remains very strong. Cash and short-term investments at $234 million, consolidated DSO at a healthy 43 days, and we had record combined operating cash flows of $61.7 million in the fourth quarter and $196.7 million in 2008. This enabled us to pay down $76 million of the original $355 million in debt under a five-year credit facility that we entered into to partially fund the Ansoft deal. Effective February 1st, the debt carries an effective rate of LIBOR plus one. Which is expected to ultimately migrate to a lower rate tier as we utilize the operating cash flows to pay down the debt and reduce our leverage. And I also wanted to point out that we did enter into an interest rate swap agreement in the third quarter to mitigate the variability in the interest rate fluctuations on a portion of that debt. And the average rate going into Q1 is about 4.1% excluding amortization of loan fees. I would like to also remind everyone that we currently have an improved share buyback plan in place that allows for the repurchase of up to 3.4 million shares. We did repurchase approximately 368,000 shares in the fourth quarter at an average price of about $27.14. As we saw in Q4 and more importantly are projecting into 2009, given our level of international business, our 2009 results will be negatively impacted by currency, particularly on the Euro and British pound front, with some slightly positive benefits from the current rate on the Japanese yen. In our outlook we are assuming that rates stay in roughly the same range as the recent spot rates or in the $1.25 to $1.30 range for the Euro, $1.40 to $1.45 for the British pound and $0.90 to $0.95 for the Japanese yen. As rates continue to change in the future, we'll modulate our outlook accordingly and trust that you will also take this into consideration as you update your models and projections. Jim, turn the call back over to you. 
Jim Cashman: Okay. Thank you. Okay. So to recap, first, above all, continued good, diversified financial performance of all the major parameters of the business revenue, earnings, margin, cash flow, business pace. Even in light of the current environment and hazier visibility. Secondly, progress on Ansoft integration. Third, sustained customer interest marked by activity on a broad front. You know, geographic, industry, commitment levels, albeit the customers going through increased discretion cycles themselves. And then a rapidly expanding product portfolio augmented by partnerships and relationships and technology distribution in customers. It's just dramatically increased with the inclusion of Ansoft. So the long-term outlook stays bullish even in light of the current environment. For 2009 we are adjusting our preliminary guidance from last year, based on the newest data and the undeniable market deterioration over the past few months. To begin, we are reiterating what we said last time in terms of the yearly contour, where Q1 will be restrained as customers sit on the sidelines to evaluate whether new government actions will be effective. Based on what we have seen, we are expecting some stabilization and improvement toward the latter half of the year but whole a lot.  In the short-term, we will focus on effective revenue attainment, which is another way of saying pushing on the road. The focus will be on prudent growth and maintaining our earnings trajectory. To map it out, this means, first, the long-term premise and opportunity is still there, and we have the best technology to meet them. Secondly, we will be doing more aggressive cost measures, particularly those that don't hurt the long-term premise in response to the economic uncertainty. At the floor of assumptions we continue to have a solid business with good, recurring revenues, and marquee customer relationships, all of which combine for good net income and cash flows. We will be focusing on maintaining strong operating margins from about mid-40's early year to upper 40's at the end of the year, while continuing to build our annuity base of recurring revenues and expanding at the maximum rate allowed by the macro market conditions. So what does all this equate to in terms of numbers? Well, given the turbulence, our projections will have a wider spread than we usually do. For the quarter, we are looking at revenue range of $122 million to $130 million, which equates to an earnings range of $0.33 to $0.39, after absorbing the adverse currency. It should continue to modestly build throughout the year barring an unforeseen market surge or other directions. We don't know how quickly. We are currently projecting revenues in the $530 million to $590 million range again, which is a wider uncertainty spread than last November. Consequently, our earnings projections are in the $1.54 to $1.85 range. And reflects some of the cautionary measures that we put in place without sacrificing the long-term thesis. The guidance is cognizant of the number of unknowns out there. There are some things we have no control over; macro economy, government, tax policies, currency. But our guidance is based on the model that allows us to balance our cost structures. Again, without hindering any ability to capture revenue upside when it occurs combined with our repeatable business base, diversified, geographic footprint, and world-class customer base and our deferred revenues. We are utilizing the same business model that's allowed us to weather a wide range of economic situations over the last decade. So, we plan to focus on strong margins, good cash flow, and optimal earnings during that time.  And as I mentioned, we are very selectively ramping up subsets of our models, particularly in the sales realm, to take advantage of market opportunities as they occur. So we will continually monitor shorter term market factors on a global basis as we demonstrated over the past few years.  And with that, I am prepared to handle any specific questions that you may have. 
Operator:   Thank you, Mr. Cashman. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Greg Dunham with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, sir. Your line is open.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank:   Thanks for taking my question. I do want to focus on that last bit about the winding the guidance range. Given the amount of leased business and the much smaller piece of now perpetual license business, I am getting to at least the 20-point swing in expectations. You mentioned that you are including some stabilization in the business, but not a whole lot. I think was your exact quote. My question is, what kind of close rates would you need to have, what kind of improvement in close rates would you need to have to hit your high end, and how much of deterioration in close rates would you need to have at the low end? 
Jim Cashman:   Well, like I said, we were not predicting a whole lot of improvement or hoping for a lot of that. So we are building that in, the bottom line is there is unpredictability. And anybody that tells you there isn't should really be scrutinized. We have less unpredictability for many companies because of the recurring rate that we have built for year upon year. And we have also demonstrated over that same period the ability to capture any available upside revenue. So, our major customers are the ones that are most likely to invest. So, we have that and by this we are not placing any bets on how long or what those are. But with this we can buffer the short-term, be able to meet almost any demand. A couple things also to factor in is that by virtue of the Ansoft business being more skewed toward paid up, having a much lower base recurring rate that alone adds in certain levels of unpredictability. But you also have the same situations that are spread out by the macro climate. So, essentially we tried to build upon the [loans] we have with the recurring business space, holding some of the assumptions that we have seen in terms of close rates which are a little bit down, not expecting them to climb much in the first half of the year even. But in Q3, it's kind of a toss-up because we have said for years it's always that one with all the vacation patterns. It's slightly less predictable.  And in Q4, starting to open up a little bit, hopefully by that time there is a little less sitting on the sidelines, to see what packages and interventions various governments are going to do. But, we are not expecting it, if there is a big, major positive change, we still have the products to be able to meet that. Obviously, software has to be done well in advance. It doesn't done on a three-month cycle. So, we are really prepared to take advantage of that. However, we are not building cost structures assuming that that's going to happen. We are doing it basically. Keep in mind, 37% of our 2008 business came in the form of paid-ups. So, we do have that which provides that unpredictability. That's the portion that's most affected by the uncertainty out there. But we are still basing this off a strong deferred balance and recurring revenue base. And as I mentioned before, we have not seen really even major, modest changes in the renewal rates or the commitment of that. So, all that nets out to the solid foundation, but again that we have to build cost structures that aren't based on a hope of when that economy might have. But we have got the products ready to go when it does happen. 
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank:   So, one quick follow-up. I guess it sounds like you are not baking in a big second-half recovery in the economy to even at the high end to summarize. But the follow-up would be, the deferred revenue was very strong this quarter, my expectations. Any comments on renewals, what you are seeing there and any impact from the economy? 
Jim Cashman:   I am sorry. (inaudible). No. What I have been saying is because that's one of the first things we track. Renewal rates have continued to be quite strong. And that would be one of the things that we would also look at. It's one thing about people slowing down the acquisition and expansion of technology versus the jettisoning of others. And basically, we have seen that.  But I think one thing that is particularly telling is that, I mentioned that we had seven figure orders in 2007. But they were largely, major acquisitions of new technology. In 2008, we had a few seven figure orders, but they tended to be incredibly skewed toward building the deferred balance. And this was happening even at the end of the year as companies were already starting to sense that. So, the basic thing is a lot of the recurring base currently is staying and what we are observing right now indicates that that's good. But your earlier comment, I didn't mean to gloss over that. You basically alluded to the fact that, no, our business plans do not assume that there is going to be a magic recovery. If there is, we are in great shape to be able to participate in that. But we are not counting on that in our cost structures. That's what I meant by looking at the margins and the other things. So, we can go up from that standpoint, but apart from the economy versus the close rate, those things are linked, but they are not identically the same. Even if the economy is down, we could see some increase in closure rates as at least customers see more light at the end of the tunnel. It's also not guaranteed. 
Operator:   And our next question comes from Sterling Audi from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Sterling Audi - JP Morgan:   Thanks, hi guys. Looking at the guidance, specifically for the March quarter versus December quarter results, can you comment were there any deals that actually you closed early? In other words, did you pull forward any deals to hit the December numbers? 
Jim Cashman:   Not really. I mean, there's always I mean, keep in mind there's always, particularly at this scale of business, there's always a couple of things that slip forward and if anything, I would say that we had less that moved forward this period. And I think it was largely because a lot of people were waiting to see, okay, well there's going to be some policy shifts that may or may not affect, we don't want to be the first in the queue and get caught unaware. We start to see that additional discretion being done in the latter parts of Q4. And we saw them continuing. If anything, even getting a little stronger in Q1 as new governments took hold and what will happen with various actions that are going on. And so we did see that slowing down. But even if the economy doesn't pick up, there are certain elements of the uncertainty that become at least more certain as time goes on. We really just don't know. So we are not banking on any prediction of wholesale trends in that. 
Sterling Audi - JP Morgan:   Okay. And could you comment in terms of what you saw in the quarter in terms of pricing versus the number of seats. Meaning, did you see increased discounting or lower prices to close deals and offset by a high number of seats, or did pricing hold consistent and then the seat count came in relatively stable to your expectation? 
Jim Cashman:   Actually, what I mentioned and I meant to say this earlier, if I didn't, I will apologize to everybody. The ASP's of all our mainline products stayed basically the same. In fact, I think they were even slightly up from last Q4. You always have to kind of look at the seasonal kind of adjustments. There were at the low end, basically they were stable. They were flat at the low end other than the fact that we have normal purchase decisions that are not part of any discounting methodology. They are just part of volume purchase when people do mass desktop deployments. So we saw those be very stable. So, in general, the discounting, at least any major discounting that would have to cross by approvals at this level, they weren't coming through there, albeit customers were talking about budget pressures during that thing. But there really wasn't any major trend in that direction. 
Operator:   And we will take our next question from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead, sir, your line is open. 
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird:   Thank you. I was wondering if you could give us some kind of insight into what you are expecting for Ansoft in terms of revenue contribution for the first quarter and for the full-year. 
Jim Cashman:   Well, the first thing I would like to say is that in general, Ansoft has been traditionally more of a high technical content sale to those particular class of end users. And they have been more linked, or at least more drawn economically to cycles in the electronics industry. As such, historically if you look back at the numbers, you would see how it tends to follow some of that trend. And since again, they are a greater proportion of paid-up licenses, of course, that tends to exacerbate the impact of that. With that in mind, in the Q1 we are looking at the low to mid-20s roughly. And for 2009, we are looking north of $100 million but south of $120 million if you looked at kind of a range. 
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird:   Very helpful. Thanks. And in terms of maintenance, would you expect that to increase in dollars sequentially in the first quarter of '09? 
Jim Cashman:   Basically what I talked about again, we are doing is even if there is unpredictability in the paid-up line, gross pipelines increasing, anecdotally customer demand albeit filtered via our sales entities going and improving. There is unpredictability there because of the flow of paper coming through. However, in the recurring base, keep in mind that first of all, we have got pretty strong renewal rates, and it tends to build up overtime, benefiting from the previous sales that have happened before. So we would expect that to stay pretty solid and start to move up. But there is a couple of other things. For instance, we have the Ansoft standpoints. So again, I think some of that you will see in the non-GAAP even if it's there's that non-GAAP, GAAP recognition in some of that. And again, as I have mentioned the previous sales bump. So, that's what I meant by continuing to, even at the floor of our assumptions we have got a solid foundation. We have got, I think, really good recurring revenues solidifying all this. And we have been trying to pay pretty close attention just to see if we see a trend line toward people saying, we can't even afford to remain and frankly, we haven't seen that to this point. Did that cover you? Hello? 
Operator:   And our next question comes from Mark Schappel with the Benchmark Company. Please go ahead, your line is open. 
Mark Schappel - Benchmark Company:   Hi. Good morning, along with the previous question, Jim, if you could give us a sense of what your assumptions are for organic revenue growth in the core business for 2009. 
Jim Cashman:   Well basically, there's still going to be a lot of license sales going through. But if you look at the core growth, it's probably going to be at the low end, relatively flat, probably at the mid-point still, a little bit, and upper single digits at the upper end. And by the way, I will mention that that's all excluding currency effects. And the comparables are going to be or the currency impact is going to be pretty steep. I mean, unless currencies take another extreme left turn over the next few months. 
Mark Schappel - Benchmark Company:   Thank you. 
Operator:   And our next question comes from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead, sir, your line is open. 
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:   Yes. Thank you. As you did on the last call, can you comment on whether or not there is any long-term deferred revenues and/or what may be from Ansoft? 
Jim Cashman:   Well, first of all, there is some deferred from Ansoft, not at traditional ANSYS levels. That's essentially based on the revenue recognition things. But that will show up in our non-GAAP. Now in the long term, yes, we do have a small amount which I think is around seven a little under $8 million in terms of long-term defer. And again, we only count that if it's money and commitments that we have received. Not contractual things that talk about multi-year but that we haven't been paid for.  So yes, there is some of that that shows up. Probably, I think somewhere, can you check me on this? It's probably around $25 million in terms of an Ansoft total that we would see in the equivalent non-GAAP deferred revenue balances. 
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:   And that number is not in the 166 I think it is? 
Jim Cashman:   Well, if you look at the 166, the $7.7 million is not there. I believe in the non-GAAP that the Ansoft $25 million is in fact there. 
Operator:   Our next question comes from Ross Macmillan with Jefferies. Please go ahead, sir, your line is open. 
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Company:   Thanks. So just really going back on to kind of mix and the guidance, historically, lease revenues, leased licenses have been flat to slightly up into Q1 and then for each subsequent quarter to a year up sequentially. Should we expect to see the same pattern this coming year? In other words, I guess the question is there's no change to that renewal rate on leases. 
Jim Cashman:   The renewal rates, no change, I mean, very little change. I am sure there are microscopic changes. But in general, holistically, very little change. If you look in aggregate, we would not see a major shift in there. But I will put two caveats. First of all is the effect of the blending of the Ansoft business, which really historically was not lease based or very little at all. And the secondary standpoint, and this is one that we are just preparing for because it did happen, it did happen post 9/11 and during that dot.com bubble burst standpoint where short-term people were doing leases even when they normally would be purchasers of licenses. With the idea that ultimately they would change that when things became a little more flexible from their standpoint. So, we have been hearing in this corner that maybe some of that is happening. I don't think it's going to be a huge impact, but we really don't know. And the bottom line is as long we are getting customers, building that foundation, it adds the recurring base. It adds to a whole range of things. You know, all things equal, we are just happy when they acquire more software.  Maria, did you see anything different from your perspective? 
Maria Shields:   Yes, Ross, one thing that we have been hearing from the field is that from both the channel and the direct sales force is some of what we are starting to see in Q1 is as companies let go of some of their engineering and perhaps outsource some of their problems to consulting firms, those consulting firms tend to lease because they are not long-duration contracts, they are more fixed term. So, we are seeing some trend, particularly on the low end, in the trend towards the lease model. But you won't see the impact of that until moving into Q2, Q3, and Q4. 
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Company:   So, just to be clear, that impact that we are talking about is potentially an accelerator for the leased piece, right, versus the paid up or perpetual, that's what we are talking about? 
Maria Shields:   Yes. 
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Company:   So if anything, that sequential trend could begin to almost accelerate relative? 
Maria Shields:   Right. 
Jim Cashman:   I would say build. I think accelerate may be that’s why a second derivative. 
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Company:   Fair enough. 
Maria Shields:   Yes, because of how the lease revenue recognition transpires. 
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Company:   I understand. On the Ansoft side, it was helpful giving the numbers there, Jim. I just am curious. I think that business historically was 20% into semi OEM and then 80% to electronics, both consumer and then industrial. But is it fair to say that [unmass] the whole thing is going to be basically impacted by some of the trends that we are seeing in the electronics industry today? And is that really as you are thinking as you think about the current year? 
Jim Cashman:   No. That a probably pretty good aggregate. The general trend of what you said, the 20/80, that's pretty close. I don't want, I am sure it would be something to that. And yes, it has been more associated with those purchase patterns. The one thing I can say pretty certain is that as we continue the integration efforts and those are things you just don't turn on a light switch and it happens. But as they continue on, it tends to start to get more traction in some of the broader mainstream accounts, which tend to be the bigger names. But that's something that allows us additional optimism for the future. But again, not banking on that wholesale thing going on, we do see some of the effects that you just mentioned in terms of the electronics industry and the previous selling models. 
Operator:   Our next question comes from Steve Koenig with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Go ahead, sir. Your line is open.
Steven Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets:   Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. 
Jim Cashman:   No problem. 
Steven Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets:   I would like to understand a little bit better. I was struck by the growth in Europe in Q4. And I would like to understand a little bit about what drove that and what you are expecting going forward, maybe in your guidance at the low end and the high end. And related to that, Jim, did your constant currency numbers, can you quantify the Ansoft contribution, if any, in that? 
Jim Cashman:   Well, if we are talking about Europe, keep in mind the Ansoft business historically in Europe was quite low. So it had its biggest impact in Asia-Pacific for us. But to put things in perspective, yes, there's no doubt that if we look at the Q4 business geographic, if you look at it was positive in an organic sense even in light of the currency impact. So, I don't know if you were asking the question, why it was as high as it was or why it wasn't higher. In general, we were quite happy with that. And again, it was driven by all of the basic core premises that we talked about. It was dragged down even more proportionately from the fact that the British pound really took a pretty significant drubbing, even more so than the Euro, at least in our standpoint. If you look at the overall year, of course, it was, again the same standpoint, but I would say that if you look at it, it's probably fairly similar throughout the year, a lot of differences. Keep in mind when we were always downplaying the Europe growth, when we were getting the currency bump, and when you flattened out all of that it was fairly consistent. Now there was a slight bump from an Ansoft component, but it really was only a few million in terms of revenue upside. 
Steven Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Markets:   Jim, if I may just then inquire about your expectation for 2009, how do you kind of factor Europe into that and how do you think about growth with constant currency relative to North America.  
Jim Cashman:   In constant currency, I think it will be kind of on par with the overall standpoint. It's got a disproportionate chance of upside. But in our range, it could be slightly negative to the single digits kind of standpoint. But again, in constant currency that comes up quite a bit. So, if we look at it still building, building a lot of foundational growth, a lot of recurring revenue base, and building customer and market share during that timeframe, and again, if the economic uncertainties each of which has its own little microcosm even though they are all factored by the macro, each local geography has a slightly different story. The net trend is that when any one of those pop up, we do have the ability to grab them. But we are applying basically the same methodologies, somewhat modulated by the things we are hearing from the field. But again, not banking on those and certainly not building them into the cost structure. Europe still continues to be a very strong market. We have got a strong organization there. Yes, we are fighting the currency headwinds and the overall macro standpoint. But in terms of ongoing customer attainment, building solidity of business, it's still a good part of our business. 
Operator:   And our next question comes from Blair Abernathy with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please go ahead, your line is open. 
Blair Abernathy - Thomas Weisel Partners:   Thank you. Just another question on the electrical business. Jim, I am just wondering two things here. Can you comment around now that you have had your hands around the business for awhile, what are you seeing in terms of end markets? Are your customers buying primarily? How is applying behavior in coming out of the R&D budgets versus the CapEx budgets for your customers? And then secondly, how are you looking at shifting the Ansoft model to more of a lease model from a paid-up model? Sort of what are you doing to drive that? 
Jim Cashman:   Well, first of all, first of all historically we have never done anything to sway lease versus license. We try to provide a number of options out there that allow people to buy and sometimes in different timeframes as they want. So, that normally follows the contour of the decisions of the purchasing company. And by the way, that's why you are seeing a very stable lease base as opposed to one that fluctuates and swings to create a different financial picture. At the end of the day, we just want more people utilizing the software and build this particular base. Now given that, as we get into the broader base and Ansoft becomes more spread out with the broader ANSYS customer base, obviously some of the things that might have been procured by those companies favoring lease, they will probably shift more toward, I mean continue to be lease as they augment their products with Ansoft. I think those are the only dynamics you are going to see. Nothing artificial that we are doing. Now in these timeframes, I think you asked the question about capital budgets versus R&D spending, which clearly, of course, is different than IT spending. But I need to decouple the R&D spending unless my colleague disagrees here. There's one issue of R&D, are they going to have access, are they going to invest in it? Now in some cases then even subject to that, if they decide that they need to invest in this for their product innovations, then the question is how do they finance that and do they do it through capital which normally comes from corporate approvals. And if that happens, then the normal purchasing thing happens. Very often if for some reason capital budgets are restrained, that's disproportionately they will do a short-term lease from their budget to be able to get access to the capabilities and go forward. And I think there was a final question, a focus on this on the patterns we see in terms of the electronics industry. And the only thing I will say is that in general, the OEMs follow one cycle, but a lot of our customers, you look at the amount of electronics content that's going into a lot of their new product innovations. We see it with, like I said, the alternate drive systems, safety and control systems and things like that. And when that happens, that's an awful lot of places where innovations are happening either to gain market advantage or to comply with government mandates, be they funded or unfunded. So we start to see some of those things happening, but again, we are only a handful of months into this and in a real complex environment. So, we want to make sure that we are maintaining the elements of the good business while also maximizing what we can get on the confluence of those. 
Blair Abernathy - Thomas Weisel Partners:   Okay, great. Thank you. 
Jim Cashman:   Okay. 
Operator:   And our next question comes from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead, sir, your line is open. 
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:   Yes. Thank you for taking me again. Wondering if you could break down the business for the year by industry. I don't know if you have that. 
Jim Cashman:   Are you talking about the 2008, actually for 2009, we don't know. That's one level of uncertainty. For 2008 we still sort through some of that information. So, we basically don't have that at this particular case. But I will say there's a number of camps, as I mentioned, we saw growth in all industries, even the ones that you would say, that's counterintuitive. You say auto industry is hurting, to still see that growing. The proportions of the pie between the industries might change, but I would say that we are safely within the bounds that there's no industry that accounts for more than 20% of our revenues. That diversification element still persists. Again, we don't have we are not top heavy in any customer or things along that line. So, we continue to diversify. If you look at it, as I mentioned, energy sectors became continuing to grow. We see some actually interest in that may be premature. But some of the research going on in the biomed industry and actually applying simulation techniques to that is good. As I mentioned, the portfolio for airline efficiency, things like that, the turbo and aero industries, they are needing to squeeze out efficiencies, that was going up. Also efficiency in defense that seems to when there's major programs, we do well with that. When there's dwindling programs and competitiveness increases and tends to increase.  And I also mentioned that some of the infrastructure aspects and heavy equipment elements are in fact going down. Probably chemical processing and things like that, maybe slightly down a little bit, at least as a percentage of the pie. But this is all very preliminary information, and keeping in mind that we've just kind of gone through all of the basic financial processing for the year. Something like that. That's something that we start to look at in earnest. You know, just to refresh the information. I can give you information that was six months old, but that really wouldn't answer the question you just asked for total year. 
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:   Okay. That's fine. Do you have any customer that's more than 5% of your revenues? 
Jim Cashman:   Off the top of my head no. It's kind of like that was my earlier question saying there's no customer where we are top heavy. And even if you looked at the lists of the top 25 and the top 50, I will give the same disclaimer of looking through and being able to take time to sort through some of the numbers. But there's nothing that's really made major changes along that line. So, if you took top customer, top 25, top 50, and say what's the exposure, the lumpiness of that, really not a lot of exposure there. 
Operator:   And our next question comes from David Hines with Needham and Company. Please go ahead, sir, your line is open. 
D.J. Richards - Needham and Company:   Hi, thanks a lot guys, this is D.J. Richards. He has been trying to dial in. I don't know he is having trouble. But I will ask the question in his place. 
Jim Cashman:   Sure. 
D.J. Richards - Needham and Company:   Jim, can you help me, I guess just thinking about the seasonality of the Ansoft business. Historically, they have been they were an April fiscal and that was just historically their strongest quarter. 
Jim Cashman:   Yes. 
D.J. Richards - Needham and Company:   You mentioned earlier your expectations, I guess, for revenues. In the kind of low 20% range, which would imply a pretty significant down year-over-year, in the range, I guess, of 30% plus. I guess have there been efforts on your end to realign sales incentives to remove some of that seasonality, or is it in fact I guess you guys are just expecting.  
Jim Cashman:   I got to tell you, You lost me on the 20% and 30% kind of numbers maybe. But in terms of the only thing we do, if you look at the contours of the ANSYS business overtime, we tried to predicate that on having steady, sustainable business, high, recurring revenues and the like. And from that standpoint, basically removing some of the hockey stick impact both inter-quarter and intra-quarter standpoints. That's still something that we want to continue to build. In terms of trying to inordinately create that, trying to hit a bunch of microswitches and get a lot of unintended consequences. There's not major groundswells in that. In terms of the overall business model that allows that to grow, it's a little, we still see that evolution toward the model. But not by trying to do an abrupt slamming of it. But, I want to go back to that one thing. I didn't quite understand when you said 20%.  
D.J. Richards - Needham and Company:   So you had mentioned Ansoft revenues coming in the low 20s, I think you had said. 
Jim Cashman:   Low to mid-20's for Q1. 
D.J. Richards - Needham and Company:   And I think they did roughly $34 million in the March '08 quarter. So that would imply a nearly down 30% quarter. 
Jim Cashman:   Again, what you are seeing is the comparable. Quite frankly, when you see a lot of com plans, they are geared toward the end of the year, and so that particular thing changes quite a bit. Do you have anything, Maria, maybe you have a different take or maybe you are hearing it differently.  
Maria Shields:   No. I think D.J., one clarification, they didn't have a March quarter end, they had an April quarter end. 
D.J. Richards - Needham and Company:   Four million in the quarter ending April. 
Maria Shields:   And part of their year-end is also influenced by April being the first month of the new budget year for Japan. 
D.J. Richards - Needham and Company:   Got it. Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. 
Jim Cashman:   Yes. I think it's one of those things we don't necessarily want to read anything into a very small time slice. It's kind of like it's 30% hotter here in Pittsburgh than it was the same day last year. That doesn't mean that Pittsburgh on total is 30% hotter. 
D.J. Richards - Needham and Company:   Sure. Okay. 
Operator:   Our next question comes from Sanil Daptardar with Sentinel Investment. Please go ahead sir, your line is open. 
Sanil Daptardar - Sentinel Investment:   Thanks. Jim, on the guidance first. When I look at the prior guidance, particularly after the third-quarter conference call, and today's guidance it's about $60 million shortfall on the mid-point. How much of that shortfall you can characterize it because of the currency effect and because of the economy? And if it's because of the economy, how much of that might be a shortfall on Ansoft? 
Jim Cashman:   First of all, basically the entire, if you look at the fundamentals of the business and the customer relationships and thing like that that we have, basically there is not much change even from the trajectory. So what that means is virtually all of it is the economy and you can kind of almost then compute. After the economy takes hold and all of that is reflected in, you can almost back out to what the currency impact was. But it is, it's all macro and that's why we are saying we're not going to change the world economy, but we can continue to build off our solid foundation of business and continue to generate good cash flows and net income. When things start to recover, whatever timeframe that is, we are to do that. And then was there was a sub-question on Ansoft. I am sorry. I forgot. 
Sanil Daptardar - Sentinel Investment:   Yes. It wasn't kind of broken down into currency. What was the shortfall because of the currency and because of the economy. And if it's because of the economy, what would have been the portion that would have attributed to Ansoft? 
Jim Cashman:   Basically, it would follow the same standpoint. Probably not as much because of the stronger Asia-Pacific business, the strong Japan thing. It's just because something had a major shift over the last year doesn't necessarily mean it's going to follow that same trend for the next year. But again, if you look at it actually Ansoft had a pretty similar kind of percent of international business, albeit in different parts of the globe. And from that standpoint, that actually provides us a little diversification, too. But you will see in aggregate the same kind of trends. I think the evolution away from being a follower largely following the electronics industry is something you will see ameliorate over time though. 
Operator:   It appears there are no further questions in the queue at this time. Mr.Cashman, I would like to turn the conference back over to you for additional or closing comments. 
Jim Cashman:   Okay. Well thanks, everyone. So, basically from what I have just said here, the emphasis is going to be a continued focus on execution in tough times and effective integration, which a lot of you have alluded to here. Basically, it's supported by the history I think we have demonstrated over the years. So, customer acceptance of our existing vision, unique value proposition, expansion of our product portfolio with the release of R12 coming up and the addition of Ansoft, basically only bolster that enthusiasm even while we are in the middle of what everybody is in the middle of. So, basically we continue to be propelled by a strong combination of solid business model which is providing that foundation for us. We have got loyal customers. We have talked about the fact that their retention and renewal has remained high. We have got the channel partners that have been with us through a number of different economic cycles over the years. We have got great technology as a result of many, many years of accumulated R&D and again, all of the employees that got us to that point. So, well armed for defensive purposes through this. And also with the products and organization ready to be able to rise up with the economy as it happens. And maybe even a little bit above that. So, basically I would like to thank everybody for the call. And see you next quarter. 
Operator:   This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-07 10:30:00) =====
Executives: James E. Cashman III - President, CEO and Director Maria T. Shields - CFO, VP - Finance and Administration
Analysts: Richard Davis - Needham & Company Andrew Matorin - JP Morgan Barbara Coffey - Kaufman Bros. Mark Schappel - Benchmark Woo Jin Ho - Merrill Lynch Jack Miller - Robert W. Baird Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Market Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co. David Schneider - Axiom International
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the ANSYS Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of the call. Today's conference is being recorded at the request of ANSYS Incorporated. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your speaker for this morning's call, Mr. Jim Cashman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Cashman, you may begin.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Okay, thanks Trisha. Good morning and welcome everybody to the ANSYS call for Q3 2008. We plan to announce another solid quarter and with me today to help me do that is our CFO, Maria Shields. I'm sure this is going to be an interest agenda and discussion today, but we plan on going through our usual outline of the highlights of the quarter and year-to-date in summary fashion and of course we'll go into greater depth on all the operational results and are also go into some discussion of some quality factors which accentuate our long-term optimism, as well as some firewalls that we put in place during this time of current upheaval or confusion in the market. In general, the value proposition of our offerings remain quite strong, as essentially how tangible a value that we bring to our customers through these results is real in both good and bad times. And this value has been reinforced by our completion of the Ansoft acquisition on July 31st. In the short amount of time, since then we've already been able to start our integration efforts. Now in the course of this, Maria will then update you on our line item expense performance, balance sheet, cash flows and provide an update on our current outlook on earnings. We'll then go into projections for the remainder of this year, and our outlook for 2009. And after discussing those topics, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. So let's get started. Maria, our Safe Harbor Statement, if you please?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: Okay, thanks Jim. Good morning and again thank you everyone for joining us to review the highlights of ANSYS's third quarter results. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that our third quarter results include two months of Ansoft operations, following the successful close of the acquisition on July 31st. Also during the course of this conference call, some matters that will be discussed that's either part of the prepared remarks or in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements that involves risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance, as there are potential risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These are discussed at length in our corporate filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Any forward-looking statements are based upon the company's best judgment as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. Also during the course of this call, we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide supplemental information to our GAAP disclosures. A discussion and full reconciliation of GAAP financial measures to comparable non-GAAP measures is included in this morning's earnings release and the related Form 8-K. Now with that all covered, I'll turn it back over to Jim. He's going to go through an overview of third quarter and year-to-date performance on a number of fronts including profit as it relates to the Ansoft acquisition, as well as our current outlook for the remainder of 2008 and fiscal 2009. Jim?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Okay. Let's start with the overall summary. So basically, Q3 business results saw continued strong performance at virtually all aspects of the ANSYS business. It represented a result above the upper ends of the range of our non-GAAP revenue guidance and above our earnings guidance as well. Now as always, the numbers that we're are using are non-GAAP. This is a historically consistent passion that we've taken. Non-GAAP earnings include the add back for purchase accounting treatment of acquired differed revenue, our acquisition related amortization and stock based compensation adjustments for 2007 and 2008 as detailed in our earnings announcement. So to those of you who are new to our history, since we have moved into some new indexes after acquisition from a GAAP perspective, we actually in parenthesis, of course kind of lose some of the deferred revenue from leases and maintenance. But the business is still there, the cash is there and the revenue typically reduced at a very high rate. So that's the reason we make those distinctions. So in our non-GAAP numbers, we treat the business out as if it was in fact there, so as to not to deflate the current year's business or to artificially inflate subsequent year's growth. This has been our methodology for years, and we feel it gives the most accurate and historically comparable representation of the underlying business performance. So with that said, from a high level perspective, this will begin a very solid quarter even in these tougher economic times and off of a strong comparable. For the quarter, we reported solid financial performance with non-GAAP revenues of $128.8 million. This represents a 37% increase from the last Q3's 94 million. This is a little over our guidance of the $123 to $127 billion rates and as Maria mentioned earlier, keep in mind; this does include two months of Ansoft revenue. So if we exclude all that, the organic growth was 19% or 17% in constant currencies. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 39% with non-GAAP EPS of $0.43, up from last Q3's comparable $0.31. And this was also above our guidance in the analyst consensus. Now just as in the past few years, our non-GAAP revenue and EPS performance for the quarter and they're both primarily a direct consequence of strong top line performance, which is then driven by increasing customer adoption, but we're also aided by positive vectors in the Ansoft integration and our own longstanding disciplined approach to spending. All major aspects of the business performed well. There is double digit growth in each geography and product line. We saw continued strong growth in operating margins, cash flows, the business model was essentially stable. Basically, every metric was positive. We saw continued acceleration of customer engagements that included expansions in our major accounts, and the addition of many new customers. We even saw a few of the seven figure orders, which contributed a little bit to new license business for the quarter, but disproportionately contributed to building the differed revenue balance. There was a continued expansion of portfolio sales and cross selling, something that we expect to cultivate with Ansoft over the next few years. On an anecdotal basis, customers are still been saying that even in tougher economic times, there's a heightened need for product innovation and... but they're not ramping down. Furthermore, they generally feel that they cannot achieve this mission with lower end or less capable solutions, and this is one element of our longstanding story that I guess sometimes escapes the listing community, but it's also one that's seen us through a wide of economic conditions while still filling critical customer needs. So if we just focus on the operations for a few minutes, as previously mentioned, the non-GAAP revenue for the quarter was $128.8 million, again 37% over the $94 million in Q3 in 2007. The third quarter revenue results may include a $1.6 million in positive currency benefit, as well as $17.1 million from Ansoft. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings for the quarter grew 39% to $0.43 up from $0.31 per share in Q3 of 2007. Actually this marks the 44th consecutive quarter that non-GAAP EPS have never exceeded consensus, actually exceeding in this case. Overall non-GAAP operating margins for the quarter were 45.6%. This is a little down from past quarters but also a little above the expected blended operating margins with the Ansoft. The extra performance was partially due to the increased top line performance, and a bit also due to some positive integration performance. Non-GAAP gross margins continued inline with our business model at a healthy 87% with pretty much the same story as the net margins. We also saw strong continued cash flows from operations of over $42.7 million, which was a 63% increase over the $26.3 million of last Q3. For the nine months of 2008, we reported total non-GAAP revenue of $349.6 billion, and this is a 27% increase over the first nine months of last year. Again, the number includes a modest two month contribution from Ansoft, but excluding that, the organic growth was 21% or 17% in constant currencies. Software license business was disproportionately strong, but maintenance of service revenue grew well, particularly in the software enhancement subscriptions. The year-to-date non-GAAP EPS for this period was $1.25; it's a 39% increase over the $0.90 of 2007. Non-GAAP operating and gross margins were 47% and 86% respectively for the first nine months, which both represent an improvement over 2007. And the cash flows from operations were over $135 million for the first nine months, and this is a 58% increase over the comparable 2007. So, now I guess, we just take a quick look at the total picture from a number of different perspective, so look at category of business, geography, customer, product; lets look at category of business first. Overall, consolidated non-GAAP software license revenue grew 33% for the quarter and 27% for the first nine months. On an organic basis these were 18% for the quarter and 22% for the year-to-date. Total paid up licenses grew at 61% for the quarter or 25% organically, taking up the Ansoft contribution, and for the year-to-date paid up growth was 41% or 29% organic. Lease business, grew 17% for the quarter to equal about 35% of total business. This reflects a slight shift due to the historical Ansoft business being non-leased. For the organic business it grew at about the same rate as well. So we kept that trend in place and for year-to-date it grew 19% and represents about 38% of total revenues. This repeatable business base continues to aid in our overall visibility, the lease business maybe something that we could see trending up given the current challenges to some of our customers base relative to capital access to capital budgets, but it's just one of other element of our flexible business model that allows us to meet the business needs of our customers. Total maintenance and service grew about 45% for the quarter and 26% year-to-date or again in organic terms 20% for the quarter and 17% for the year-to-date. The pure software remain enhancement subscription portion grew at 57% for the quarter and 35% for the year-to-date again, if we just break that into the traditional Ansoft business in organic growth pure software making its enhancement, subscription portion grew 25% third quarter 24% year-to-date that's the organic comparison. The pure services element was around 5% of total revenue for both the quarter in the year. Now, while we saw growth across all of our product lines there is no doubt that we are seeing a disproportionate shift toward our multi physics and higher level software. These lines grew in excess of 25% which only goes down to score that trend toward uncompromising solution power that our customers are requiring. But, how can that be accelerated, but also the fact that we can accelerate that by bringing with that power the desktop type of use ability that we have been pioneering years and that's exact the purpose of our workbench based offerings. Our direct and indirect businesses, both performed proportionally well... excuse me, while maintaining a 70-30 split in flavor... in favor of direct. This reflects a very consistent organic performance with a very slight balance in favor of direct, exclusively related to the direct nature of the Ansoft business. Ultimately portions of this business will be adopted by the channel, but merely in the short term as technical competencies and business plans will have to be developed and assessed and worked into our long-term framework. Business intake was also strong and it grow at 47% for the quarter and 29% year-to-date. Now, both of these are in our excess of revenue growth which is a good leading indicator for us and it's also allowed our deferred revenue to rise 33% as compared to last years Q3 to $153.1 billion. Our strong repeatable business base remained at the healthy 68% on a larger base, even including a less visible Ansoft component. So even with our robust growth the consistent ability to maintain a solid base of recurring and repeatable revenue, is one of the Hallmarks of our business model. It gives us visibility going into a quarter, it basically has helped to reduce the variability of traditional backend bloating of revenue in the quarter. We basically believe that it's a direct of our commitment to reinvest a high percentage of our revenue back into R&D which in turn allows our customers to solve their increasingly complex design issues. We have strong balance sheet and strong cash flows, Maria will get into more of that in detail, but it was $42.7 million for the quarter and $135 billion for the year-to-date. These strong cash flows afford us a flexibility in dealing with accelerated debt buy down and the share repurchase, our economic insulation as need may dictate. So, let me.. turning our attention, let's turn it to geographic view right now. We saw a double-digit growth for all regions, although they were a range of economic realities in each. The geographic diversity has allowed us for years to respond to ever changing geo-economic landscapes which is particularly important now and into the future. Our business this quarter was once again accentuated by a combination of industry breadth, new customers and wide expansion within our existing customers. North America increased to 25% for the quarter and 18% year-to-date. U.S. multinationals in particular year-to-date spending a lot of their efforts basically expanding global usages of the after pays in light to their business opportunities and as such the organic business was in the mid single digits but in total our... all of our direct offices and major account activities were double digit range. Major orders in North America came from a typical mix of both long standing and new customers just to name of few of the notables going down the list here, General Motors, Pratt & Whitney, Northern Grumman, Parker Hanathan, US Army, Diamler Chrysler, the U.S. Department of Energy, Sandia International labs, Shell Oil, NOVA chemicals, Locky Martin, NASA, Bae Hayers [ph], Honeywell, Rolls Royce and Vector Dikinson's were all involved in major areas [ph] in North America. Europe continues it's impressive performance also in with an overall 31% growth for the quarter. While there was a good balance across the regions Germany led with a 40% plus growth. There was a mild currency impact that was positive of about 800K, but the growth of the quarter was still 29% ex-currency. For the year Europe is growing at 28% or over 22% in constant dollar terms. I would note that since Ansoft has a relatively small foot print in Europe, the total growth numbers were actually organic. In fact if we just took the organic portion, European growth was 26% or 20% ex-currency for the year-to-date. The largest deals in Europe included repeat customers and new ones, such as Ferrari, Siemens, Areva, Airbus, Porsche, Schneider Electric, LukOil, Olsdem [ph], Rolls Royce, Glaxo Smith Kline, EDS, Continental Automotive, Volvo and [indiscernible]. Our general international area also continue to grow well and when actually quite balanced performance but with a number of sub themes. The overall growth for the region was 65% for the quarter, this was boosted by a strong Ansoft presence for two months. But the organic growth, it was also strong in 31%. Japan grew at 55% for the quarter, 23% organic; the rest of GIA grew in excess of those numbers. The year-to-date growth in this region, 38% and with a minor positive currency impact or 33% year-to-date growth in the region ex-currency. Key customer engagements in the region included Petrobras, Honda, Ishikawajima, Heavy Industries, Ibara, Cummins, Exa, Ibishi [ph] Commercial Aircraft, Andritz, Toshiba, BHEL, Mitsubishi, Vestas Wind, Honeywell Pioneer, China Locomotive, Sumitomo, Nippon Steel and just from the short list, it's obvious that we saw continuing variety of orders from local based businesses and multinational expansion, along with a broad based industry. And that's one thing you'd tells all as on a worldwide basis we're seeing continued industry breadth, from the list of our large orders. But evidently in some of the smaller ones also. There is continued trend toward all forms of energy optimization, whether it's conventional, petroleum, nuclear or alternative. We also continue to see ripple effects from the rising energy costs, and this is true even if the oil prices dropped a little bit. But the number of auto, aircraft and engine companies that are adjusting their businesses to the new economic realities of energy cost, continues to grow. And in new auto industry this... well this new calculus of energy cost has given rise to a wave of innovation which is right up our alley, and everything as things as electric price, fuels of hybrids and hybrids in engines, as well as aerodynamic performance. There was even a noticeable surge in the areas of turbo chargers for engine efficiency in turbo machinery. Now this has been buying with the proliferation of electronic content cars for control of safety systems, entertainment systems, power train innovations and the Ansoft inclusion in this portfolio served these side initiatives extremely well. In all these cases rapid understanding their really complex problems, and with uncompromising accuracies essential and that's sort of basically a pure strength of ANSYS multi-physics. I will also say we have seen some similar parallels in the heavy equipment and infrastructure renewal areas, and in the airframe, as I mentioned before, the aero-engine area where energy efficiencies are paramount, but there is still no margin for failure. So then end of all this is continued industry breadth, increased penetration with our strong and broad customer base, pipeline of new opportunities continued to be solid even if as the, the challenging economic environment, we are seeing growing interest. We are encouraged by the continuing multi-year momentum, both in the existing and new customers. There is no doubt of the long term opportunity, but now as even with this increasing interest there is also cost for increasing vigilance due to the turmoil that's effected most aspects of the global financial environment. So, this can positively or adversely affect the timing and patterns of our customers buying decisions, and we try to factor this into our guidance, and we will continue to endeavor to do so going forward. So in summary, there was double digit growth all around the globe and as you can tell from the list of customer names, good industry major account activity on top of that. There was continuing strong performance in every major geography and virtually all sub-regions with few minor exceptions. Major accounts were particularly viable [ph] and helped to contribute to both new license revenue as well as the deferred revenue balances. And in short, there was solid performance everywhere, but for we have various improvement almost everywhere also. So, in light of this progress we are consciously ramping up this selected elements our customer basing organization and responsibility growing opportunity, but we are being ever mindful of the constantly shifting economic stance out there. From a product revenue standpoint we saw no significant changes in either the trend or the guidance we have given over quarters in a long time. Consolidated paid up license software revenues grew by 61% in total and 25% organically, quarter-to-quarter, the lease business stayed strong at 35% of the blended total. All parts of our product spectrum gets well with the overall good balance plus we mentioned the higher end products did particularly well. Software maintenance and enhancement subscription business grew at 57% from the quarter and 35% for the year-to-date and again breaking to the organic terms that we don't get caught up with the Ansoft acquisition and just the core organic terms, it was 25% for the quarter and 24% from the year-to-date. Our high end sales grew disproportionably but the bottom line is with the pressure is our customer have based in the simply can't compromise on scope or accuracy of solution. Our ASPs for the quarter, those were seasonally steady, this is been a multi-quarter trend at the low end ASPs are actually slightly up. And from a qualitative standpoint I just say the broadest deepest set of integration tools for simulation that they have been driving those customer adoption it just continue to get broader and deeper and even more so, since we closed Ansoft at the end of July. It was actually fun to table the start putting the two great companies together after couple of months of waiting. We do we had really team of people its world class technology joining us. So we're obviously eager to start to leverage that, business is obviously added to our success but we're also able to start leveraging the strengths of the Ansys business model and just a small portrait this was demonstrated in the operating results. We are well on the way toward making our projection of making this modestly accretive within the first 12 months our combined operation. And even I have been personally excited, as I have seen some of technology more intimately than I could before and but also to see how these technology teams have been briefed the combination as evidenced by fairly robust technical integration plan for over the next few quarters and next couple of years. So we continue to be excited about the prospects of being able to complete products simulations across all over industries. That way products that are increasingly below mechanical end and electrical components in a fix and it's specially here to be able do those and say the galleria [ph] plug and play manner in a can do environment that interest in most of our clients and the supply chains and to be able to that with our many partners. Now there have been a lot of other things going on but most notably is... even in these tough times the number of people that have attended our user of Ansoft across the globe numbering well into the several thousands and also seeing their reactions to the upcoming R12 release and the major point of enthusiasm for us. The general consensus has been for continued commitment, increasing the simulation usage. So in summary, we had another very strong quarter by all metrics, both the quantitative and the qualitative factors showed progress, and the numbers demonstrated our continued financial and market performance. We did this amidst the turmoil out there in the market, and even against our own strong comparables and expectations. So we also started working on a variety of aspects related to the Ansoft integration, including combined 2009 planning. Our earnings and cash flows remain solid, which should serve to continue our investment patterns and technical innovation sales and business infrastructure, as well as the support of the debt associated with the Ansoft acquisition. We're going to iterate our long term commitment, taking our markets to a new level and to continue our pursuit in meeting those customer expectations and corporate commitments to our stakeholders. I think over the long term we demonstrated our ability to grow to top-line in accordance with our guidance underscored by this past quarter, but we've also been able to maintain solid margins and solid earnings growth. So we'll continue to drive for a long-term vision. Our long-term optimism clearly intact, but we'll continue to temper this with an eye toward a range of short term factors out there, so I guess I'm probably dusting off the short-term caution that we've exercised to positive advantage during past times of past years. So with that, I'll turn it over to Maria, our CFO Maria Shields, the CFO, to provide you with a more detailed look at our financials, including expense structure, balance sheet highlight, as well as other key factors of this quarter's business and our outlook on future earnings. So Maria?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: Okay. Thanks Jim. Within a few minutes, I'll go through summary of some of the financial highlights as they relate to the Ansys business for Q3 and year-to-date, take a quick look at the balance sheet, operating cash flows and provide some commentary regarding outlook for Q4 and full year 2009. As it relates to non-GAAP EPS for the... for the combined company, and I'll also give some insight into some of the underlining key assumptions. Beginning with cost of sales, excluding acquisition related amortization and the impact of stock based compensation which combined total $8.2 million, cost of sales for the third quarter totaled $16.4 million versus $14 million in the third quarter of '07. This resulted in an overall non-GAAP gross profit margin of 87% for the third quarter. And on a year-to-date basis, cost of sales which excludes $18.4 million of acquisition related amortization and stock based cost totaled $47.7 million versus $41.1 million for the first nine months of '07, resulting in 86% non-GAAP gross profit margin year-to-date for '08. Looking ahead, we're currently targeting a non-GAAP gross profit margin in the 86% to 87% range. On the SG&A front for the third quarter, total expenses excluding $1.9 million of stock based compensation expense was $34.2 million compared with $25.1 million in last year's Q3, and for the year-to-date SG&A expenses excluding $6 million of stock based costs were $86.9 million, compared with $76.1 million in 2008. Looking ahead we plan to continue to make property investments in building our global sales and business infrastructure as we continue to integrate the Ansoft acquisition to support scalability and future growth. Moving on to R&D, total expenses for the quarter, net of approximately $700,000 related to stock based comps were $19.6 million, compared to $13.7 million in Q3 of last year. On a year-to-date basis, our total investment in R&D excluding $2.1 million of stock based compensation expense, reached $50.7 million versus $39.1 million for 2008. For the remainder of '08 and going into '09, we're currently targeting a mid-teens range relative to our ongoing investment in R&D. For the third quarter and the first nine months of 2008, we've delivered solid non-GAAP operating profit margin of 45.6% and 47% respectively. Admittedly, these are above what we had planned coming out of gates in 2008. In both the first and second quarter earnings call, we'd communicated that we'd consciously adjusted, or held back on various aspects of our original 2008 planned spend in the first half, in anticipation of Ansoft acquisition. Given everything that transpired subsequent to those calls, in retrospect, those decisions helped to set the foundation for our strong performance in Q3, despite the macro economy, as well as better positioned us for the remainder of 2008, and going into 2009. The consolidated effective non-GAAP tax rate for the third quarter and year-to-date was 32% and 35% respectively. The third quarter tax rate was several percentage points below what had targeted coming into the quarter, primarily as a result of the true up to the filing of the 2007 U.S. tax returns, as well as some incremental 2008 domestic manufacturing deductions. This resulted approximately $0.02 to $0.03 of incremental unplanned tax benefits in the Q3 '08 results. At this time, I'll also point out that the recent reinstatement of the R&E credit will have a positive impact on our Q4 effective tax rate. This is... has been factored into our outlook, and we're anticipating that throughout the remainder of this year, we should be able to maintain an overall non-GAAP consolidated tax rate in the 35% to 37% range. For the third quarter, Ansys reported a 39% increase in non-GAAP EPS to $0.43, that's on 90.1 million diluted shares, compared to $0.31 on 81.2 million shares in the third quarter of '07. And for the first nine months, non-GAAP EPS increased 39% to a $1.25 on 84.6 million diluted shares, compared to $0.90 on 80.9 million shares in the '07 period. So to summarize, the key factors impacting our Q3 operational performance, we had solid organic revenue growth led by over 20% growth in both the perpetual [ph] license and annual maintenance subscription business. We had positive impact from currency of about $1.6 million at the revenue line and $800,000 at the operating income level. We had strong gross profit in operating margins. Our results included two months of revenue and profit contribution from Ansoft, but also included the negative impact of the interest expanse and the additional shares that that we issued in conjunction with the deal, and we experience a more favorable tax rate than we originally projected, which contributed an incremental to the $0.03 for the quarter. So taking a quick look at the September 30 balance sheet, it continues to remain quite sound. Our total cash and short term investments balance is now at about $212 million. Our consolidated net DSO is at 42 days. We had record combined operating cash flow at $42.7 million in quarter and a $135 million in the first nine months of '08. This enabled us to pay down $55 million of the original $355 million in debt under a new five year credit facility that we entered into to partially fund the Ansoft deal. The debt carries an initial effective rate of LIBOR plus 150, which will gradually migrate to lower rate tiers as we utilize the operating cash flows to pay down the debt and reduce our leverage. I also wanted to point out that we did enter into an interest rate swap agreement in third quarter that mitigates some of the interest rate volatility exposure on $300 million of the debt. Because of the swap, the recent volatility in LIBOR borrowing rates should not have any material impact on our interest expense going forward relative to this debt. The average interest rate as of Q4 is at approximately 4.9%, excluding the amortization of loan fees. I'd also like to point out and remind everyone that we currently have an approved share buyback plan in place that allows for the repurchase of up to about 3.8 million shares. Also, we saw in Q3 and more importantly projecting for Q4 and into 2009, given our level of international business, our results will be negatively impacted by currency, particularly on the Euro and British Pound front, with some slightly positive benefits from the current rate on the Japanese Yen. In our outlook, we're assuming that rates stay roughly the same as the recent stock rates or in the $1.30 range for the Euro, $1.60 for the British pond, and 99 for the Japanese Yen. As rates continue to change in the future, we'll modulate our outlook accordingly and trust that you also take this into consideration as you update your models and your projections. So based on our current business visibility, we're targeting finishing the 2008 calendar year with non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.68 to a $1.70, and for the upcoming fourth quarter which will include a full quarter of Ansoft operations, we're targeting non-GAAP EPS of $0.43 to $0.45. This outlook assumes a fully diluted share account of 94 to 95 million shares for Q4. Our current outlook for 2009, target's non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.84 to $1.90, assuming the currency spot rates that I previously mentioned, which translate to $1.30 to $1.44 on a GAAP basis. So now, Jim, I will turn it back over to you.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Sure, okay. Well thanks Maria. So let's just recap real quickly. First of all I have to highlight the continued sustained strong diversified financial performance of all major parameters of the business, we are talking about revenue, earnings margin, cash flow, business based recurring visibility. Secondarily there was some positive initial efforts on the Ansoft integration, even though we are only a few weeks into that. Thirdly, increasing customer interest marked by increased activity on a broad front. That's the broad front by geography by industry and also even by commitment levels. And let's say, fourth, it's basically this rapidly expanding product portfolio that we continue to be able to augment with partnerships and different relationships as basically dramatically increased with Ansoft. So and this is before the long term outlook stays bullish. For the reminder of 2008 we are reinforcing our guidance based on Q3 performance as the newest data and then combining it with Ansoft contribution. We anticipate a good Q4 performance, even with the economic turmoil and currency headwinds that Maria just mentioned. So even with those we expect non-GAAP revenue in the $145 to $149 million range with non-GAAP earnings in the $0.43 to $0.45 range and this is good news since the comparable last year included if you recall all of those mega license deals from last year for and those are not in our base forecast for the year. And then we also had that $0.04 tax benefit last year. We've actually maintained the guidance while compensating for negative currency effects to come up with a year end guidance of non-GAAP revenues in the $494 to $499 million range and non-GAAP earnings in the $1.68 to $1.70 range both of which represent growth and in the mid to upper twenties. For fiscal year 2009, our guidance for non-GAAP revenue was in the $610 to $630 million range which is comprised of Ansoft acquisition and double digit organic growth, under constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS increases to the $0.84 and $0.90 range which also averages out to a double digit growth even with the economic environment and the strong comparable that we are in the midst of this year. This guidance though however is cognizant of a number of unknowns out there, essentially it allows us to build safety into our cost structures without hindering our ability to capture revenue upside. Combined with our repeatable business base our diversified geographic and customer base and deferred revenues, we are utilizing the same business model that's allowed us to weather a wide range of economic situations over the last decade. And as I mentioned we continue to ramp up parts of our business and in a judicious manner, particularly in the sales and support realm, to take advantage of market opportunities. So, we'll continue to monitor the shorter term market factors on a global basis as we demonstrated year-on-year for the last several years. And I guess with that we're basically prepared to respond to any specific questions you may have. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll to go Richard Davis with Needham & Company.
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: Hi, thanks very much. Just wanted to ask you, now that you've have added in Ansoft we've tried to kind of put paper to pencil and think about the total addressable market. And I guess one way we've looked at is kind of maybe total addressable seats and conservatively range as probably from $5 to I don't know maybe $15 million potential seats and then you have to make some assumption on proceed pricing. But as the thought process, is that roughly analogous as to how you're thinking about it because we've come up with kind of an addressable market from anywhere from $10 to $30 billion?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Well, that's a portion of it, but its actually maybe longer term or the smaller portion. So yes, the increase in number of potential users is one element, but then to mention I guess the loss in that is the number of potentially use it shows. And in that particular case since the people are fighting to clock, as I mentioned on some earlier... in earlier quarters, we've got some places where individually users are using 20, 30 and sometime even over 100 seats simultaneously. So to get one element by the number of users, but what are they actually trying to do in most cases they're trying to look at increasing number of alternatives, look at innovative configurations that maybe they never took the time, to look at before or basically because it hasn't been invented yet and then basically saying, I want to do a lot of things in parallel to raise the clock and get to market more quickly. So, like I said... maybe that's over gilded [ph] the increase in the number potential users definitely, but increasing... changing the way they use it, also a big element.
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: Got it. And then our conversations with other companies, public and private is that demand is driven more by kind of what you are touching on which is help me do my job better, and therefore functionality in speed of processing is critical, but that's the key thing, but the less important thing is, I mean connectivity is obviously important, but are you finding that feature functionality is still the most important driver for purchase decisions?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Well feature functionality, but keep in mind that usability is also a feature. So, yes if there is an element a; they have to be able to solve the toughest problems. And a lot of those problems are even being solved today by anybody but we're committed to continuing to knock down those barriers. Secondarily, since they are making those... during those decisions early in the process they are still making some critical commitments to the tooling and to overall product cost to the lifecycle. So, and what that means is, they can't base that on crude approximation, they need highly accurate kind of solution. So those are a couple of the other things that are driving it, quiet a bit but, its not so much either... the other thing I want to say is that, not that it gets caught in the old buzz frames of the 80s, its not even a productivity play, its really about and effective as the efficiency and ability to do things that weren't done before, not doing the same things, X percent faster and it's been... that's really what's been driving us through last few years.
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: Got it. Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Andrew Matorin, J.P. Morgan.
Andrew Matorin - JP Morgan: Hi, thanks very much. First question, if you could Maria, perhaps... I think when you acquired Fluent you had indicated the contribution of Fluent made to your deferred revenue balance. I'm wondering if you could provide the same information with respect to Ansoft acquisition, what it contributed to the deferred revenue balance in the quarter?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: Andrew, I don't have Ansoft's deferred revenue broken out. The only thing I've gotten here right now is all on a consolidated basis, but...
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: I think it's also fair to say there, that the relative portion, is a percentage or so.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: We'll get that for you.
Andrew Matorin - JP Morgan: Okay. Great. And then with respect to the margin performance in this quarter, certainly better than I think may be you had anticipated and I think must had anticipated and the implied margin in your guidance which suggest that perhaps your outlook with respect to cost cutting or integration may have been improved from when you initially did the acquisition. If you could comment a little bit about that? And why it appears as though, may be there is a little bit more confidence in a more robust margin profile going forward?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Well I'll start off and may be Maria can hit there, can clean up some of the details things. But first of all yes, there are two factors, first of all I mentioned a couple of times the some of the Ansoft integration showed, some of those initial activities did show a little bit more improved than we would've prudently expected on the onset. So I think its just a very small baby step of we can ultimately do. But there was an issue there. But we'll tell you also that as we started to pick up the lines of some of these concerns as I've mentioned we have always continued to look at our cost structures on a judicious go forward basis and when we see some strong winds coming up we got to batten down a little bit and we've got years of intellectual property already developed and underway, still from a long standing profile of investing in technology. We're continuing to interact with the customers however we look at the situation as being there is lot of things we won't be able to predict over the next few X months, I don't know how many but the fact is we can do things to protect that but also as customer demand goes up that doesn't really affect our ability to capture the revenue upside, and that's I think that's something you could probably demonstrate graphically over about a ten year period. So, we've actually exercised a little bit of caution not made any major cuts but just exercised a lot of caution because there are I know and Maria cautioned...
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: Yeah I would just say Andrew during due diligence it was a relatively small theme that was working on identifying synergies and things like that given two public companies and not wanting to have a lot of people find out. And as we've now broadened the teams that are involved it's just even a better insight into some opportunities we are putting these two great companies together allows us to get some cost efficiencies and remove some redundancy. So we are bullish but as we've always done it we've demonstrated we will definitely not let the spending rates get ahead of the sales momentum. So we are trying to balance those.
Andrew Matorin - JP Morgan: Great thank you and just lastly if you could comment a little about some of your channel partners is there any issue with respect to some of your channel partners given the lack of availability of credit as far as their ability to operate given their much smaller scale compared to you kind of received any comments from some of your partners in the channels?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Actually no but the one thing you see is that the at least of the organic parts of the business the balance stayed relatively strong everything will keep in mind at the strong deferred revenue balances that Ansys seized and the recurring revenue patterns that provides us a strong base of business and that's something you would see mirrored in many elements of our channel and therefore there is a certain degree of insulation there.
Andrew Matorin - JP Morgan: Good, thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Barbara Coffey with Kaufman Bros.
Barbara Coffey - Kaufman Bros.: Yes, good morning, can you speak a bit about your thoughts on why the ASPs are going up, are you seeing clients buy the more fully featured packages or it just feels a little remind less in this environment?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Well that's it, we've started actively tracking these things many years ago with the variety of other premises just the way of managing the business and yes it has and it continual migration towards the higher end some product names that illustrated but will be largely confident. But its basically people are they are the increased capability versus the pricing and it pretty seems to be fairly compelling ROI factor for most of our clients. So like I said are using the toughest one to compare ASPs we compared them to ASP's throughout the last few Q3s. like is said its was very stable at the high end. The one that I can draw a significance to physical base since the lower end products also. That sometime people use that as may be a stepping stone to simulation one on one in the fuller range products. So now we'd say, its but it has been as I said the either stable or notching up has been a trended just a been many or several years multiple quarters.
Barbara Coffey - Kaufman Bros.: And can you also speak to, you briefly mentioned but the pattern of license of leasing. Has that change that all are you seeing any indications that will change in this environment?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: No, I might have said that poorly. I'm not sure precisely what I said, but the bottom line is that there are several different dimensions; I will try to unwind these that in some watchful matter but if you look at the organic part of our business. That beliefs business stayed relatively same proportion grew like it has quarter-after-quarter it looks a little bit different when you go into Ansoft because they did very little leasing almost all paid up licensees so when you blend those they drop down out of debt. That's why for the quarter about 35% and if you recall 35% is less than the 38% to 40% we've been taking about for several quarters but few year ago that lease base was only about 20% of our business so its still net up it just a function of the blending of the different business models where we do acquisition. But it stills stays in a very strong rate now that the third blend for our part is, is it was just an anecdotal hypothesis is that if the tough economic time stays. Similar to the way we saw in the post 9/11 era there were companies still knew they needed to get on board for simulation and they knew its going to be comparative or survival, aspects for them. And as such even they couldn't get capital they might institute something from a lease basis and then rolling into capital dollar, they didn't want to hold off the usage, but that was purely a direct result of whatever the internal finances of acquisition were embedded in individual customer. I am just saying that if this... if the situation of the ups and downs that we've seen with persist, we might see a slight tweak up.
Barbara Coffey - Kaufman Bros.: Okay.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: And ways to this. That makes sense.
Barbara Coffey - Kaufman Bros.: That does make sense. Thank you.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Okay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to Mark Schappel with Benchmark.
Mark Schappel - Benchmark: Hi, good morning and Jim first question for you. With oil and feedstock prices falling pretty conservatively here in the past several moths. Are you seeing energy generation or process manufactures starting to rethink some other projects at all?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Right, Mark, I guess I try to re-highlight my comments, no. I think were we might state and, this one would be tougher to pickup there are always a number of these new start ups that will start to boot strap in the self new started companies with alternative energies in particular, and... but if they don't show up we didn't no they were... you never know there are not there and if don't show at all. So, on the general energy front, whether we're looking at nuclear, as I mentioned, if you're looking to some of the company names that I was mentioning in our major customer acquisition list, very strong I think the bottom line is that even as oil bobbed down to 60 what immediately people started talking about value on able control supply to drive the price back up. I don't think the Daimler expecting oil to drop to back to mid teens any time of next few years. Now, and it seem like the supply is very much in question and the demand is continuingly increasing and no matter what we do it takes years to develop some of these technologies that take years to get new plans online, and takes year I'm mean. So a lot of things take time even if we get pass the regulatory issues. So the non-stop innovation and up stop in the new exploration, I don't think that people are thinking that this a long-term trend that's going to continue down. And that's why you see these customers, just want talking [ph] out hydro wind, nuclear and oil all ere prominent acquires of the technology this time around.
Mark Schappel - Benchmark: Okay. Thanks and, as the version 12 release still on schedule for early '09?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Yes, well I actually selected customer shifts, even before, but the main part of the release is still '09. There hasn't been any stated change.
Mark Schappel - Benchmark: Thanks.
Operator: Your next, Woo Jin Ho, with Merrill Lynch
Woo Jin Ho - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Jim, in constructing the 2009 outlook, what are your expectations for Ansoft relative to the overall EDA spending, they have out performed EDA in the past, do you think that remains the case. And the follow-up on Mark's question on version 12, are there any expectations on ASP or positive ASP or trends as a result of a version 12 and is that embedded got as well? And then a one follow-up
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Okay. Well the ASPs, I don't see necessarily, I don't gradually... there will be a jump [ph] function on that, but I think it will continue to help propel the higher usages up there. On the... if you look Ansoft component which switches that historically they always guided to a fairly wide range of 10% to 15%, and that's been a little bit above the normal market, I think we'll tend towards the mid upper end of that ratings we go forward. And then sorry there was one other part that I missed?
Woo Jin Ho - Merrill Lynch: No, you've covered it, I guess the follow-up then, is with regards to general stimulation usage trends. Can you just discuss the stimulation consumption trends within the existing base, has that been upside ways or possibly down?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: That is been up. I mean if, I understand the question I mean is evidence by our results it's been a general up in both capabilities users and feat [ph] per users.
Unidentified Analyst: Right so it's sustaining a new licenses as a result of dues?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Yes well and that's why even if you look at our overall results, the new software license growth is even higher than the typical growth rates.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Okay.
Operator: We will go next to Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Jack Miller - Robert W. Baird: Hi, guys. This is actually Jack Miller filling in for Steve. Just a couple of quick ones on the 2009 guidance, just wondering if that still assumes the 15% to 17% organic growth rate you called out before and if so is that a constant currency growth rate or does that include a impact from FX?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: Yeah I think what Jim spoke to earlier relative to revenue is basically more to the low double digit in constant currency, not the traditional 15% to 17% on the organic side of the business given the negative currency impact and just given what's happened in the general market.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: And then that's a short term thing, the long term for in this case stays the same, just a strong may be even stronger but the point is that we are... to help provide a continued earnings growth and cash flows, like I said we are controlling some of costing and if we get the revenue up surprises, we are able to get those I think we've got a string of quarters that show that, but we also want to have cost structure. So, Maria's right it's a basically in, after we eat up all the negative currency we'll be sailing in and stuff like that. We are still seeing a... we are still expecting an organic in the lower double digits and I guess if we are, we have always talked about how currency has affected us positively over the last few quarters if we backed out how it might negatively affect it, but would still be a pretty strong acquisition curve for customers going into '09.
Jack Miller - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then on the Ansoft side, could you just remind us how their deal size is compared to your own and given some of the capital and financing concerns, we talked about, do you think that there will be a shift towards offering their products at the least more in line with your traditional model?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Well that's going to be an option because again part of the... we rolled up knocking down barriers to adoption and most of time we talk about technology barriers, but acquisition barriers and financial barriers are part of that. So, we've always had standpoint of saying hey, we'll offer a number of alternatives and the customer can take what's right for them. So adding that as part of the portfolio, clearly would be something that would be, something we'd do. As due to the aggregate order side it still little bit more of a developing technology base of usage and as such as tended to the aggregate order cycles on balance more over than the traditional answers.
Jack Miller - Robert W. Baird: Okay great, thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Greg Dunham with Deutsche Bank.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Yes, thanks. One clarification. If I heard you right, you said 47% business intake growth in the quarter. Did I hear you correctly first, and how do you guys define that?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: I'm sorry what... yes that includes Ansoft, too, but yes, that's correct.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Okay. But I mean is that I mean if I look at the revenues plus change in differed balance of 49% year-over-year, but that was obviously a benefit from Ansoft. Is that how you're measuring it?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Oh yes. That's why, maybe I over killed it, got the parallel charts of numbers here, and that's' why I've been breaking out, which part was organic, which part was currency, because again we'll be an open book on that. But no it was there, but in generally, no matter how you slice that the business intake was outpacing the comparable, and it was compared about when compared to revenue which is a good thing, that's means that the differed base is going to be growing and the leading indicators are that the new business is coming in faster than it's being recognized.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: No, and I guess I want to hit on that, because clearly September wasn't a great month for a lot of companies in the software space, yet you seem to be doing well and looking at your guidance for double digit growth your forecasting that to continue.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Yes.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: I guess could you.. want to talk about linearity in the quarter, what you saw in September and what you've see in so far in October, and then two, kind of remind us how customers buy your product, in terms of what budgets they fall under, is it and that sort of behavior, just give us a little bit more comfort in the double digit growth next year?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Well first of all, our linearity's from some quarter-to-quarter, obviously is much flatter than a traditional software company or hockey stick if you will, inter quarter. Is also relatively small. So we don't... we have less of an impact of all those last month surprises. Now, a lot of that is when you've got.. when you're dealing with 68% recurring revenue base, a lot of it is already banked there. Now, that being said, that it is our traditional model. We're also blending in Ansoft which has more of a intra quarter and intra year inflection in the curve, and those are the things we have to work on overtime, but I think the probably the most challenging was even as we started to embed some of the Ansoft results, which is less visible. Even on that much larger combined base, we're still at 68%, which is still gives us a certain amount of comfort, nothing gives you a perfect inoculation.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: So you're pleased with the bookings at the very end of month and the beginning of October. Is that... disregarding the recognition of revenue as lead business from a new quadrant [ph] perspective?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Yes, in a word, yes.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: And just a follow up on the reasons why the buyers aren't facing the same kind of budget issues as there may be some other software companies? When did you....?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: I can't speak to what others... companies are seeing, but we did have the advantage of having over the last few weeks, a number of different customer conference spend, that's like where I mentioned we have several thousand people, and the... the tenure was quiet strong. Yes, there are some that have some question marks, but... and costs will always be a concern in those areas, but all the direction they were getting was toward continuing to drive the engineering innovation, and R&D was not really being the first target for people to gut.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Right, and that is an important point.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: I think its hard... you would draw distinction [ph], I mean when we talk about the software companies, I'm not sure who you're referring to, but R&D is a much broader classification or another overlapping thing with general IT expenditures.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: That was the point I was trying to make.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Okay.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go to Steve Koenig with KeyBanc Capital Market.
Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Market: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Listen, I'm wondering, in your comments, Jim you suggested that the differential in growth rates in Europe relative to the U.S. if we think about a constant currency was primarily due to multinational off shoring and or doing more purchasing over the field [ph], I am wondering, do you see a possibility of that, the macro situation which has recently started to deteriorate in Europe relative to the U.S., that that could impact those growth rates going forward, and we might see some of that European growth come down to a rate more similar to the U.S.?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Well, there's actually two elements here. Two answers to your question here. First of all, yes, we didn't expect the... well first of all we expect the European growth to still be good. It's just that the annual cost and currencies, it looks a little bit different. But it will still be strong. But the second part is that we had to kind of bifurcate. When I was talking about US multinationals, more often than not, those kind of things are going into Asia, Eastern Europe and some of the other developing countries, and those are... those seem to be continuing to do pretty well. And Ansoft provides good opportunity for us there because it's a very small part of business in Europe, but it also gives a footprint to leverage in Asia. So I think all those are valid concerns, those are the things we look at, but I think that the over all acquisition patterns are going to be strong, even eating up some of the currency issue, and I think some of the investment patterns, they could change all over the map, but the good news is we're all over the map too, and so far wherever they've put that usage, we just happen to go to that locale. So it's... we're fairly neutral.
Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Market: Okay, great. And then for my follow up, I'd just like to ask in terms of Ansoft, last quarter you indicated you had some caution and in terms of wanting to understand how solid that pipeline was this being a stuffed quarter, probably not a lot of Ansoft licenses yet. What are you seeing relative to how solid that pipeline will be in terms of your ability to close business gone forward and maintain Ansoft's historical close rate?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Well, I mean its one of the things, we look at everything with... where can it go wrong, and work it, but in general, it's good. Customer responses are good, the customer responses to the combined road shows have been good, and most of the general metrics, they obviously are good enough to support what we've built into our guidance going forward. And basically we have all the key salespeople still cranking along with us.
Steve Koenig - KeyBanc Capital Market: Great, thank you very much.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Greg Halter [ph] with Great Lakes Review.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, good morning guys.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: Morning.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: I'm wondering if you could comment on your portfolio, the $212 million as to what that's invested in, the quality, where held and what of reach earnings?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: I would say it is inline with our traditional conservative model. There is no equity in there, it's all largely money markets, probably about 60% of it is sitting in foreign jurisdiction, because it's not tax efficient to bring that back to the U.S., although we would love the government to think about that, and yes there's not a lot of risk relative to that portfolio. We've never been in the business of trying to make 20% on the money, so we're probably on average something in the 3% range.
Unidentified Analyst: And that's a pre tax type of return?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright. And I think the last quarter you had commented about the earthquake over in China having some impact on deal deferrals and so forth, and obviously you had a pretty good growth rate in GIA. Did that situation have any bearing there?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Oh, we got some of it back. I mean it... there is more coming over the next few quarters, so it wasn't like a bunch already gift wrapped, dropped in on us in September. But no, it was a good growth rate, not overtly extraordinary, but very solid for the company rate, and with pretty good prospects going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Ross Macmillan with Jefferies.
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co.: Thank you. Jim, if we go back to '01 and '02, you saw couple of years of mid single digits up for a licensed growth, and I think total revenue growth in '02 was also in the mid single digit range. Can you just hit on the points that make what you see in the business today different from back then that gives you the confidence in low to mid-teens tier?
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: The one thing is that after you wind the clock forward 7 to 8 years, you look at the scale and impact that we have on a wide of range of major customers, and much more... a much broader and partner oriented deeper footprint. I think the other thing is that we've been able to build up some of the cost structures were we have had we would be able to been able to build the infrastructure that basically helps operate pretty efficiently. In a wide range which is more you can see some of the opportunities we've had for margin expansion and the like. And I think the other thing is that more of big thing was that not many of us saw 9/11 coming and the rapid aster methadot [ph]. Some of these other things we've been able to do we get a little bit more warning on a little bit more time to prepare on.
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, great. And then just to make sure Maria just on the tax rate what's your assumption for the '09 tax rate? Thanks.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: '09 tax rate for now not knowing what the new administration might do on the tax fund I would say 37 to 39 and will update you on.
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co.: Great, thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to David Schneider with Axiom International.
David Schneider - Axiom International: Hi, good morning. One real quick question for you, you mentioned, you made a couple of comments of such being a call on deferred revenues. How their cash was in there but it may not be actually showing over the balance sheet. Could you just make some comments on that please?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: Yes. It's a purchase accounting, mumbo jumbo, if you will. If you take a look at this morning's earnings announcement we tried to explain it in there, but essentially, we had to take a write down about $23.5 million on the Ansoft side out of under the theory that they are not liabilities that have already been performed by the seller. So, in short, we will still get the cash. We still have the customers and next year when this we don't come up that renewed a 100%. So, we've historically when we had to take purchase accounting write down on revenue, we've added a backend so not to cause as Jim alluded to either inflating next years revenue growth but you wouldn't see in a tax flow necessarily.
David Schneider - Axiom International: Okay. I just want to think about the true differed revenue in for the third quarter if I added back in little bit your non GAAP and GAAP revenue into the for revenue balance stated in the balance sheet that would kind of give me a more realistic?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: Yes.
David Schneider - Axiom International: Number for differed revenue for the quarter.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: Yes because that what you are seeing on the balance sheet is in fact GAAP and goes including impacted a purchase accounting write down.
David Schneider - Axiom International: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Will go next to Shindail Dourtada [ph] with Cintenal Asset Management.
Unidentified Analyst: Jim. When you look at the license revenue growth now I think which is about 19%, if you had to break it down between the number of users and the migration to high price products. Did you see any kind of acceleration on the first half into the third quarter that the number of users actually increased and rather than migration to high end products? How it sounds, can you give some color on that?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: Yes, this is Maria. I think it wasn't necessarily migration to increased number of users no doubt, we are seeing more broader enterprise portfolio so I suppose to as Ross alluded to earlier if you go back to 2001 timeframe where we were selling mechanical multi physic, today we get into capable one of these merger customers and there are buying sea shells multi physic that also includes CSP technology in pre-impose processing perhaps so then exclusive technology when you start bundling those now we looking at much larger deal side then you would have seven or eight years ago.
Unidentified Analyst: So that means they are buying more number of products then increasing the number of users is that... that's how?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: It's a combination of both but marginally I would say more on the number of products.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. When you look at the '09 guidance which is of course if you look at this year's and compared to that next year's it's a low double-digit to mid double-digit year-over-year growth and when you look at the revenue growth compared to year-over-year that's a very strong double-digit which is about 25% or so, so what is the and better then guidance that is basically the earnings growth there is below the revenue growth.
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: Well the revenue growth include Ansoft and the Ansoft business is not profitable to see traditional intrinsic [ph] business now we did say that our target is to make that deal not be creative first 12 months but we still have to drive the interest burden and increase shares and just getting the whole foundation towards the traditional assets model one half in two quarters.
Unidentified Analyst: So, you are expecting acquisition from Ansoft in 2010 period in that case, not into 2009?
Maria T. Shields - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President - Finance and Administration: No in later 2009 we believe that it will be modernly creative but not in early '09.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, good. Thanks.
Operator: We will go Michael Wachove with Ark [ph] Asset management.
Unidentified Analyst: Actually you already answered my question, thanks.
Operator: And Mr. Cashman it appears, we have no further questions from queue.
James E. Cashman III - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Okay. So basically we are just enclose emphasize is going to be controlled focus on execution in tough times effective integration of the Ansoft and hopefully get supported by the years of history that we haven't here so that all I say that the customer acceptance of our existing vision and the unique value proposition, and the expansion of our product portfolio do we answer said that basically only bolsters the enthusiasm on long-term, continued to be propelled by that same combination of a solid business model. The royal customers over the years all the channel partners great technology and of course the ANSYS employees and like the bank all of them as well as a you for participating on this call. So, I guess we will sign off until next quarter call in February. Thank you.
Operator: Again, everyone thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect at any time. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-07 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Jim Cashman - President and CEO Maria Shields - CFO
Analysts: Andrew Matorin - JPMorgan Barbara Coffey - Kaufman Brothers Mark Schappel - The Benchmark Company David Heinz - Needham & Company Jack Miller - Robert Baird Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the ANSYS second quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). Today's conference is being recorded at the request of ANSYS Incorporated. If anyone has any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your speaker for this morning’s call, Mr. Jim Cashman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Cashman, you may begin.
Jim Cashman: Okay, thanks Anthony. Well good morning everyone and welcome to the ANSYS call for Q2 2008 and with me as usual today is Maria Shields, our CFO. We have a really full agenda today. As usual we'll outline the highlights of the quarter and the year-to-date and some overall summary comments and then go into greater depth on the operational results. We'll then go into some very encouraging qualitative factors that have been driving our business and in particular some opening comments on the acquisition of Ansoft Corporation, which closed on July 31. In the short amount of time since then we've been able to already start our integration efforts and we'll be provide initial guidance for the combined entity toward the end of the call. In the course of this, Maria will then update you on our line items expense performance, balance sheet, cash flows, and provide an update on our current outlook on earnings. And then after discussing all of these topics, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. So, to begin with, Maria, our Safe Harbor Statement.
Maria Shields: Okay. Good morning. Again thank you everyone for joining us. Before we get started, we will just do a little bit of housekeeping and remind everyone that during the course of this call, some matters that will be discussed is, either part of the prepared remarks or in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements. Those involves risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected.  Additionally the Company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are potential risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These are discussed at length in all of our public filings including our 2007 annual report to stockholders, all of which are available via our website. Any forward-looking statements are based upon our best judgment as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum.  And during the course of this call, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide supplemental information to our GAAP disclosures. And a discussion and full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is included in this morning's 8-K and earnings release. So with that I'll turn it back over the Jim.
Jim Cashman: Well, put, Maria. Thanks. Okay, so Q2 summary. Q2 performance, basically it was strong performance on virtually all aspects of the ANSYS business. It represented results at the upper end of the range of our non-GAAP revenue guidance and above our earnings guidance. As a repeat from the last quarter, the numbers that we're using are non-GAAP in our historically consistent fashion we've been doing that for year-after-year. Actually GAAP and non-GAAP revenues are equivalent for 2008 and they will be compared to the non-GAAP revenues for the comparable Q2 and first half of 2007. Non-GAAP earnings include the usual amortization and stock-based compensation adjustments for both 2007 and 2008 again as detailed in our earnings announcement. And as always we feel that this really does give the most accurate representation of the business. So for a high level perspective this was another very solid quarter even by our standards and off of a string of strong comparables. For the comparable quarter, we reported non-GAAP revenue of $111.2 million this represents a 21% increase from last Q2's of $92.3 million. This was at the high end of our guidance which was $109 to $111 million. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 40% with non-GAAP EPS of $0.42, up from last Q2's comparable $0.30. This was above our guidance and the analyst consensus and really driven by the solid revenue performance we saw. Just in the past few years our non-GAAP revenue and EPS performance for the quarter, both primarily a direct consequence of strong top line performance which basically has been driven by increasing customer adoption by the time you deal it through everything. All major aspects of the business performed well, double-digit growth in each geography and major product line. We saw a continued strong growth in operating margins, cash flows, and a real stable business model, basically every metric was positive. There was continued acceleration of customer engagements that included expansion in our major accounts and the addition of many new customers. Our results included 12 seven-figure orders that actually disproportionately went to deferred revenue. The majority of these were from existing customers and they were forecasted as part of our Q2 guidance. There was a continued expansion of portfolio sales and cross selling, something that we expect to cultivate with Ansoft over the next few years.  At the 50,000-foot level we are hearing the same messages from customers, there’s general economic concerns for sure that heighten the need for competitive advantages that basically we feel can greatly be facilitated by uncompromising simulation offerings.  So, that was the summary comments. Let’s slice down the operational highlights first. As previously mentioned, our non-GAAP revenue for the quarter, $111.2 million which was 21% over the $92.3 million of Q2, 2007. Non-GAAP diluted earnings for the quarter grew 40% to $0.42, up from $0.30 per share in Q2 of 2007. This exceeded the analysts’ consensus and basically marks the 43rd consecutive quarter that we have exceeded or met non-GAAP EPS.  Overall, non-GAAP operating margins for the quarter were 48%. The reason for this is threefold. First of all, the strong revenue performance filtered disproportionately down to the bottom line. Secondly, license revenues composed a higher percentage than usual in the product mix. And then finally the Ansoft acquisition temporarily changed our expense landscape in a couple of ways.  The first of these were discretionary expenses that were deferred or refactored in anticipation of the combined entity going forward. And then secondly, we focused on completing the acquisition obviously and some of these expenses had to be classified as transaction costs and therefore they went to the balance sheet instead of the income statement.  The important thing is on a go-forward basis, we’ll be looking at the more traditional levels of operating margins with the ability to generate upside and while continuing our investments for the long-term opportunity which we stay bullish on.  Additionally from this point forward, our margins will be a blended ANSYS-Ansoft margin, that's a little lower than our standard margins and therefore lower than those of this past quarter. But this has happened in every acquisition that we have done and we’ve demonstrated our ability to build of the strength of the ANSYS business model to grow these margins over time.  Non-GAAP gross margins continued in line with our business model at a healthy 86%. And we saw continued strong cash flows from operations. For the quarter, it was over $55 million, which is a 49% increase over the comparable $37 million of last Q2. If we expand out and look at the first six months of 2008, we reported total non-GAAP revenue of $220.8 million, which was a 21% over the first half of last year.  Software license business was disproportionately strong, but the maintenance and service also grew well. The year-to-date non-GAAP EPS was $0.82, a 39% increase over the $0.59 in 2007. Non-GAAP operating and gross margins were 48% and 86% respectively for the first half. And the cash flows from operations were over $92 million for the first six months, which is a 56% increase over the first half of 2007.  Now we can go through the numbers, we’ll go through a number of different perspectives. So let's start with the category of business first. So, overall consolidated non-GAAP software license revenue grew 24% for the quarter and 25% for the first half of the year. Total paid-up licenses grew at 30% for the quarter and 31% for the year-to-date.  The lease business grew at 20% for the quarter to remain around 40% of revenue. And for the year-to-date, it also grew at 20%, basically representing 39% of our total revenues and of course this always continues to aid in our overall visibility and strengthens our repeatable business base.  Total maintenance and service grew about 15% for both the quarter and the year-to-date. Now the pure software and enhancement subscription portion grew in the mid-20s for both the quarter and the year. The pure services element actually declined, this is partially in line with our guidance to focus on higher margin services, but also we were obviously drawn into supporting the expanding software license growth, so see that still being pretty much in line with where we are heading corporate. We saw our continued good balance between both the high end and the desktop products. The upper-end products continued to perform well with all portions of the multi-physics and higher level software growing in excess of 20%. The lower end products grew a little less than that, but this is really a direct consequence of our recent ability over the last few years to provide the upper-end solutions. Remember I mentioned the need for non-compromising solutions, but we combined those with the things we have been doing for almost a decade with the lower end ease of use.  So, still basically this is completely in line with the competitive pressures and customer desires for those high-fidelity solutions. Our direct and indirect businesses, both performed proportionately well, maintaining a 69% to 31% split. That's in favor of direct, and as a repeat from previous calls, we feel this is significant for a couple of reasons.  First of all, it shows continued strength in our indirect channel, but it also demonstrates a future opportunity to selectively expand our product portfolio in to that channel to take advantage of market opportunities. Business intake was also strong, it grew right in line with our revenue growth and it basically is what allowed the deferred revenue to rise 25% from last Q2’s to $158.7 million which is another company record.  Our strong repeatable business base, it remains at a healthy 69%. So, even with our robust growth, the consistent ability to maintain a solid base of recurring or repeatable revenue has been one of the hallmarks of our business model, it basically afford us visibility going into the quarter and it’s helped to reduce the variability of the traditional back-end loading of revenue in the quarter. Basically, we think that this is direct result of the commitment that we've had over the years to invest a high percentage of our revenue back into R&D, which basically then allows our customers to solve their increasingly complex design issues. So, you pile all of those factors together and we have a solid balance sheet and strong cash flows as I mentioned before, $55 million for the quarter and $92 million for the year-to-date, which we have used to totally retire the debt associated with the 2006 acquisition of Fluent, obviously several years ahead of schedule. And of course we will be taking on a new round of debt associated with the acquisition of Ansoft and we will have more on that later. Turning our attention to the geographic view, as I mentioned at the opening comments, we saw a strong double-digit growth for all these regions. It was accentuated by a combination of industry breadth, new customers and large scale expansion within the existing customers. North America increased at 14% for the quarter, 13% year-to-date. And while certain pockets of North America have seen more economic slowdown, North America is also the place where we've seen some of the most robust large account activity. In fact, I mentioned that number, a seven figure deal, it’s actually nine of those seven figure deals and many, many more at the $0.5 million and above level came from North American customers. It's also important to note that a fair amount of business activity that, in the past would normally be in North America was actually implemented and therefore accounted for in other regions of the world. US multinationals in particular appear to be expanding their global usages at a faster pace in light of their business opportunities and realities. Nevertheless, we saw strong growth typically in excess of 20% in each of the ANSYS direct major account offices, basically and we also saw increasing activity out of the indirect channel too. So, major orders in North America came from a typical mix of longstanding and new customers, pretty long list here. Let's see. They become common place, Delphi, General Atomics, Honeywell, Goodrich, Intel, Caterpillar, Lockheed Martin, Hatch which is actually a large consulting company of the mining and metallurgy sectors, more on that later.  This beyond, Shell Oil, Corning, the United Launch Alliance, Train, Hewlett Packard, Westinghouse, Pratt & Whitney, Boeing, Cummins, Dresser-Rand, GT Solar, NASA, Walter Reed Army Medical Center, Solar Turbines, Halliburton, ExxonMobil and Whirlpool, I mean the list is fairly impressive and goes on for a while. But again, indicates that general need for the high-end comprehensive simulation solutions. Europe continued its impressive performance with an overall 28% growth for the quarter. While there was good balance across the region, Germany and the Central Europe portion led with a 35% growth. There was a positive currency impact. It was $3.3 million for the quarter, but the growth for the quarter was about 20% ex-currency. For the year, Europe has grown at about 27% and over 18% in constant dollar terms. The largest deals in Europe included again repeat customers and new ones, ALSTOM, Rolls-Royce, Ariva, Red Bull Racing, Volvo, Scania, Airbus, Siemens, Hitachi Power, Expro North Sea Limited, Atlas Airpower, [Rodia, Daleo,] Fusion for Energy, Shell, BAE, ABB, Philips, BP and Bayer, we probably see some trends in there, but I'll be talking more on those in a few minutes. And our general international area continued to grow well and with quite balanced performance. But there are a number of sub-themes here. The overall growth for the region was 17% for the quarter and Japan grew at 20%. The rest of GIA grew in the lower double-digits. While most of the higher potential areas grew well, China had a number of orders that were deferred as the company turned its efforts to the internal response of the massive earthquake that hit them in Q2.  And all indications are we expect to book these orders over the next few quarter, but it does service one additional example of how our geographic diversity provides some protection just for the multitude of things that can happen around the globe. Growth for year-to-date in GIA is 24% or about 18% in constant currencies. And if we just go down a brief list of the key customer engagements in the region, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Toyota, Honda, Ishikawajima Heavy Industries, Canon, Hitachi, Matsushita Electric, Honeywell, Mitsubishi Truck, Nippon Steel, Sumitomo Metal Mining, Kobe Steel, Bharat Heavy Electricals, Sumitomo Electric, Fuji Heavy Industries. I think you are probably already seeing a trend that I am going to point to in future, but Toshiba, Bajaj Auto, Embraer, Ashok Leyland, Sony, Tokyo Electron, Japan Atomic Energy Agency. So, as you can readily tell from this list, just the short list here that we saw a continuing variety of orders from both locally-based businesses as well as expansion with the multinationals. So as you can tell on a world-wide basis, we are seeing continued industry breadth from the list of large orders, but evident the small orders too, the trend toward all forms of energy optimization, whether it is conventional or Petro, oil gas, nuclear, alternative continues to be very important.  But we are also seeing and you tell it from that list, we are seeing ripple effects from the rising energy costs that are benefiting us. The number of auto, aircraft, and engine companies that are modulating their businesses to the new economic realities of energy cost continues to grow. I think you can see that in just the sublists I provided.  In the Auto industry, the new calculus of energy costs, it’s given rise to a wave of innovation in electric drives, fuel cells, hybrids and hydrogen engines as well as in aerodynamic performance. Even general efficiency improvements in existing technology is becoming important.  One of them actually even borders around a complete revisiting of the internal combustion engine that had the efficiency of diesel and they are doing all of this is in a conceptual standpoint even without prototypes. In all of these cases, a rapid understanding of some very complex problems with extreme accuracy is essential. And that basically is the pure core strength on ANSYS multi-physics, a key differentiator.  A similar pattern exists in the airframe and aero-engine arena where energy efficiencies with no margin for failure, no allowance for that, it is paramount, but it is not stopping there because in that list and the reason why it was a little bit longer, than maybe unusual was, you might have noticed that metals and mining figure prominently as do general heavy industries involving construction and infrastructure renewal around the globe and of course all of these are being driven by a combination of huge energy costs and environmental concerns, at least that's the word we get from these range of customers.  Now apart from industry breadth, most of the other trends persist. There's increased penetration within our strong and broad customer base, you heard a lot of familiar names of people who have listened to these calls over the years. The pipeline of new opportunities is increasingly solid. So, even amidst those challenges that I mentioned earlier, we are seeing growing interest.  We are encouraged by the continuing multi-year momentum, both in existing and new customers, but nonetheless, even with this increasing interest, there's also a cause for constant vigilance due to the daily headlines that we see relative to increasing energy costs, tightening labor markets, concerns about slowing growth in certain parts of the US economy, currency fluctuations and the list goes on. So all or any of these can positively or adversely influence timing and patterns of our customers’ buying decisions.  So, we actually included these issues in our last call and we tried to factor it in to our revenue guidance. And I think we did so with reasonable visibility and accuracy. Now we will continue to endeavor to do so going forward while also simultaneously working with the Ansoft team to gain a similar level of confidence in their business visibility.  So in summary, there was double-digit growth around the globe and as you can tell from the list of customer names, there was good industry and major account activity, continuing strong performance in every major geography and virtually all the sub regions with a few totally understandable minor exceptions like what had happened in China. Major accounts were particularly potent.  In short there was solid performance everywhere, but again there are areas we can improve almost everywhere too. So in light of this progress we are continuing our ramp up of the customer facing organization in response to this growing opportunity.  Now, obviously this is all predicated on to the core strength in some of the industry-leading products we have. So how did that reflect on those, so from a product revenue standpoint, basically we saw no significant changes in either the trend or the guidance we have given you over the past few quarters, consolidated paid-up software licenses grew by 30% quarter-to-quarter. The lease business as I mentioned has remained at 40% of total. All parts of our product spectrum did well with good overall balance.  The software maintenance and enhancement subscription business grew at 23% for the quarter and 24% for the year-to-date. As I mentioned earlier, high end sales grew disproportionately, but the bottom line is with the pressures our customers are facing, they simply can't compromise on the scope or the accuracy of the solutions that they're trying to get.  ASPs for the quarter actually increased noticeably at the high end largely driven by a move toward more comprehensive solution purchases. This has been a multi-quarter trend also that we have talked about if you go back and review. And at the low end, adjusted for volume purchases, ASPs were slightly up.  From a qualitative standpoint, I just have to say that the broadest, deepest set of integrated simulation tools basically that has been driving this customer adoption, it’s just continued to get broader and deeper.  And it will be getting even broader and deeper yet since we were able to close the Ansoft acquisition after a number of hurdles. We have already been able after a lot of anticipation and chomping at the bit to finally apply tension to putting two great companies together. One early certainty is that we have a very good team of people and world class technology joining us.  We also feel that there is, there is the ability to leverage the strength of the ANSYS business model and technology base over the long term to provide lasting value for customers, employees and shareholders. The net impact is that we are reiterating our projections of making this modestly accretive within the first 12 months of combined operations and we will be elaborating on that toward the end of this call.  Now being able to do complete product simulations across all industries with our customers’ products that are becoming an increasingly a blur of mechanical and electrical effects is particularly exciting to us. And especially key is to be able to do this in an egalitarian plug and play manner in a Cad-neutral environment that exists in most of our client supply chains and to do that with our myriad of partners.  So a lot of exciting things there, that there has obviously been a lot of other news that I'll just hit the highlights on real quickly and actually some of them may even sound a little an anti-climactic, but there is being a lot going on. ANSYS was recently upgraded to the Russell 1000, basically emblematic of the corporate strides that we've made. Additionally we were moved from the S&P 600 SmallCap to the S&P 400 MidCap. And then finally, we were one of only 13 US based IT company to be included in the S&P Global Challengers list, basically comprised of 300 strong performers across the globe.  And of course, at the end of August we'll be holding our biannual ANSYS international conference in Pittsburg. So, we've been doing a lot to prepare for that. This is always a key event to introduce our upcoming software as well as to commune with our customers throughout the globe. I have to admit that the timing of this is particularly good since it allows us a great opportunity to introduce our customer base to the new Ansoft capabilities and a similar opportunity in reverse for Ansoft customer. And it's already shaping up to be the largest yet in the company's 38-year history. So concluding, in summary we had another very strong quarter by all metrics, both the quantitative and qualitative factors showed progress. And the results are demonstrated in our continued financial and market performance. We are able to do this while navigating the regulatory hurdles involved with the Ansoft acquisition, continuing our R&D innovation and of course preparing for the ANSYS conference and a number of other initiatives that we feel are essential to building the foundation for our future growth. Our earnings and cash flow remain solid which should serve to continue our investment patterns in technical innovation and in sales as well as to support the debt that is associated with the Ansoft acquisition. So we'll reiterate our long-term commitment to taking our markets to a new level and to continue our pursuit of meeting customer expectations and our corporate commitment to our shareholders. So I think over the long term, we've demonstrated the ability to grow the top line in accordance with our guidance underscored by this past quarter, but we've also being able to maintain solid margins and solid earnings growth.  So with this, again we're going to maintain the drive to our long-term vision, long-term optimism definitely there increasing confidence of recent, they are both intact, but we're going to continue to attempt for this with our eye toward all those range of short-term factors out there. So actually now I think, I'll just turn it over to Maria Shields, our CFO again to provide you with a more detailed look at our financials, expense structure, balance sheet, highlights as well as other key factors of the quarter's business and maybe some comments on Ansoft and our outlook on the future. So, Maria.
Maria Shields: Okay. Thanks, Jim. We'll move right into cost of sales. Excluding acquisition-related amortization and the impact of stock-based compensation which combined totaled $4.9 million. Cost of sales for the second quarter totaled $15.7 million and that compares to $13.6 million in the second quarter of '07.  This resulted in overall non-GAAP gross profit margin of 86% for the second quarter and on a year-to-date basis, 2008 non-GAAP cost of sales which exclude $10.1 million of acquisition related amortization and stock-based compensation totaled $31.3 million compared to $27.1 million, also resulting in an 86% non-GAAP gross profit margin for the first half. On the SG&A front, for the second quarter our total expenses which exclude $2.3 million of stock-based comp were $25.9 million compared to $25.6 million in last year's Q2 and for the first half, SG&A expenses excluding $4.1 million of stock-based comp were $52.7 million compared to $51 million in the first half of last year. Looking ahead for the second half, we will continue to make investments in building our global sales and business infrastructure, as we integrate the Ansoft acquisition to support scalability and growth for the combined businesses going forward. In the area of R&D total expense for the quarter net of approximately $700,000 related to stock-based comp were $15.8 million compared to $13.1 million in Q2 of last year. And for the first half, our total investment in R&D excluding $1.4 million of stock-based comp has reached $31.1 million compared to $25.6 million for the first six months of last year. Based upon our current outlook for the remainder of 2008, we're targeting a blended rate in the mid-teens range relative to our continued investment in R&D for the new combined company.  For the second quarter and the first half of 2008, we delivered a solid non-GAAP operating profit margin of approximately 48%, admittedly these are above what we have planned coming in, out of the gates in 2008, but as Jim articulated earlier we've adjusted various aspects of our original '08 planned spend in the first half in the anticipation of the Ansoft acquisition. Our consolidated effective tax rate for the second quarter and first half were at 35% and 37% respectively. The second quarter tax rate was below what we had originally targeted, and that's primarily as a result of increased domestic manufacturing benefits and a shift in pre-tax income to certain foreign jurisdictions that have lower effective tax rates than the US. And at this time, we are anticipating that throughout the remainder of this year, we should be able to maintain a consolidated tax rate somewhere in that 37% to 39% range.  For the second quarter, ANSYS reported a 40% increase in non-GAAP EPS to $0.42 on 82.1 million diluted shares, compared to $0.30 on 80.9 million shares in the second quarter of last year. And on a year-to-date basis, our non-GAAP EPS has increased 39% to $0.82 on 81.9 million diluted shares, compared to $0.59 on 80.8 million shares for the first half of last year.  So, just to quickly summarize, the highlights of the drivers of our Q2 earnings, we had solid organic revenue growth led by greater than 20% growth in both the software license and annual maintenance subscription business. We expanded our operating margin, albeit, this was influenced by the delay of the timing of Ansoft and more sustainable tax rate than we had originally projected coming into the quarter.  So if we take a quick look at the balance sheet at June 30th, our total cash and short term investments were at $202 million, our consolidated net DSO was at 45 days and the record cash flows of $55. 1 million in the second quarter and $92.3 million in the first half enabled us to pay off the remaining debts from the Fluent acquisition well in advance of the original 2011 contractual pay off date.  And with the recent closing of the Ansoft acquisition, the company did borrow $355 million under a new five-year credit facility. The debt carries an initial effective rate of approximately 4.7% which will gradually migrate down to lower rate tiers as we utilize the operating cash flows to pay down the debt and reduce our leverage just like what you saw us do with the Fluent acquisition.  Also, we saw in Q2 and for the first half, given our level of international business, our 2008 results may continue to be favorably impacted by currency. In our current projections, we are assuming that rates stay roughly the same as the current rate environment and if things change in the future, we will modulate our outlook and let you know accordingly.  So, currently based upon the current business visibility in the pipeline, we are increasing our annual outlook for non-GAAP EPS to a range of $1.61 to $1.64 for the full year of 2008. For the upcoming third quarter which will include two months of Ansoft operations, we are targeting non-GAAP EPS of $0.36 to $0.37.  This assumes fully diluted share count of about 91 million shares to Q3 and we look forward to updating all of you relative to our progress with the Ansoft acquisition and our business in general after we get through this upcoming important first quarter of combined operations. Jim?
Jim Cashman: Okay. Okay. Thanks, Maria. So to recap, okay first I'd say the continued strong and sustained, diversified financial performance of all major parameters of the business, slice it by revenue, earnings, margin, cash flow, business base, and even going forward, visibility. Secondly,. the closure of the Ansoft acquisition. Third of which is probably just the increasing customer interest marked by the increased activity, it is across a broad front. It is evidenced by industry, geography, commitment levels, everything at least that's kind of how it is being represented by how the customers are interacting with us.  And then probably, finally a rapidly expanding product portfolio augmented by partnerships, relationships and technology distribution and customers. They just got a lot bigger as a result of the July 31st Ansoft closure.  So, the long-term outlook stays bullish for the remainder of 2008. As Maria mentioned we are raising our estimates from the last call, it is based on Q2’s performance and the newest data available to us and then combining them with the Ansoft contributions.  We anticipate a good Q3 performance, but just to remind everyone that with Europe contributing around 40% of our revenues, this is always a challenging quarter with summer seasonality. Of course we will also be having the non-comparable expense at the ANSYS conference. And there are a couple of other non-standard factors to keep in mind with the combined guidance. First, we will be including a couple of months of Ansoft contribution in this quarter.  So just a reminder, Ansoft was on April 30th fiscal year and so we only get a couple of months from that. Second of all, their historical revenue patterns within the quarter exhibit a much steeper hockey stick affect than that of ANSYS. So as such the disproportionately large third month of their traditional quarter will not come into play in our calendar Q3.  Secondly, the initial financing charges will be highest during this period. Nevertheless, for Q3 we expect non-GAAP revenue in the $123 million to $127 million range with non-GAAP earnings in the $0.36 to $0.37 range.  For fiscal year 2008, our guidance for non-GAAP revenue is an increase to the $493 million to $499 million range with non-GAAP EPS increasing again as Maria mentioned in the $1.61 to $1.64 range. Even despite the mild initial delusion from the Ansoft acquisition. 2009 is shaping up to be accretive on a non-GAAP basis, totally consistent with our earlier projections of a modest accretion in the first 12 months of combined operations, although we're not giving specific guidance for 2009 at this juncture. As I mentioned we continue to ramp up parts of our business in a judicious manner, particularly in the sales and support ground to take advantage of market opportunities. We're going to continue to monitor the shorter-term market factors on a global basis, again, as we've demonstrated over the years and of course our acquisition teams will be striving to maximize the opportunity of the Ansoft acquisition in a manner similar to our past history with other acquisitions. Overall, we are pleased that given the strength of the core ANSYS business and the anomalies that will be behind us going in to 2009, we're still forecasting to deliver solid top and bottom line results for Q3 and the remainder of 2008 that will strengthen the foundations as we enter into next year. So with that in mind, probably it would be good if we just concluded here for the time being and see if there are any specific questions you might have. Like things going on.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Cashman. (Operator Instructions). We will take your our first question from Andrew Matorin with JPMorgan.
Andrew Matorin - JPMorgan: Thank you very much. If you could talk a little bit, Jim about, how you are seeing adoption across verticals and if you are seeing large deal volume in specific verticals or across all of your verticals and, how you see that playing out over time?
Jim Cashman: Okay. Well actually and I apologize because really the list of these, of the accounts I know is probably a little bit longer, but it was actually just to illustrate that specific point. And again, I think that the, first of all you still see this continuing thing across the globe of any things directly related to all forms of energy whether it be conventional, maintenance and expansion of the traditional oil and gas capabilities, but also resurgence and nuclear, but also trying to drive innovation and actually bring the reality of some alternate forms even quicker. So, that is why you will see a bunch of those. And I think, I won’t go through those names again, but those were some of the ones that were in there. Of course we also talked a little bit about and I think if you read even the business publications, you will see how the new factors of energy are driving things in the automotive and the traditional industry, I mean the whole economic concerns in terms of fuel efficiency for airlines and therefore the impact on airframe, in particular Aeroengine manufacturers is particularly key, but also the amount of innovation going in, I mean, a lot of the legacy concerns that used to drive automotive have shifted over to okay. Now how do we take advantage of these new innovations that are going to be necessary for ongoing survival. But, I also spoke of some of the things that I think are a ripple effect because, I mentioned a lot of heavy industry companies making the massive machinery and construction equipment and things like that, that we are seeing a lot of infrastructure building around the globe and a lot of attention toward infrastructure renewal even inside US and North America.  And we are seeing that, we are seeing also the general metals, materials and mining sectors, because if you look at the cost of finding, extracting, and refining all of those materials, obviously there is a lot of environmental and energy cost concerns with those.  So, I would say, we are still seeing the same thing, I have always said for years is that the leaders in all industries are heavily flocking to ANSYS solutions and simulation in general. However, particular those industries and I think the only new twist on it compared to the previous last few quarters has been what I call this ripple effect of other industries that are also being driven by those overall concerns.
Andrew Matorin - JPMorgan: All right, yes. Thank you. And then a question for Maria. On the operating margins, post Ansoft, I know you are not giving guidance longer-term on that, but how should we think about that with respect to what we saw with Fluent and obviously the nice margin expansion you are able to get overtime.  Do you anticipate a similar type of performance with the Ansoft acquisition or is there something fundamentally different about their business that might prevent that?
Maria Shields: Well, one of the fundamental differences is coming right out of the gate, their operating profit margins were a little stronger than Fluent's were, when we acquired them. Certainly I would say for the rest of '08, you are probably looking at combined operating profit margins more in the low 40s and I believe overtime we are going to make investments just like we did in Fluent and every other acquisition to build processes and infrastructure to absorb Ansoft into the ANSYS business that will certainly derive synergies, but they won't be coming out of the gate.
Jim Cashman: I would agree with Maria's comments as she stated them. I would say in general you will see a very consistent contour, maybe a slightly expanded timeframe, but, not oceans apart. So the fact is there is a lot of things that as we expand into these new spaces, that we want to make sure that we maximize the total area end of the curve.  So looking at the long-term, building is going to be a key thing aspect too, but I think the similar phenomenon that you have looked at, it is going to play a big roll on this also.
Andrew Matorin - JPMorgan: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take your next question from Barbara Coffey with Kaufman Brothers.
Barbara Coffey - Kaufman Brothers: Yes, good morning. Could you walk through how you expect to cross train your sales people and the timetable that you expect it will take for the ANSYS people to be selling through the Ansoft solutions and vice versa?
Jim Cashman: Well actually, I think it maybe, first of all, I will give you some high level precepts, but it is probably a little bit premature since we are now about four or five business days into being able to even do with that standpoint, but it is going be in a manner very similar to how we have expanded. If you think of how far we have come in the last ten years in terms of expanding all of this, when you are talking about not only expanding breadth, but also doing that with extreme depth, there is a lot to come into play and it usually does not exist in any one person to do that.  So, we have set up a network where we continue to have people who are very deep, subject matter sales and support people. But we still have to work those under an overall framework of dealing with major account customers. So you almost have to think of it as continually moving down a pyramid where you don't take everybody and turn them into geniuses in all aspects of the business.  So that will take a certain amount of time, but the fact is that the people who already know the physics are already in place and will be focusing on that. And then we need to provide the tools and the basic understanding for those higher level people. That actually can occur rather quickly. The final part is now rolling out to the channel and we will see those same things. There are certain channel partners and this has always been the case that we are able to immediately grasp this, they make immediate investments and they come up the curve very quickly.  There is another group that is probably the largest or the largest part of the group that is very interested, but it will take them a little bit more time. That is typically in a one-year to two-year window type of thing and it takes them the time to ramp up. And frankly our indirect channel is very consistent, but it is not totally homogeneous. There is probably a small portion of those that may not ever get to that point or they may choose not to move in that area, but that is the same dynamic we have seen forever.  So basic familiarization, so we can start to combine the technologies, basically have our technology teams determine how to get an immediate impact by linking together capabilities with the development then of a long-term product road map that follows on and also maintaining the deep quality expertise and sales support and technology that exists in those companies today and still allow those to be applied together.  And in fact the one way we have started is we actually have if you will a bipartisan team that actually is defining the best way to assemble those assets and do it in the way that provides value to the customer, but also provides career growth and satisfaction for the employees.
Barbara Coffey - Kaufman Brothers: And just as a follow up, generally speaking are they the same head of engineering types buying the software for Ansoft as ANSYS?
Jim Cashman: Not, not really. There is a lot of company overlap by name, but if you look at it traditionally because of the DNA pools from which these things came, the electronics people sometimes tend to be different buying standards or different clusters than the traditional ones. I think if you ask the same question, if someone that buys an ECAD System versus buying an MCAD system.  Those people making those choices and solving the problems tend to be different people, however at some point, they do converge in an organization. And from that standpoint we do see some overlap in terms of central technology bodies, IT groups and even in some cases the boardrooms. So even if the engineering might be done in different groups, they actually do converge at least in some of those, those are the ones where we already have those interactions, but this will be a progressive evolutionary operation on top of it all.
Barbara Coffey - Kaufman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Mark Schappel with the Benchmark Company.
Mark Schappel - The Benchmark Company: Hi. Good morning.
Maria Shields: Morning.
Mark Schappel - The Benchmark Company: Just to start with you, with the concerns over the general economy out there, are you seeing any above average movement within your customer base to move toward your leasing your software?
Jim Cashman: No, as you have probably heard, if anything, if I had to say that there was a slight leaning, a very small tick, it actually seems like the companies that are investing if anything they might lean slightly toward the perpetual licenses because they are building this and they are viewing this as being now a long-term commitment and survival issue. It is difference of buying versus renting. However, I mean as evidenced in the numbers and at the end of the day, the numbers pretty much paint the picture, is the lease business has continued to grow along with it.  And as I mentioned it stayed right around that 39%, 40% of total business. So, it is been growing somewhat proportionately. But, if you even slice it down just a little bit, if you need to shade it one way or the other. I would say if anything is more of a slight trend toward that. Now the only other Bellwether we have for that is we did see for a short period of time, post 9/11 and things like that, some people did tend to, if they could not get access to capital dollars or approvals, they did shift that. We are just not seeing that now. We have seen it in the past and that is normally how it manifests itself, not deciding not to buy something but changing the ground rules under which they acquire it, but that is just what we have seen so far and one historical footnote that we can point to.
Mark Schappel - The Benchmark Company: Okay. Thanks. And a follow up, this was the second consecutive quarter that we are seeing a seven-figure deals for the company. I think you did five in the quarter before that. Obviously much higher than the one to two deals we generally associate with the company. I was wondering if we should be changing the way we view the company with respect to large deals going forward?
Jim Cashman:  Well I will tell you, we still are not. In fact the one thing I said back when we had not many six-figure orders I said, the string of grow with the customer real-time in a symbiotic fashion. That was what we started targeting ten years ago. And even when we started to get seven-figure deals, we said we are not actually, we are interested in supplying the demand as soon as it pops up, not waiting for it to get pent-up and then shoot behind the duck and go after it. So, actually we did have a disproportionate number last quarter and this quarter we had what12 of them. And I mentioned that the majority of that stuff though however went into deferred revenue. And so, the bottom line is we are not changing the way we interact with customers. They may buy in certain patterns again based on their reality, but we are going after the continued growth and expansion inside the customers as they evolve to newer generations of simulation usage and realities and I think, these seven-figure deals are really just more of an artifact as opposed to anything we are changing in what we are doing.  So, for instance we are not inferring anything going forward and we are not changing the way we do that standpoint because frankly the relationships we have with our customers have being I think serving both our customers and us well. Maria, do you notice any patterns similar?
Maria Shields: No. I would just say particularly if you listen to some of the names, Mark, those that are experiencing, either doing extremely well and who are no doubt leaders in their space and want to continue to be leaders coming out of some of the slowdowns in certain geographies are no doubt investing more just to drive innovation for when the tides turn.
Mark Schappel - The Benchmark Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from [David Heinz] with Needham & Company.
David Heinz - Needham & Company:  Hi. Thanks. Jim can you update us, as to where you think we are in terms of market penetration in the core ANSYS business and then give us some perspective as to the size of the market opportunity that Ansoft brings into the fold and how this might if at all change the market penetration as a combined entity?
Jim Cashman: Well let me wind those backwards, because the easy one is that every time we have added a world class significant technology to the ANSYS portfolio, we have almost immediately seen at least increased interest across customer base and usually subsequent adoption that tracks with that.  So, in general, that is obviously some of the things, our technology teams and our customers’ teams need to deal with this thing, okay we now have increased opportunity. What do we choose to do with that opportunity and obviously the right choice is to try to optimize it. In terms of the, and boy this is the most bedeviling question, the thing in terms of percent penetration and total market size because, the fact is this is not a fixed aggregate pie that is growing in a certain standpoint anymore than, ask anybody what the size of the home computing market was, the home PC market back in the 80s with MS-DOS and then ask them the same question when this other thing came up.  So, in general we still have a long way to go in even the traditional core ANSYS businesses because the core ANSYS business is not a static concern. It is not an incremental concern. We are trying to push through the threshold barriers to people utilizing it, such that if people are trying to now, if the traditional automotive industries, at least some of them are trying to implement new technologies that they don't have 30 years of tried and true practices on, they have got to have tools that allow them to project that without having the benefit of all the prototype and all the experience. So, you got to have very predictive and accurate solutions. So, that is an essence of something you could not see as being a creeping organic growth when people try to say, here is the size of the current market and it is growing in aggregate at X%. These are things that are causing these dislocations that are driving the opportunity.  But, I think it is very safe to say that under any metric, the core penetration is way low and I do not think that we can think in terms of the long-term market as clearly being an existing pie that grows at some arbitrary percentage per year because that will miss all the new innovations and customer realities that we are try to go forward. However, I would still say any of the numbers that I have thrown out in the past that deal with all of this fuzzy logic is that 20%, 30% thing, but keep in mind the target is continuing to grow. And all I have got to do is turn you back ten years ago when people were saying the size of the market is this and it is basically saturated and it is going to grow at 5%. I mean that has not been the truth and that methodology would not have led, in fact it probably kept people from even saying why bother investing in this because this is what the reality is.  So, I just definitely have problems answering the question because I have problems with the underlying premise, but it is under-penetrated by any metric you can use and we think the long-term opportunity while not knowing is it going to bubble up in three years, five years or ten years, the fact is the driving trends that are forcing customers to use this, they are increasing and they don't show signs of slacking off. At the end of the day, I think I have said a number of times we probably won’t sleep until every engineer has these tools at their beck and call, just the way they have word processing these days and ten years ago you would have been laughed at if you said every engineer will have word processing on their desks, they would say that is a waste of engineering talent.
David Heinz - Needham & Company: Got it. That is helpful color. And then one quick follow-up. As combined with Ansoft, what percent of total revs will be recurring and what I am trying to get at, will the acquisition give you more or less visibility heading into a given quarter?
Jim Cashman: Well, starting out slightly less, their model does not have, very few models out there, traditionally had either the profitability or the visibility. They actually have pretty good profitability as Maria alluded to. However, their visibility is not quite up and those are elements if you recall in some of the points that I was trying to hit earlier on. I talked about certain elements of the ANSYS business model that I think will be one of those, one of those hidden synergies that will allow us to build the go forward.  So it is something that we will ramp up overtime, but it starts out just like the blended margins will drop down a little bit. And as the business models tends to proliferate, we plan on building those overtime. Likewise for things such as visibility and the like, but at the heart of it, the good news is again, you have got two solid businesses you are bringing together, you have got two good groups of people and obviously you have a bunch of fairly uncontested technology to work with.
David Heinz - Needham & Company: Got it, thanks for taking my questions.
Jim Cashman: Okay
Operator: We will now take our next question from Steve Ashley with Robert Baird.
Jack Miller - Robert Baird: Hi. This is actually Jack Miller filling in for Steve. Just a quick question on your 2008 revenue guidance raising that number, just curious if the total amount of the raise is all from Ansoft or to what extent have you increased your outlook for the organic growth of the business.
Jim Cashman: No, first answer, a categorically no. It was not just Ansoft, but we actually raised our revenue, our revenue guidance. I do not know if the…
Maria Shields: Just overall we are still targeting in the probably 15% to 17% for the organic business and an opportunity for upside as we get more visibility going forward.
Jim Cashman: So that mid to upper teens, long term that we have been talking about for ages, like a baseline still in tact, but the net impact is that there was definitely an increase both top and bottom line for the core business.
Jack Miller - Robert Baird: Okay, great. And then just a related question. You have talked about retaining all the Ansoft employees, just curious if that has been the case or if there has been any attrition in the sales force of the developers, have you been able to retain all the key employees that you had hoped to?
Jim Cashman: Well, in general, we never start off with a predication of obviously of doing headcount, we start from a bias of saying wait a minute, good company. Remember I said that from the beginning, good people, great technology. So we are going to keep that. However, again in these situations there is always a little bit of situation that changes. However, relatively and some people do it for good reasons and some people do it for not very good reasons.  So, in general, apart from the fact that the CEO retired, but that was a planned activity, it is basically the teams are pretty much in place.
Jack Miller - Robert Baird: Great. Thanks.
Operator: We will now take your next question from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Yes. Congratulations on these fine results. On a combined basis, do you anticipate any significant changes in your capital spending either for 2008 or going into 2009?
Maria Shields: No. I think the rates that you have been seeing of what we have been doing because some of what we have invested in the past couple of years has been migrating Fluent on to some of the ANSYS platforms and investing in infrastructure. So with that behind us then, you will see some investment relative to those same activities for Ansoft, but I do not think you will see any huge additional ramp up.
Jim Cashman: That is correct. Keep in mind we have been talking actually over the last three or four quarters, obviously the financial systems is one aspect, we need to do that obviously with Ansoft, but we had also talked about in response to the customer demand and the increasing footprint we have got that over several quarters we had a project under way to converge the front of office or basically customer relation management sales force automation capabilities.  So, that was already underway and of course those are things that, obviously now we will also factor in the right way to bring Ansoft in. However, again no major trajectory changes that I can see.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And Maria, I think you had said that your queue or something like that it said about $13 million for '08, is that still approximately the figure you would expect?
Maria Shields: Yes, on the organic business and then I would probably add in for Ansoft, maybe say an incremental $1 million on the topside.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Greg Dunham with Deutsche Bank.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank:  Yes. Thank you. I want to hit on the more favorable mix of revenues going forward and what you have posted here recently. As services declined while deal sizes are going up and you are doing bigger deals with multinationals, could you just talk about that in terms of that migration and how we should expect that going forward?
Jim Cashman: Well, we have been trying to track and determine what is the difference between spikes and trends. Let's talk about. First of all, there are trends that we are driving to and there are trends that we observe and then there are other things we are still trying to determine in aggregate, because when you’ve got a user base and a geography base this diversified making sure that you don’t over categorize things is also a concern. With regard to the pure body for hire services, we are a software technology company. And for us services are a way to amplify and accelerate software adoption. So, we said from the very beginning there were certain areas that would not grow at the same rate and for instance, if we did not have core competency in certain types of services we would use our channel, we would our partners for a range of those things which would allow us to deploy our people toward driving the technology and opening up new horizons of adoption. And that is pretty much what we have exhibited over previous quarters. There will always be an element of that high-end service business. We are getting increased demands from some of our customer partners for technology development and platform development, as they standardize on ANSYS solutions.  So, that is an example of a shift of a higher value thing as opposed to just doing traditional service and implementation work. So, that is the first one that is one that is very much in keeping with the trajectories we really have been talking about for several years now. Now the other one is we are always talking about providing entrance to new users, driving things with ease-of-use, but the one good news is as we have been driving the technologies at the high emend, we have simultaneously been able to take those ease-of-use concepts and put those in to the higher-end products.  So, it is very much like these and even if you are buying home computer, electronics or PCs or things like that. What is going on inside the box is incredibly complicated, but the ease-of-use which a wide range of people can use it, are also dramatically increasing.  And what that has allowed is it is helping to knock down the barrier of adoption, "it is too hard to use". And say okay, well I want all the accuracy in the power to solve really tough problems, but obviously I want it easier to use and I want less confusion to have to go through. And that’s been driving a trend toward the higher end products which in course is manifested itself in every aspect from our ASPs to our margin and et cetera. So, those are some of the overall trends. And then, when you talk about the other ones, I think we have already hit the issue of some of the bigger order profile that have come in and some of the other adoption rates and those probably, I don’t know if we can aggregate those into bigger trends, they tend to be more specific to the individual realities of individual customer adoption patterns.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Yes, that makes sense. Okay. One follow-up quickly, give the $12 million deals, but a lot of that hitting the balance sheet and at the same time it appears you are doing less lease business than perpetual, what is the dynamic there? What really hit the balance sheet? And how is that revenue going to be recognized over the next?
Jim Cashman: Well, the key thing is that, first of all, I said the majority of which, there were still a significant amount of new business that came from those orders. I am just saying it was greater I think if I aggregated all of them, I would say greater than 50% by a safe margin going into deferred. Now in that deferred, there were clearly ongoing enhancement subscriptions and lease. There was a lot of all of that business going on. So that is why for instance you did not see any decay in the lease business as a percent of total, boom still right at that 39%, 40% range that we have been parked at for quite a while, albeit though the paid-up was potentially strong, but you look at the way our model goes and the subscription enhancement and even perpetual licenses served to help build our long-term visibility. And I think all of those factors again, they just continue to line up in a tapestry that support that. That is why you wouldn’t not see any of these major long-term trends shifting.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Jim Cashman: Okay.
Operator:
 :
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company: Thanks. As I look at the last two quarters for ANSYS standalone, I think your non-GAAP operating margins is about 48% on average. And if I look at the last two quarters of Ansoft, it is about 42%. I know there is a fourth quarter in there, so I know the third quarter was 41%. Anyway, it suggests the blended rate is more like 46%, but your guidance obviously suggests a lower margin than that for the second half of the year. Can you just maybe comment on that and specifically maybe talk about some of the costs that you didn’t make in Q2, but you plan to spend going forward?
Maria Shields: Yes, Ross. You heard my commentary earlier. No doubt one of the things for Q3 to keep in mind that Jim alluded to is the Ansoft model was no doubt more back-end loaded towards the third month than our model is given the lease base, so...
Jim Cashman: And later quarters also.
Maria Shields: Yes, so our calendar Q3 that will only have the first two months has a different profile of operating margin than when you add in that important third month of their quarter, which will go into Q4. We have also got some investments we got to make relative to that weren’t in their original profitabilities that will involve making investments in platforms and things in the short term that we need to get behind us.  So, we are no doubt taking a conservative outlook and hope that if we can get these things together quickly going that you will see improvement going forward.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company: Great. And then, just on the comment on China, Jim.
Jim Cashman: Yes.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company: Can you just recap on that in terms of, are there orders, really have they already bounced back? In other words you are able to determine what specifically around the earthquake issue or just trying to get some color in that and then the final one was just, if Maria if you can just provide a total FX impact, I heard Jim's comments on Europe, but I am not sure if that was a total FX number. Thanks.
Jim Cashman: Okay. First of all, the color on China was essentially when that earthquake happened, there were some, some government, I know that the legal word is edicts or mandate, but there certainly was a big push for the internal country to rally around that. However it is not unlike a way a lot of people reacted to Katrina here in terms of sending relief aid internally, whether it was official or a private or public sector. And thing definitely happened.  Now I will tell you right now is the other thing is there is another thing of a non-natural disaster thing going on in China that has got a lot of people tied up and that is ready to kick off the Olympics. However, the only word we got is in general, the planned purchases didn’t vaporize, but they took a backseat to helping basically the Sinchuan and some of the other provinces basically get themselves back on their feet and then try to get ready for this, something they view as a major showcase event.  So what I am trying to say is that, yes China did have a blip. We think it is explainable and the projections we have is that over the next few quarters it really irons itself out; however, we try to give as much color to all of the pluses and minuses as we can. And this was one example.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company: Great
Jim Cashman: For the FX question.
Maria Shields: Yes, FX, to the top line Ross, $4.7 million and $2.3 million at the operating margin level.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today's question-and-answer session. With that I will like to turn the call back over to Mr. Cashman for any closing or additional remarks.
Jim Cashman: Well I think we have pretty much hit everything. However, all I would say is that for those of you that have followed the ANSYS story for years, this will come as no surprise. We remain bullish on the long term, some short term cautious optimism. I think that is why Maria targets the safe harbor at me because the long term, there are those driving factors and we are excited or I am excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for our customers, our employees, our partners, our shareholders, take the whole ecosystem.  One thing you probably learned is that we don’t take our commitments lightly. So we are going continue to strive to deliver on them. Obviously in the short term, the emphasis is going to be a continued focus on execution, but the customer acceptance we have seen of our existing vision and products combined with closing the Ansoft acquisition and being able to start to build upon that. They only bolster our enthusiasm.  Nothing is ever going to be easy, but boy, we have some things to work with here. So we continue to be propelled by a strong combination, we got the solid business model. We have got loyal customers and partners. We have got great technology and we got and even now larger talented pool of committed employees.  So, lot of opportunity, still a lot of work do to reach our full potential and I will just close by saying I would like to thank everyone on the extended ANSYS team for the first half and in advance for the remainder of this year and the ones to go. So thanks a lot and hopefully we will be talking to go you in the next few months. That is signing off.
Operator: That does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-13 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Jim Cashman – President and CEO Maria Shields – CFO
Analysts: Andrew Matorin – Bear Stearns  Richard Davis – Needham & Co. Barbara Coffey – Kaufman Brothers Mark Schappel – The Benchmark Co. Steve Ashley – Robert W. Baird Ross MacMillan – Jefferies & Co. Scott Blumenthal – Emerald Advisers Sanil Daptardar – Centennial Asset Management Jason Rogers – Great Lakes Review
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the ANSYS first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session at the end of the call. Today's conference is being recorded at the request of ANSYS, Inc. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your speaker for this morning, Mr. Jim Cashman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Cashman, you may begin.
Jim Cashman: Okay, thank you. Good morning everybody, and welcome to the ANSYS call for Q1 2008, and there will be another speaker of course. Joining me this morning is Maria Shields, our CFO. There is a lot to cover this morning, so I'll start with some summary comments to outline the highlights of the quarter, and then follow that up with the examination of the results from our usual variety of perspectives. Okay, there are two major themes for the quarter. First is the continued strong performance of the ANSYS core business. The second centers around our recent announcement of signing a definitive agreement to purchase Ansoft Corporation. Maria will then update you on our line item expense performance, balance sheet, cash flows, and provide an update on our current outlook on earnings, and after that we'll be happy to entertain any questions you may have. So, to get us officially started, Maria would you present our Safe Harbor statement, please? 
Maria Shields:  Yes, thanks. Good morning and again everyone, thank you for joining us. Before we begin, I'll remind everyone that during the course of this conference call some matters that will be discussed, as either part of the prepared remarks or in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are potential risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These are discussed at length in our public filings, including our Forms 10-Q, 10-K, 8-K, and our 2007 Annual Report to stockholders, all of which are available via our website. Any forward-looking statements are based upon the company's best judgment as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information, unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call, we'll be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide supplemental information to our GAAP disclosures. A discussion and full reconciliation of GAAP financial measures to comparable non-GAAP measures is included in this morning's earnings release and the related Form 8-K. In connection with the proposed transaction that Jim mentioned earlier, ANSYS has filed a registration statement on Form S4 with the SEC. It includes the prospectus proxy statement of ANSYS and Ansoft, and other relevant materials in connection with the proposed transaction. We urge you to read the registration statement and any other relevant material when they become available because they contain important information about ANSYS and Ansoft and the proposed transaction and related matters. The final joint proxy prospectus statement will be mailed to stockholders of Ansoft. You can obtain free copies of the registration statement and the prospectus proxy statement when they become available, as well as other filings with the SEC containing information about ANSYS and Ansoft, without charge, from the Investor Relations department of either company, or from either company's website, as well as the SEC’s Internet site. ANSYS, Ansoft, and the respective Directors and Executive Officers, and other members of management and employees, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the security holders of Ansoft in connection with the merger. Information regarding these participants is available in each company's Annual Report and proxy statement, and will be included in the registration statement and joint prospectus proxy. I'll now turn the call back over to Jim to go through an overview of our first quarter business results and our progress to date. Jim? 
Jim Cashman:  Okay. Thanks, Maria. So, as I said before, Q1 saw continued excellent performance of our core ANSYS business. It was above our non-GAAP revenue and earnings guidance, and basically all segments of our business performed well on both a quantitative and a qualitative basis. To set the stage for the numbers, I'll be using non-GAAP numbers in the same fashion as we've been using historically. This will maintain consistency with our calls of past quarters and years. And actually, GAAP and non-GAAP revenues are identical in 2008, and they will be compared to the non-GAAP revenues for the comparable Q1 2007, the ones we talked about a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings include the usual amortization and stock-based compensation adjustments for Q1 2007 and 2008, and they are detailed in our earnings announcement. So just from a high-level perspective, for the quarter, we reported strong financial performance with non-GAAP revenues of $109.5 million. This represents a 22% increase from last year's Q1 of $89.6 million. Essentially, we have maintained this growth even in light of a strong comparable, and while spending considerable effort in the background on the Ansoft engagement. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 38%, with non-GAAP EPS of $0.40, up from last Q1's comparable of $0.29, reflecting last year's two-for-one stock split. This was also above our guidance and the analyst consensus, but it's a direct consequence of what happens in our model when we overperform on the top line. Secondly, all major aspects, as I mentioned, of the business performed well. We saw continued strong gross and operating margins, cash flows, and a stable business model that proved to be resilient to some of the economic climate that we've been seeing here and there. Then we also saw continued acceleration of customer engagements for both new adopters and longstanding relationships. There were increases in portfolio sales, cross-selling activities, and a continued uncharacteristic increase in large orders, including several in excess of seven-figure orders, which explained a portion of the top line overachievement. The general feedback we have gotten from customers indicate that economic concerns that they may be feeling are mitigated by the increased competitive pressures for product advances, which in turn creates opportunities for uncompromising simulation capabilities. So, if we take a cut on this from the operational highlights as I, again, repeating the non-GAAP revenue for the quarter, $109.5 million, again for this quarter non-GAAP equals GAAP, and it's 22% over the $89.6 million of Q1 2007. And, of course, this represents all core growth. And as we'll discuss later, it was double-digit growth basically, virtually in all aspects of examination, so as we go through the categories that will be obvious. Non-GAAP diluted earnings for the quarter grew 38% to $0.40, up from $0.29 per share in Q1 of 2007. This exceeded the analyst consensus, and it marks the 42nd consecutive quarter that our non-GAAP EPS has met or exceeded consensus. From my earlier comment, there was some operational efficiencies, most notably in the G&A area, as we continue to capture the financial upside of the Fluent acquisition, but the majority upside was due to the revenue overachievement. Overall, non-GAAP operating margins for the quarter were 47.3%, fueled by the strong top line results, of course. This compares to 42.6% in Q1 of 2007. And there are basically two components to this. First and foremost, again, the top line overachievement flowed to the bottom line as a direct consequence of our business model. Secondly, though, there were some things that we had planned but were delayed due to the effort which was going on in the background with Ansoft. So those are thing that will still be – try to pick up later in the year. Adjusted gross margins continued in line with our business model, but actually ticked up slightly to 86%, again reflective of the overachievement in the software license area. This compares to 85% in Q1 2007, so very much in line with our business model. More importantly, we were able to achieve these margins without sacrificing the ongoing building of our foundation for the future. This included the ongoing investments in sales headcounts, as well as in our financial systems and their convergence, and convergence in the CRM area, as well as the expansion of our global IT infrastructure as we continue to scale up as a business. And then finally, we saw continued strong cash flows from operations, over $37 million, which is a 67% increase when compared to the $22 million in Q1 of last year. So, again, those are the highlights. Let's now go slice into the numbers from a variety of different perspectives, category, business, geography, different customer aspects, and products, and as you'll see, my earlier comment about basically kind of double-digit across the board. So by category of business, overall non-GAAP software license revenue grew at 25% for the quarter. Our paid up licenses grew at about 30%, primarily driven by higher growth rates in our flagship mechanical offerings. The lease business grew 20% and continues to represent about 38% of revenues. So when you combine the lease with our software maintenance and enhancement subscription business, this continues to strengthen that repeatable business base, and aids in the overall visibility, a long-standing hallmark of ANSYS. Total maintenance and service growth was upper teens for the quarter. The total software maintenance growth component of this was 24%, very in line with the business, and indicative of the health of the overall core business. Our pure services business actually slightly decreased, but that's in line with our earlier guidance, as we've published migrated to do higher value-added services and, of course, this is reflected in our margins also. There was good balance cross all product lines, but the upper-end products definitely saw disproportionately higher growth, basically in the upper 20s. As the Workbench platform basically has provided dramatically increased visibility, we've seen a steady increase to the higher-end products, and this is basically because people don't have – they can't compromise on the accuracy of the solutions no matter where they use it in the design process, so basically it's not an ease of use versus power; it basically has to have both, but it ultimately has to have the power of solution. There was a significant increase in ASPs at the high end, primarily driven by a progression to the more fully-featured products. Nonetheless, ASPs remained – what I call steady at the low end, but there was a minor increase when compared to last year's Q1. And then finally our direct and indirect businesses both performed well, maintaining a fairly consistent balance of basically 69% to 31% percent, that's direct to indirect. Basically on – business intake has also stayed strong with growth again in excess of 20%. This has carried the deferred revenue to almost $154 million, which is a company record, and represents a 26% growth over this time last year. Our already strong core repeatable business base has grown to 67%, and that's even in light of the paid-up license overperformance. One – basically one of the greatest strengths of our business model is the consistent ability to maintain this solid base of recurring revenue, and we believe it's a direct consequence of our commitment to reinvest a high percentage of our revenue back into R&D, which reinforces our technical leadership. This continues to provide capabilities that allow our customers to solve basically an ever-expanding set of complex issues that they are being confronted with on a daily basis. In addition to the deferred revenue balance, we have a strong balance sheet, Maria will detail that coming up shortly, and the strong cash flow that I have mentioned, that have easily supported the acceleration of the pay down of the debt that we took on with the Fluent acquisition in 2006, and likewise to support the amortization of the debt associated with the upcoming Ansoft acquisition that we hope to close later this quarter. From a geographic perspective, we saw double-digit growth for all regions, but with mildly less uniform performance. This primarily came in the anticipated form of a slight moderation in North America. From a total business perspective, North America increased 13% for the quarter. As we said, there was this general anticipated softening, but they also tend to be mitigated by the longer-term perspectives with which our products are used. Additionally, embedded in this number is the fact that we've seen some of the U.S. multinationals that are expanding their global usages at a faster pace, in light of their business successes and in anticipation of future opportunities. And then finally, with the rapid growth we've seen some opportunities for internal improvements in a manner similar to what you've heard from us over the years in other parts of the world and, of course, these are already underway. But it’s not to lose site of the great number of positives. First of all, the aforementioned double-digit growth with improvement plans underway, and the multinationals spending some of these dollars overseas, but it's also highlighted by the fact that every direct office grew in excess of 20%. Finally, the ongoing adoption by new users, and especially our major accounts, was particularly strong even for this time of the year. Major orders in North America came from longstanding and new customers such as General Electric, Pratt and Whitney, Volvo, IBM, Hewlett Packard, Raytheon, Dow Chemical, Solar Turbines, Alliant, Intel, Corning, Cummins, BAE Systems, Schlumberger, Lockheed Martin, General Dynamics, Rockwell, Eaton, Westinghouse, Diamond Offshore Drilling, NASA, John Deere, Senopi, Pasteur, Honeywell – so I mean, basically this list goes on quite a ways. Europe continued to perform quite well with a growth of 25% overall for the quarter, which was led by Germany, but it was in excess of 20% for all the subregions. Now, there was a significant positive currency effect for the quarter, but it still netted out to a net growth of high teens for the region in constant dollar terms. Similar to North America, there was very strong activity in the European major accounts. The largest deals in Europe include both names you've heard us talk about over the last few calls, as well as addition from new customers such as Bosch, BMW, Alstom, Rolls Royce, Mann, Renault, Valleho [ph], ABB, JFC Saturn, the ITER nuclear program, Volkswagen, Airbus, Arriva, Siemens, Soljer [ph], Enviroserve, New Solsys [ph], Sukhoi, Snecma – so basically a lot of the diversity there continued. And our general international area also produced well with an overall growth in excess of 30%. Now, Japan represents the largest part of this business, and it grew about 23%, with the rest of the major centers operating significantly above that. Now, there was a positive currency impact for the region here, but it still yielded a 25% growth in constant currency terms. Key customer engagements in the region included Honda, Toyota, Tata Motors, Kawasaki, Japan Aerospace, Canon, Quean [ph] Advanced Research, Hitachi, Rico, Honeywell, Eaton, Mitsubishi, Texas Instruments, again, Airbus in Asia Pacific, Matsushita, Almeron [ph], Whirlpool, Nippon Steel and again Reliance Petroleum – so a number of major accounts there, the list goes on quite extensively here also. We saw our usual continuing variety of orders from local-based businesses and multinational expansion. Now, we always seem to get a lot of interest in the industry make up on these calls, and you can tell from the subset of customers that we just mentioned that virtually all industries are represented, and usually by the thought leaders and business leaders amongst them. However, we see a couple of repeated themes of industry strength. We've spoken of the energy sector for a few quarters now, and it certainly doesn't seem to be slowing any more, the price of or demand for energy. This continues across the board with alternative and renewable energy forums, the nuclear renaissance, green issues, and even in conventional hydrocarbons, where efficient and cleaner exploration, combustion, and even broader consideration of heavier crudes, shales, and synthetics are catching notice. We'd also mention the general bio and healthcare markets, which also continued in strength, but we also saw some interesting additions such as the development of new bio reactors for the increased innovation of vaccines. Now there's one other that's made itself noticed as of recent, and I don't know if it's a spike or trend, but there's been kind of a widespread push in some of the computing, and in particular the wireless computing and communication areas, but a few months doesn't make a trend, but this is something that we kind of noticed a pop up in. If there's a trend in these industries, it's probable that each are under huge pressures, and they also have the minimum of a yoke of decades-old tools and processes, but they also have very complex requirements that are uniquely served by our rapidly-expanding multi-physics offerings. You might have even noticed that some of the traditional industries are being driven by new realities. So if you notice the number of aeronautic and automotive customers that are starting to populate the list, basically these are companies that have created products in a $30 a barrel world of oil, and now they are dealing with the efficiencies required in $100-plus barrel world. So basically, there's a number of challenges and opportunities that continue to abound for them and ANSYS alike. Last quarter we had mentioned our involvement with leading champion sports teams, like Ferrari, Team Alinghi, and even our participation at that point in February's unveiling of the Speedo LZR RACER, the elite speed suit. Well, since that call, just a couple of months ago, the LZR RACER has already been worn by athletes breaking 35 world records, and at the recent FINA World Championships alone, the LZR RACER was involved in 17 of the 18 world records broken. I got to tell you that, having met some of the people involved, the swimmers are amazing, the team at Speedo's Aqualab are truly pushing the boundaries of innovation, and it was an honor for ANSYS to be associated with those folks. And it just seems to be the hallmark of most of our best customers, that ongoing pursuit of excellence and innovation, plus the results to show for it. So, in summary, good to very good growth across all regions, with areas that we'd still like to take to even higher levels. As you can tell from the list of customer names, there was good industry and major account activity, continuing strong performance in Europe with good balance, good progress, particularly in the high potential areas of Asia Pacific, and continued momentum in North America, particularly in those major accounts that engage in global business activities. We are doing well in most places, but we also have plans to expand and improve almost everywhere at the same time. But we all see the headlines every day, increased energy cost, tightening labor markets, housing credit crunch, currency fluctuations, geopolitical events, all of which can positively or adversely influence the timing and patterns of our customer buying decisions, but we are encouraged that our existing and new customer attainment has continued to grow off the momentum that we've built over the course of the past few years. And, of course, we've been talking about this for over a decade now, but we are always examining our sales strategies in each of the key geographies, and given the current market interest, we are continuing to judiciously ramp up our customer organization in response to the growing opportunity. Essentially, the basic assumptions that started years ago have been validated through – even through the numerous ups and downs around us. Now, moving on to products, it's probably obvious from both the corporate and geographic performance that most product sales vectors were also very positive. As I mentioned before, total software licenses were up 25%; all product sectors grew well; each major product group sold well, both individually and in portfolio sales; and as I mentioned before, the ASPs were up quite a bit at the high end, slightly up at the low end, each when compared to a year ago. Now, we have a major release concluding at the end of this year, so there's a ton of activity going on as you might guess. Obviously, though, the most exciting news on the horizon is centered on signing the definitive agreement to acquire Ansoft. Now, those of you who have followed the story over the last few years understand why this is an exciting addition, and at the right time for us. We are somewhat limited by what we can say other than the fact that we are hopeful for a close later this quarter. As Maria mentioned in her opening comments, we did file the S4 last week. We are currently finalizing the financing, but we've made good progress there, and we are awaiting to receive the formal notice of early termination from the HSR waiting period. In addition, we've had – even had some initial, albeit very high-level integration meetings between the two companies. While there are many things we can't discuss between us until after the close, the meetings have largely exceeded expectation. So, in conclusion, it was basically another strong quarter, quantitatively and qualitatively; continued financial end market performance; strong revenue growth; excellent margins; good earnings, cash flows; challenges and opportunities are plentiful. But even in spite of the current successes and issues, we still feel the real promise is still ahead of us. The same business model, investments, vision of a new world of simulation are important aspects of our ability to serve customers, affiliates and shareholders alike. Over the long term, I think we've demonstrated our commitment and ability to grow the top line in accordance with our guidance, while maintaining solid margins and continuing to provide strong earnings growth. And while nothing is a economy-proof, we've been able to consistently weather a number of different economic environments without sacrificing the ability to capture upside as opportunity has provided itself, and that's happened again this quarter. We'll continue to drive toward our long-term vision with our long-term optimism intact, and increasing confidence; of course, tempered with our usual caution. And I guess it wouldn't be an official ANSYS call without mentioning some variant of cautious optimism, but arguably it hasn't been a bad model for a sustained period of time. So with that, I'll turn it over to Maria Shields, our CFO, to provide you with a more detailed look at our financials, including the balance sheet highlights, expense structure, and general insights. So, Maria? 
Maria Shields:  Okay. Thanks, Jim. I'm going to spend a few minutes going through kind of a detailed recap of some of what happened in the expense line items, go through some balance sheet and operating cash flow highlights, and then I'll also put in some commentary regarding our EPS outlook at this time for upcoming Q2 and the full year of 2008. I will also mention our outlook at this time does not include the impact of Ansoft. We will provide 2008 outlook relative to the combined entity once we close the deal. So if we look at cost of sales, excluding acquisition-related amortization and the impact of stock-based compensation, which combined totaled about $5.3 million, cost of sales for the quarter totaled $15.6 million, compared to $13.5 million in the first quarter of '07. And this resulted in an overall non-GAAP gross profit margin of 86%. The increase over last year's first quarter is largely driven by increases in third-party royalties, as well as increases in salaries and headcount-related expenses. At this time, we are currently forecasting a non-GAAP gross profit margin in the 85% to 86% range for ANSYS for the remainder of '08. If we take a look at SG&A, our total expenses for the quarter, if you exclude $1.8 million related to stock-based compensation, totaled $26.9 million, and that compares to last year's first quarter of $25.4 million. The increases in expenses in this quarter compared to last year's first quarter, were primarily related to, once again, increased headcount and compensation expenses, and these were partially offset by a decrease in third-party accounting and tax-related consulting expenses. In the area of R&D, our total expenses, net of about $700,000 related to stock-based compensation, increased to $15.3 million, and that compares to $12.5 million in last year's Q1. The increases in expenses over the prior year's first quarter were also driven by increased headcount and compensation-related expenses. And at this time, our outlook for 2008 continues to assume a total investment in R&D as a percentage of total revenue in the mid-teens range. While we continue to make investments in key areas across the company largely focused on expanding our global sales force, integration efforts, foundation building and process improvement, we also delivered non-GAAP operating profit margin of 47% for the first quarter. Our consolidated effective tax rate was about 39%. This is a percentage point above what we had forecasted at the end of last quarter, but, like many others, our tax rate is negatively impacted by the delay in congress not extending the R&E credit as of the end of first quarter. At this time, we are anticipating an overall tax rate of between 37% and 39% for the remainder of '08. The strong revenue and profit performance, combined with a positive impact from net interest income, led to a 38% increase in total non-GAAP diluted EPS to $0.40 on 81.6 million diluted shares, compared to non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.29 on 80.7 million shares in the first quarter of '07. At the current time, we are projecting non-GAAP diluted EPS in the range of $0.36 to $0.37 for the upcoming second quarter, and $1.54 to $1.57 for the full year of '08. I'll just reiterate once again, that's for ANSYS only; no impact of Ansoft is included in the outlook at this time. Also, as we saw in Q1, given our level of international business, our 2008 results may continue to be favorably or, who knows, unfavorably impacted by currency. But in our current projections we are assuming that rates stay roughly the same as the current rate environment. Based on our current visibility, we are targeting second quarter GAAP diluted EPS in the range of $0.28 to $0.29, and $1.19 to $1.25 for the full year. Taking a quick look at the March 31st balance sheet and cash flow highlights, they continue to be very positive. Our total cash and short-term investments are now over $200 million. And I would just like to mention quickly that our cash is conservatively invested to both protect principal as well as allow for liquidity, and we don't have any exposure relative to auction rates, subprime or similar nature securities that have been raised as concerns in the current market environment. Our consolidated net DSO was 49 days. Our deferred revenue grew to an all-time high of over $150 million. The outstanding balance on our total debt obligations has been reduced to $48.2 million. The business generated over $37 million in operating cash flow for the quarter; a 60 – 67% increase over last year's Q1. And we invested about $2.4 million in CapEx in the first quarter. So I'll just wrap up buy saying that, overall, this was very good quarter for ANSYS on many fronts. But we've all worked very hard together as a team to execute and deliver on our commitments, and more importantly, we are really excited about the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead in 2008. So, Jim, I'll turn it back over to you. 
Jim Cashman:  Okay. Thanks, Maria. So to recap, sustained strong performance of all major parameters of the business: Revenue, earnings, margin, cash flow, business base, visibility, across the board. Strong process and progress in the building of our infrastructure for ongoing growth; increasing customer interest at higher levels, resulting in increased activity in response to what I think is a demonstrated value of a multi-physics operating and open and flexible Workbench platform; it's demonstrated by industry, geographic diversity, broad-based adoption, and accelerated interests in our ever-expanding portfolio. And then finally, advancement and innovation of our simulation Workbench with upcoming new releases of ANSYS coming, augmented by the addition of Ansoft capabilities, hopefully, later this quarter. Long-term outlook, it stays bullish. The short-term outlook is strengthening. For the remainder of 2008, we are raising our estimates from the last call, based on Q1's performance and the newest data. We anticipate a good Q2 performance with revenue in the $109 million to $111 million range with non-GAAP earnings in the $0.36 to $0.37 range. You will recall earlier we mentioned the occurrence of, actually it was 7 seven-figure orders in the quarter, that's a company first, and one that involves some pulling forward of orders that easily could have been Q2 or Q3 events, were it not for basically customer business issues that drove the timing. We don't envision a repeat of that in Q2, but as you can see, we still have a very solid quarter ahead. For fiscal year 2008 our guidance for revenue is an increase to the range of $448 million to $452 million, with non-GAAP EPS increasing to the $1.54 to $1.57 range. This translates to a solid top line growth, and a slightly higher bottom line growth. And as Maria mentioned, this guidance is only for the ANSYS business. We'll get back to you with guidance relative to the new combined company results after the Ansoft deal closes. As I mentioned, we are already ramping up parts of our business in a controlled fashion, but we'll continue to monitor the market factors, as we have demonstrated over the past few years, basically to take advantage of market opportunities throughout the globe and across the vast array of industries. Basically we are now – I guess we are prepared to respond to any specific questions that you might have. I would like to open it up. 
Operator:  (Operator instructions) We'll take our first question from Andrew Matorin with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead. 
Andrew Matorin – Bear Stearns:  Thank you, just with respect to the product roadmap, if you could give us a little more color. I think you said on the prepared remarks that the expectation was back loaded towards the ends of the year. Does everything remain on schedule with that release? 
Jim Cashman:  Well, within the normal ranges. We are still – we talked about – we've always talked about – first of all, the date has never been formally announced. Second of all, we always said it would be the latter part of this year, and first availabilities are still targeted for the end of the year. Then there is a lot of distribution issues, so probably mass distribution even spilling of course over into 2009, but basically within the parameters of what we have always talked about. 
Andrew Matorin – Bear Stearns:  Okay. And then Maria, if you could just give a little bit more color on the G&A line item. It seemed like it did decline more materially sequentially than perhaps we might have anticipated– 
Maria Shields:  Yes, I tried to highlight that, Andrew. We are definitely seeing the financial upsides of a lot of the integration efforts that we've gone through on the Fluent acquisition for the past almost two years now. Well, yes, two years now. 
Jim Cashman:  Yes. 
Maria Shields:  Yes, so between reduction in consulting cost, improvement in process and efficiencies we've gained over the past two years, there are also – we were undoubtedly focused on some other things this quarter relative to getting the Ansoft transaction done. So I think you'll see kind of a similar model going forward. Once we close the Ansoft deal, we'll have to make investments in third parties to help us integrate them. It will tick up but then eventually for the long term, it will tick back down. 
Andrew Matorin – Bear Stearns:  Okay. So were there any headcount reductions other than the consulting costs that came down? And were those consulting costs incremental to the combined organization as a way to facilitate the integration process? 
Maria Shields:  Yes. We do not – in any of the acquisitions that we've done, we never ramp up the full-time headcount for things that, quite frankly, are shorter-term in nature. So if we have got a year plan to, say, migrate everybody on to the – our financial platform, we don't hire eight or nine people full time to deal with those issues. We usually do it between a combination of our own internal existing resources, plus we supplement with folks that have the experience that we need to get it done as quickly and as efficiently as we can, and we definitely have been doing that since May of 2006, but a lot of that heavy lifting is now behind us. 
Andrew Matorin – Bear Stearns:  Okay, great. And would you anticipate any – I know you are reserving comments on Ansoft until the deal closes, but can you give any color as to anticipation that there would be resumption of some these ancillary costs on the consulting– 
Maria Shields:  Yes, no doubt, because we'll do the same thing with the Ansoft transaction as we've done to gain operational efficiencies, to reduce our Sarbanes-Oxley cost, and all that, relative to getting people on common platforms, so that we can share financial information, we can share customer information. So there will be some investment in the early quarters, but we believe that it will pay off in later quarters. 
Jim Cashman:  I think – every situation is different, but I think that as a general kind of pattern, some of the same trends that we saw with previous acquisitions would be probably manifested in the upcoming ones also. So using that as kind of a – not an absolute predictor, but as kind of a guideline. 
Maria Shields:  Guide post. 
Andrew Matorin – Bear Stearns:  Okay. And Maria, just one last question. Cash from operations, I think you said it but I missed it. 
Maria Shields:  Excuse me? 
Andrew Matorin – Bear Stearns:  Cash from operations? 
Maria Shields:  Oh, cash flow from operations? Yes, $37 million. 
Andrew Matorin – Bear Stearns:  Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Thank you. We'll take our next question from Richard Davis with Needham. Please go ahead. 
Richard Davis – Needham & Co.:  Thanks. I guess, Jim, if you kind of think about after you've done the Ansoft acquisition, you are going to kind of have both mechanical and electronic, and then when you include Fluent in there, and all those groups kind of sell to the little bit different parts of an organization, so it seems to me to sell an integrated solution you are going to have to kind of move higher up in the organization, from maybe the engineering departments up to the at least some part of a C level. Can you talk about kind of how you think about that? How you evolve the sales force? What do you need to do to go from A to B? And I realize it's not instantaneous, but how does that business evolve that way? 
Jim Cashman:  Well, you are absolutely right, it's not instantaneous, and I always love it when people say that's what they are going to go in a couple of quarters. But if you do a fast rewind and playback of probably about the last eight to nine years of these calls, we've been building towards this for about – over eight years, at least in public fashion. And so there's – there's actually two elements of this, one of which is the building we do for the skill set that's required to perform at that level. But frankly, as you can tell, there's also another trend line over the last few years, is even though we don't go out and try to hunt for these mega orders, we've always talked about – we'll grow just in time with the customer, provide value at each step of the way, all that kind of thing, so you don't hear about these billion dollars investments that never panned out. It was like pay as you go. Even then, the order sizes have ticked up. Our portfolio sales have increased, the cross-selling has definitely been demonstrated. And frankly, by the virtue, yes, companies are currently organized around some of the legacy shortcomings of all the different product lines, but at some point they ultimately do combine into some place of the company, and we've been getting continued access and propulsion into those areas. So, A, is the natural momentum that comes as those units aggregate, but also the foundational building we are doing. So it's both the supply and demand side of the equation, but it's been in building for many years. 
Richard Davis – Needham & Co.:  Got it. And then, Maria, you may or may not want to comment on this, and if you don't that's fine. With regard to the Ansoft, you guys said that it would be accretive, and we did our little back of the envelope analysis to just kind of figure out how you could get there. The question I had for you, and the question I've gotten from investors is, is the theoretical potential accretion in the future, is that derived – is all of that – can you get that with just cost-cutting, or do you need a combination of cost cutting and revenue synergies to get there? 
Maria Shields:  Well, Richard, I'll say this. We never predicate anything on revenue synergies because when they'll happen, you don't know. 
Jim Cashman:  They happen, you just couldn't pick the timing of them. So we've never based it on that. We think that's a house of cards. 
Richard Davis – Needham & Co.:  Good. Okay, that's what I thought, but I wanted to make sure. 
Maria Shields:  And then on the cost front, there are definitely synergies that exist from putting just, for example, two public companies together. 
Jim Cashman:  But I do want to highlight on this, Maria, is that when we've done these acquisitions, we are in a full stop, and we've said this for years, we are in a building mode. We are building the foundation. We think the opportunity is much greater than we've even scratched, and as we do that, therefore, as we do these acquisitions, we want to make sure that we are getting forward-looking technology with really solid people doing it. So we normally actually try to maintain all of those type of people as we go forward also. I just want to throw that comment out. I didn't mean to interrupt, but– 
Richard Davis – Needham & Co.:  Got it. That's helpful. I appreciate it. I'll turn it over to the next person. Thanks. 
Operator:  Thank you. We will take our next question from Barbara Coffey with Kaufman. Please go ahead. 
Barbara Coffey – Kaufman Brothers:  Yes, good morning. As you are taking a look at sort of the world economies, are you seeing different sales cycles in different regions? And, Jim, you mentioned there were some business reasons for some deals to accelerate. Are you seeing specific industries in which this is occurring? 
Jim Cashman:  Well, no, actually if you look at those major orders, you would also find that there is quite a bit of revenue – I'm sorry, there's quite a lot of diversity across those. But as you mentioned, a lot of those are based on the ones that are being confronted either by the demand for or the supply of energy. So they do tend to – they do tend to come up with that. There is no doubt you can infer from the thing that the – some of the emerging areas you hear, in terms of China, India, Brazil, Eastern Europe, and – those areas, I mean, they – as I mentioned on the call, those were clearly growing more. Like I said, even though the – we score the revenue where it's actually purchased, even though like a U.S. company, if they are expanding into those regions, it will show up in those areas. So we basically had strong growth along there. I'd say really the regional impact of sales cycle, probably not as predominant as the – again, it gets down to the leading and top companies in every industry, wherever they are in the geography, they are tending to make these kind of investments because – and the reason some of them are being pulled forward is that once they determine that there's value, they want to start extracting that value as quickly as they can, due to the competitive environment. And that's really more of the trend of what we are seeing. 
Barbara Coffey – Kaufman Brothers:  And you are seeing that internationally–? 
Jim Cashman:  Internationally, everywhere. So it transcends industry, transcends geography. 
Barbara Coffey – Kaufman Brothers:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. We will take our next question from Mark Schappel with Benchmark. Please go ahead. 
Mark Schappel – The Benchmark Co.:  Hi, good morning. Jim, I just want to make sure I heard you correctly earlier. Did you say there were seven 7-figure deals in the quarter? 
Jim Cashman:  Yes, like I said, that’s very uncharacteristic. I mean you've heard us talk about the odd one here and there and Like I said, we don't go after – you know, we don't sit there and try to do these big lumpy things. It's more common for us with our major accounts to hear them mention significant six figure orders two or three times a year. And basically, I got to say, this is combined – those figures are in many times combined expansion and renewal type of orders. So it's a really good mix there. It was across multiple geographies, across multiple industries. 
Mark Schappel – The Benchmark Co.:  Okay, good, that's great. On the foreign exchange question, Maria, I was wondering if you could give us the impact of foreign exchange on the top line. 
Maria Shields:  Yes. Top line was $4.5 million, and that slowed to about 1.3 on the operating margin. 
Mark Schappel – The Benchmark Co.:  Thank you. That's all from me. 
Operator:  Thank you. We will take our next question from Steve Ashley with Robert Baird. Please go ahead. 
Steve Ashley – Robert W. Baird:  Hi. I don't know if it's possible, Maria, that you could provide a more detailed breakdown of the geographical regions, maybe give us some dollar amounts or percentage of total for North America? 
Maria Shields:  Yes, we can give you percent of total. North America was about 34%. Europe was about 41%, and GIA was about 25%. 
Steve Ashley – Robert W. Baird:  Great. I would just like to circle back to these large deals. And, Jim, can you give us some color, are they – is Workbench the genesis of driving these larger – these larger portfolio deals, do you think, or just trying to understand some of the dynamics behind it. 
Jim Cashman:  Understand. It's one of several – it's one of the several factors. I mean as people are trying to make commitments to overall – launching products, you have to be able to simulate the whole product. And traditionally each one – as somebody alluded on an earlier question, each one was kind of done almost in a balkanized manner, and then they hopefully could link them together somewhat. So, Workbench is one aspect of it. It's one of those things where, A, at the end of the day making it easier to use for people is important. But that can't be done with any compromise of the solution fidelity, and the ability to accurately predict things. So you need the full power of what's there, and Workbench was one of the capabilities that provided multiple – a whole multitude of applications to work together in a very process-flexible and easy to use manner, which made it more adoptable for companies. And it probably really is at the core of the ANSYS progression, particularly over the last few years. 
Steve Ashley – Robert W. Baird:  Great. Thanks. 
Jim Cashman:  Certainly. 
Operator:  Thank you. We will take our next question from Ross MacMillan with Jefferies. 
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies & Co.:  Yes, thank you. First question is just on North America growth. 13% was up against pretty tough comparison, I think, from last year. But I think, Jim, you mentioned that you had taken some actions – I forget your wording, but something along the lines of internal improvements being made. Can you just talk to maybe when you see maybe a growth rate that's a little different from what you expected, what sort of things you go about doing to try to fine tune the sales organization? 
Jim Cashman:  Absolutely. And then, first of all, we tend to be pretty open on these calls, so it wasn't to send any klaxon of – I mean, every, every quarter I think for the last 40 some calls we've talked about, well, here's – so even if the lowest performing region was at 20% and everybody else was at 25%, we'd try to figure out how do we get that other one up to 25%. It's just – call it an ISO continuous improvement mentality. But 13%, yes, first of all, you are right, it absolutely was against a very strong comparable Q1. Secondarily, as I mentioned, that 13% really is kind of understated because of the number of major accounts. In fact, you might have even noticed when I was talking about things that were going on in the international regions, those were familiar U.S. company names; it's just that they were implementing them as they spread on a global basis. So the health of those companies and their expenditure patterns are even greater than that number might exist. But on top of that, since we are at another growth point in that development organization, in earlier calls we were talking about – a few years ago, talking about continuing to expand Europe, and I think we've shown the results of that the last few years. About a year ago we were talking about some things in Asia-Pac that we wanted to upgrade. And now, in that standpoint there's a combination of things, a combination of tools. So, first of all, I mentioned the CRM, Customer Relationship Management systems convergence. Second of all, we talked about the headcount improvements where we've been continuing to ramp up that standpoint and actually try to formalize and institutionalize the onboarding process for that. And then there are just normal kind of process and automation changes. And those are the basic things. But I can almost guarantee all of those are going on in every region on a continual basis, and we just tend to turn up again in other areas as we see the opportunity, and that's really what you are seeing. That really is what was underneath my comments. 
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies & Co.:  Great. And then just on the – just to circle back on the seven large deals, two questions. One, were they all paid up-front, so – or were they a mixture of lease and paid up-front? And then secondly, are you still getting some benefit of standardization post-Fluent? Is that still a driving factor? Some of the sort of standardizations and movement from lease to paid up front? Thanks. 
Jim Cashman:  Well, okay, first of all, the – those orders were almost all combined with combinations of – no, first to your question, no, they were not all paid-ups. Second of all, almost all of them exhibited significant increase in new business, most oftentimes also combined with expansion business. And the third one of – actually as you can almost back calculate, while we had overperformance on the paid-up license, which was the major part of our overachievement, you can tell that the paid – the lease business also grew at 20%, and it still is in that high 30% of total business. So there was no wholesale or massive swing toward any kind of conversions. In fact, we basically try to neutralize that from all perspectives. I would say that if there is a gradual trend, it's – most major companies when they have made a full long-term commitment, they may tend to go towards the more capital-intensive as opposed to the expense line approach, and therefore paid-ups might tends to predominate. But you can see from both, they were both growing very comparable to the company – paid-ups growing a little bit over the company average. 
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies & Co.:  Thank you. 
Jim Cashman:  Okay. 
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator instructions) We'll take our next question from Scott Blumenthal with Emerald Advisers. Please go ahead. 
Scott Blumenthal – Emerald Advisers:  Good morning, Jim and Maria. 
Jim Cashman:  Good morning. 
Maria Shields:  Good morning, Scott. 
Scott Blumenthal – Emerald Advisers:  Can you tell us if traditionally, when there is an impeding new release, do you have a surge of adoption or your customers kind of rushing in to get the current release prior to the new release? 
Jim Cashman:  No, no. In fact I would say we almost have a marked absence of that effect. In general, you can tell from the repeat business flows we've got, and the number of people that just have gotten on the – this enhancement subscription trend with us I mean because they want the steady flow of new capabilities. Actually people start using – first of all, we don't have massive new training curves from a new version, so they can pretty much flow along with those implementations. And as such, that's why it's more common for people to pull forward. If anything, I'd say that in a lot of major – in a lot our multinational accounts, it maybe a few months before they actually implement and roll in the new releases. So, if anything, there maybe is a little bit of a lag, and it really doesn't affect purchase timings at all. 
Scott Blumenthal – Emerald Advisers:  So do you think at this point, Jim, that there may be – since you've announced the new release, there may be potential ANSYS customers that are kind of holding off to get the new release? 
Jim Cashman:  Well, first of all, we haven't announced the new release. We have not officially announced it. Second of all, it's pretty much like clockwork. Like almost on these 12 to 15-month cycles, and it's been that way for a long time. So the expectation levels are kind of already set. And like I said, we've actually – this past time we saw orders pulling forward from Q2 and Q3. So we didn't see – we certainly didn't see people delay on this, and if anything, we saw probably a net – a net influx. So basically I don't see any of that effect that you just suggested. 
Scott Blumenthal – Emerald Advisers:  Okay. Then conversely, Maria, I guess this would probably be a better one for you to answer. Do you think that there was any – and I know there has been a couple of questions asked already about foreign currency, do you think there was any foreign currency effect in some of these very large orders? Because, I guess at the end of Q1, the dollar really kind of hit a trough then. And, Jim, can you give us any color as to whether a large portion or most or many of those 7-figure orders came from overseas? 
Jim Cashman:  Well, most of them came from multinationals. There was a combination of them but most of them – a lot of them came from these multinational companies. Basically, I was aware of no currency FX-driving issues, and in many cases they are in local currency purchases anyway. So I don't know, Maria? 
Maria Shields:  I don't recall any one saying that, hey, this order that wasn't originally in the forecast came in because of currency, particularly the larger ones, Scott. But I would say a lot of what we see, particularly in Q4 and Q1, a lot of it is around internal budget and things like that. So I think those are more the business issues that drive perhaps pulling ahead things. 
Scott Blumenthal – Emerald Advisers:  Okay. So I guess one of the questions that I've never thought of asking you is, ANSYS products are priced then in the currency in which – I guess in the currency in the country in which they are sold? Is that a correct statement? 
Maria Shields:  For the most part, yes. 
Scott Blumenthal – Emerald Advisers:  Okay. All right. Very good. That's very helpful. Thank you. 
Jim Cashman:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. And we will take our next question from Sanil Daptardar with Centennial Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Sanil Daptardar – Centennial Asset Management:  Yes, thanks. Jim, on the ASP part, you talked about very strong ASP gains here. Was there any price increase on the products, or it was just a–? 
Jim Cashman:  No. 
Sanil Daptardar – Centennial Asset Management:  It was just a product mix shift? 
Jim Cashman:  There was no – there weren't price increases. No, this is basically were people moving up, and as you can see – you know, people really do want the full-function products, and as they basically come up their adoption curve, basically this was almost all a shift toward the higher-end, more comprehensive products. 
Sanil Daptardar – Centennial Asset Management:  And do you see that continuing in that case? 
Jim Cashman:  Well, it's been – it's been on the move for about, well, I don't know, several years. I mean we've been talking and tracking this for many years, and it has been a trend at least over the last couple of years. I'd have to go back and determine exactly when we first saw the first one, but it's been a multi-year, multi-quarter phenomenon. 
Sanil Daptardar – Centennial Asset Management:  Okay. Just on the previous question, basically in terms of that major release, when you look at your guidance, of course the first quarter strongly, the second quarter is also projected to be very strong in low to mid-20% growth, kind of, in license terms. But in the second half, the growth drops down to mid-teens kind of, low- to mid-teens. Now, is that what you expect that in front of the major release probably there might be a softness, is that what you are expecting? 
Jim Cashman:  It's not related to the release at all. There is some impact from the pull forward of orders from things that we had – we knew were in the pipeline. But frankly, and we talked about this last year to try highlight it, because Q4 in and of itself was a blowout kind of quarter for us, and we mentioned that as being a very strong comparable that was always incorporated into our beginning of the year and our current guidance for the year and the quarters. And nothing related to softening or related to a product release. 
Sanil Daptardar – Centennial Asset Management:  Any significant things that you saw that the orders are being pulled into the earlier quarters, or that's just a kind of a given thing basically, or it's kind of a phenomenon which is just occurring right now? 
Maria Shields:  Can you repeat that question? 
Sanil Daptardar – Centennial Asset Management:  Now, did you see anything major that the orders had been pulled into the forward quarters, into earlier quarters, into Q1 or Q2 from Q3, or is there basically just a regular phenomenon which is happening right now? 
Maria Shields:  It's happening and I think – as Jim alluded to, there is a number of business issues and some of them relate to the competitive environment that these companies are operating in. 
Jim Cashman:  Yes, I know for instance there were some companies that were basically in the middle of some new major product development cycles, and as a result needed to continue to expand, basically to equip their sales force and hit certain timeframes. I mean – but that's an anecdotal thing I know that's true for three or four of these major ones; whether or not I just hit the only three that those occurred in, but it is – it was a prevailing theme. 
Sanil Daptardar – Centennial Asset Management:  Okay, if I may, last question. And just housekeeping on the SG&A expense, has bulk of the leverage been obtained in the first quarter or are there still more to go in the future quarters on the SG&A side from the Fluent acquisition? 
Maria Shields:  Can you repeat that one more time? 
Jim Cashman:  We are getting, we are having a lot of problem with the sound here so hang on. Go ahead 
Sanil Daptardar – Centennial Asset Management:  Okay. On the Fluent financial leverage that you got in the SG&A expense, was most of it recovered in the first quarter or you still think there is a lot remaining in the future quarters? 
Maria Shields:  Well, I think you saw a lot of it in the first quarter, and it was further accentuated by the fact that some of the things that we had planned, quite frankly, we were focused on the Ansoft acquisition, and not necessarily on some of those things that are not critical, but they are nice to have, in process improvement and things. So kind of – I would say that the Ansoft acquisition will kind of change some of our priorities going forward. 
Sanil Daptardar – Centennial Asset Management:  Okay. Thank you. 
Jim Cashman:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. We will take our last question from Jason Rogers with Great Lakes Review. 
Jason Rogers – Great Lakes Review:  Hello. 
Maria Shields:  Good morning. 
Jason Rogers – Great Lakes Review:  I don't know if you gave this out or not, but what percent of the revenue came from maintenance and service in the quarter? 
Jim Cashman:  Well, it was 24, it was 24% – or 27% of total revenues, it was a 24% growth. 
Jason Rogers – Great Lakes Review:  Okay. And was there any share repurchases in the quarter–? 
Jim Cashman:  Well, actually, no, that was software maintenance. Do you want all the – the body for hire service business and things like that in it also? Which way do you want it? 
Jason Rogers – Great Lakes Review:  Let me put it this way, what was software license revenue in the quarter total? 
Jim Cashman:  Okay. Software license revenue was 67% of our total, 25% growth. The software maintenance was 27% of total revenue, and a 24% growth. And the total maintenance and all forms of services revenue was 33% of total revenue, or about a 17% growth. 
Jason Rogers – Great Lakes Review:  Okay. And were there any share repurchases in the quarter? 
Maria Shields:  No. 
Jim Cashman:  No. 
Jason Rogers – Great Lakes Review:  Okay. And then, finally, just looking at Ansoft compared to the Fluent acquisition, I just wanted to get your thoughts on, if you had to rate to – compared to the opportunity versus the challenges in integration, I don't know if you can provide any comparison between the two acquisitions? 
Jim Cashman:  Well, they are – everything is a little bit different, it's slightly smaller in terms of headcount, but we do gain some advantages of geographic proximity because they are located very near our headquarters. The technology is maybe one step a little bit more removed, but in terms of some of the buying centers that people mentioned. But it's certainly a trend that's occurring out in our customers’ standpoint, and the opportunity and the desire is certainly there. So it's a different set of issues but very comparable to the last cycle. 
Jason Rogers – Great Lakes Review:  Would you say the expense saving synergies may be a little less than the Fluent acquisition, but perhaps more opportunity as far as expanding your products? 
Jim Cashman:  Well, yes, first of all the product expansion is quite strong. On the expense side, the Ansoft margins were higher going in than were the Fluent margins. So I mean there are some differences. And we still have – we still want to maintain the business model we have that continues to balance investment, but the ability to run a growing, solid business. So I think you'll see some general trends. But the starting point that each one entered in at are slightly different. 
Jason Rogers – Great Lakes Review:  Great. Thanks. 
Jim Cashman:  Okay. Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. And at this time there are no further questions. I would like to turn it back over to Mr. Jim Cashman for any closing remarks. Please go ahead. 
Jim Cashman:  Okay. Thanks a lot, and thanks everybody. So in close, I would have to characterize us as having increased enthusiasm due to the encouraging customer response, and obviously your questions gave us a chance to dig into that a little bit more. Basically the customers, they are responding to the product vision and the offerings. But I tell you, we are also trying to keep our eyes squarely on the ball, and basically we are not taking anything for granted. We don't take for granted that we continue to be bolstered by a strong combination of a business model that I think is both solid and resilient. We've obviously got those loyal customers that we discussed in great detail, in terms of expanding and continuing to grow and renew those relationships. Obviously, we have the dedicated partners, all of the hardware partners that we've collaborated with, and the fact that our direct and indirect models have stayed pretty much in line, great technology, and of course I can't go through one of these calls without continuing to thank this cadre of employees we have that have teamed up to make this happen. They are part of our core. They are part of our sustained performance, and they are clearly part of our future. So, as we close, I'd like to thank all those dedicated members of the ANSYS team, and long-term shareholders, and all the business partners who have been part of this journey to date, and we appreciate all that, and I thank all of you on this and look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thanks a lot. 
Operator:  Thank you. That concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-02 10:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: James E. Cashman, III - President and CEO   Maria T. Shields - VP and CFO 
Analysts: Richard Davis - Needham & Company   Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.   Barbara Coffey - Kaufman Brothers   Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC   Jason Rogers - LJR Great Lakes Review   Sunil Dapshadar - Sentinel Asset Management 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the ANSYS Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's conference is being recorded at the request of ANSYS Incorporated. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time.  I would now like to introduce your speaker for this morning's call, Mr. Jim Cashman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Cashman, you may begin. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thanks a lot. Now I'll add my good morning and welcome to the ANSYS call for Q2 2007 and I won't be the only speaker because I am joined, as usual, by our CFO Maria Shields.  So we're going to use what's our fairly traditional agenda wherein I'll outline the highlights for the quarter and the year-to-date and some overall summary comments and then go into greater depth on the operational results. In general, the whole gist of this call will center on two major themes. The first is the continuation of strong, sustained performance of the ANSYS core business which now is largely integrated, key aspects of last year's acquisition of Fluent. And the second centers around the synergistic impact of our business streams and some advances in our technology that intertwine with expanding market opportunities. So this has resulted in an overall business results and accretion above our earlier projections and a correlated increase in our outlook for the year.  Now we've been talking about this blending over the past few calls and are already starting to see the impact of our immediate efficiencies while we are simultaneously able to build the foundation for our long-term future prospects. And as we mentioned last quarter, the first anniversary date of the acquisition has come and gone and by the second half of the year, the GAAP effects of purchase accounting at least related to revenue are mostly behind us.  In short, the customer base is measurably and increasingly embracing our directions but as always there is still a lot that remains to be done. So we'll go through that in summary form. And then Maria will update you on line item expense performance, balance sheet, cash flow and provide an update on our current outlook on earnings.  It should also be noticed that the strong operational results were even including substantial efforts with our back office and the communication systems integration and a significant base of tax complaint activities. So after those topics we will be happy to respond any questions you may have. So, as always, Maria if you could start with our Safe Harbor statement please. 
Maria T. Shields - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Good morning and again thank you everyone for joining us to review the highlights of our 2007 second quarter results. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call some matters that will be discussed as either part of the prepared remarks and in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those projected. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are potential risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These are discussed at length in our public filings including the 10-Q, 10-K, 8-K and our annual report all of which are available at our website. Any forward-looking statements are based upon the company's best judgment as of today and we undertake no obligation to update any such information and once we do it in our public forum.  During the course of this call, we'll also be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide supplemental information to our GAAP disclosures. A discussion for reconciliation of GAAP financial measures to comparable non-GAAP measures is included in this morning's earnings release and the 8-K. And one final housekeeping point before we begin all the EPS and share data that will be talked about have been adjusted to give effect to the 2-for-1 stock split that took place in June.  So, Jim, I'll turn it back over to you. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks a lot Maria. So Q2 summary basically, the Q2 business performance represents results above our non-GAAP revenue and earnings guidance, and... but we did this while continuing to increase progression on our really broad range of activities and trends [ph] with the highlights and technical innovation and customer engagement. Again for the numbers I give, I will be using the non-GAAP numbers basically in the same fashion as we've been using historically. This maintains consistency with our calls of past years and quarters, and we feel and I think actually demonstrate that it provides a more accurate representation of the business.  So with that in mind, from a high level perspective, I'll not say this was really strong quarter even by our standards. For the quarter, we have reported solid financial performance with non-GAAP revenues of $92.3 million, and this represents a 35% increase from last year's Q2 of a $68.2 million. And this quarter is fairly comparable although the full quarter of this year is compared to only the final two-thirds of last Q2. So, accounting for this and our previous discussions of the integration efficiencies, our core growth rate would be high teens.  Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share adjusted for the recent 2-for-1 stock split increased 43% with non-GAAP EPS of $0.30 that was up from last Q2's comparable $0.21. And this was also above guidance and the analyst consensus. But it's a primarily indicative of what happens in our model when we over-perform on the top line.  Our non-GAAP revenue and EPS performance for the quarter were both primarily a direct consequence of strong top-line performance, basically stirred by an uptick in customer adoption.  Basically all major aspects of the business performed well. Each product line had really strong results. We saw a strong continued growth in operating margins, strong cash flows and stable business model. So, basically every major metric was positive.  There was a continuation of the acceleration of the customer engagements for both new adopters and longstanding relationships. So we saw a continuation of the deepening customer relationships that we've been mentioning on the previous calls and an accelerating pace in the last few. These transcended both geography and industry.  We've noticed in particular an expanded light which customers are interacting with us particularly in the global and major account arena. And anecdotally customers said this was basically a result of their increasing market pressures and ANSYS' execution of the long-term business and technology partner.  Now, before I start into the operational results in more detail, we're aware from some past calls, topic is that the some people had a strong focus on core versus consolidated growth. And we actually agree and that's why we've been reporting on it for the last few calls. But during these calls we've also been talking about the blurring of that demarcation line, and it's really a function of the rapid integration we've undertaken, and it's the one that we do again all things being the same.  So for the purpose of this call now that we've passed the first anniversary of the Fluent acquisition, we'll be focusing on our consolidated revenues since we've been running the company that way as a combined business. And there are just too many factors that make a pure concept to core misleading. So, first, the loss of OEM revenues from the core business that was basically a direct outcome of the acquisition itself but not the main decline in the core business.  Second, we've done significant re-bundling of the technology. So what used to be core revenue might be sold and included in the Fluent numbers now because we've worked on the front end with legacy emission technologies. And we really don't have a good way to capture or quantify nor is there really a good return for even trying to record that but still we know those effects are there.  And then just to the third factor, with the combination of Fluent, CFX we've basically seen with our customers are now focused on choosing technology, offering the best solution for the type of problem they are solving. So for instance, CFX was very strong in turbomachinery; Fluent, chemical process of the range of other things. But in the past, customers may have selected either technology purely based on the vendor relationship and that's now no longer the case. So now we may see sales pick up in either of the core or the Fluent side of the business and it really causes comparisons to be a little bit misleading on that.  So the bottom line is that we'll focus on the business metrics just as we have with our non-GAAP numbers to focus on the real trends and directions of the business. And when you sort through all the numbers the core revenue business remains very healthy. It's growing in the high teens. This will be evidenced throughout the consolidated numbers that we're about to discuss. So fortunately Q2 had two months overlapped. Second half is pure apples-to-apples and any of the transition confusion you should dissipate with time.  So with that in mind, I mentioned earlier that our non-GAAP revenue for the quarter was $92.3 million and this revenue is 35% over the $68.2 million of Q2 of 2006. The non-GAAP diluted earnings, again repeating for the quarter, grew 43% to $0.30, up from $0.21 in 2006. So this exceeded the analyst consensus and marks the 39th consecutive quarter that non-GAAP EPS has met or exceeded the consensus.  The overall non-GAAP operating margins for the quarter were 43% indicative of the solid top-line results. This compares to 38% in Q2 of 2006. And it's noteworthy I think particularly not only from its sales standing strength but in demonstrating the significant progress in one of the key areas that we focused on during the integration process and that's bringing the acquired business into the ANSYS business model. And I think we've demonstrated that.  Adjusted gross margins continued in line with our business model at a healthy 85%, and these margins occurred even while we were continuing to absorb some of the incremental costs to integrate our global operations, basically migrating the customer common business platforms and bring Fluent in full compliance with Sarbanes Oxley. And we also had continued strong cash flows from operations of over $37 million which is a 46% increase over the $25 million of last Q2.  For the six months of 2007 we've reported total non-GAAP revenue of a $181.9 million or 59% increase over the first half of the year. Now, similar to the results for the quarter, this also represents equivalent core growth net upper teens range we discussed a couple of minutes ago.  Software license business was disproportionately strong but the maintenance and service business also grew well. The year-to-date non-GAAP EPS was $0.59 that was a 37% increase over the $0.43 of 2006. Again, the EPS numbers I am talking about are split adjusted.  Non-GAAP operating and gross margins 43% and 85% respectively for the first half, and the cash flows from operations were over $59 million for the first six months which is a 56% increase over the first half of 2006.  So, with that high level, we're now slicing and dicing numbers from a number of different perspectives, category business, geography, customer product etcetera. So let's dig into category of business first.  First of all, the overall consolidated non-GAAP software license revenue grew 46% for the quarter and for the first half of the year was 76%. Total paid-up licenses grew at 34% for the quarter and 33% for year-to-date.  The lease business grew 55% for the quarter and now represents 40% of our revenues. For the year-to-date it's more than double to again 40% of total revenues. So this continues to strengthen our repeatable business base and earthen [ph] our overall visibility.  Our total maintenance and service growth, both grew at about 20% for the quarter. We saw our continued good balance between the high-end and the desktop products. The upper-end products continue to growing well with multiphysics growing at 20% or above for both the quarter and the year.  And there were impressive gains from the continuing migration of customers to the ANSYS Workbench platform which is unifying all of our technologies both internal and acquired. And we'll be talking more about this on upcoming calls as our product strategy and integration plans continue to evolve into the products and services that basically are gaining momentum with our already large but expanding customer base.  Different kind of business, our direct and indirect businesses both performed well maintaining the 70-30 split, that's a 70 in paper direct. As a repeat from previous goals we think this significant for two reasons. It shows combined strength in our indirect channel but it's also a future opportunity to selectively expand the product portfolio in that channel to take advantage of market opportunities.  Our business intake we're particularly strong and grew well in excess of the revenue growth which has allowed our deferred revenue to rise to $226.8 million which is a company record. Our already strong core repeatable business base has grown to 70% compared to 68% at this time last year.  Even with the robust growth we've been experiencing one of the greater strengths of our business model is the consistent ability to maintain a solid base of recurring and repeatable revenue. It affords us visibility going into the quarter and has helped reduce the variability of traditional back-end loading of revenue in the quarter. So, we believe this is a byproduct of our commitment to reinvest the high percentage of our revenue back into R&D which in turn allows our customers to solve increasingly complex design issue. And that's what it's all about.  We have a solid balance sheet and as I mentioned the strong cash flows with $37 million for the quarter. That cash flow can easily support the amortization of the debt that we took on with last year's acquisition and throughout 2006 and 2007 to date we've accelerated the pay-down of bad debt.  From a geographic perspective, we saw a strong growth for all regions. We continue to be encouraged by the combination of industry breadth, new customers and existing customer expansion. Now we still have a couple of areas that provide opportunities for improvement but as we mentioned in the past few quarters these luckily fall in the regions where integration activities are already starting to play a strong role in broadening our footprint and the relationships with key customers. And for the last ten years, we've always been talking about some area in the world that we want to improve. So we'll probably be talking about that every quarter as we go forward.  From a total business perspective, North America increased to 24% for the quarter. In general, this was balanced across aspects of the business including ANSYS direct offices and channel. And for the first half of the year the growth was 44% but again that carries the non-comparable of the Fluent sales.  Major orders in North America came from the same mixture of both the longstanding and some new customers that we have been come to expect such as Pratt & Whitney, General Electric, General Motors, Train, Goodrich, General Atomics, Seagate, Dresser-Rand, John Deere, Boeing, Knolls Atomic Power Lab of Lockheed Martin, NASA, Cummins Hewlett-Packard, Solid Turbines, U.S. Navy, Lockheed Martin, Westinghouse, General Dynamics, Northrop Grumman I mean that we could go on for a while here. But in general, strong throughout industries and combination of new and expanding customers and existing customers.  Europe continued to perform well with an overall 45% growth for the quarter. Again the balance throughout the region was actually in a good way but not necessarily uniform across the major regions. Now there was a positive currency impact of about $1.8 million but the growth for the quarter was still in the upper 3% ex-currency.  The largest deals in Europe I can't include, the both names you've heard us talk about in the past as well as a few addition from new customers such as Siemens, Airbus, BMW, Deluxe, Dyson, Olson Power, Atlas, Turbo Macho, the U.K. Atomic Energy Authority, Soldier, PRW, Avio, STMicroelectronics, Fuzo, Citro [ph] and Baron Thrum [ph], MAN, Livehere [ph] as well as a number of firms associated with the inter-nuclear reactor consortium that we mentioned on the last call. We're starting to see some triple-down from that.  And our third region, our general international area, quite early the Asia Pacific South America area continued. It was probably less balanced than the other one but was improvement over previous quarters. The region grew at 37% for the quarter. Most regions grew in excess of 40% while Japan grew at 30%. So given our discussion on prior calls and the size of the Japanese operations we're pretty pleased with the recent progress in Japan. But we'll still continue to focus on areas that continue to improve and one quarter doesn't make a trend. And so we will... we continue to work on all aspects of that.  India was a little slower than usual some of which are seen to center around the repatriation of business but we're still putting additional vigilance into some of the sub-markets there.  Currency impact for GIA was slightly negative for the region [ph] and also 0.25 million both for the quarter and year-to-date, so really not much of an impact there.  Our customer engagements in the region included the Honeywell, Hitachi, Matsushita, National Aerospace, TATA, Toshiba, HDL, Petrobras, Infotech, C-Power Pacific, General Electric, DENSO, Panasonic, Brother Industries, Chungdo Aircraft [ph], Texas Instruments. And so we saw a continuing variety of orders both local based business and multinational expansion even though some of that appeared to come through repatriation of the H2 level. That's a natural expectation coming out of major and global accounts.  As a continuing theme, we're seeing industry breadth and increased penetration within strong and broad customer base and the pipeline of new opportunities is increasing solid. The interest keeps growing but the challenge is also keep growing. So it's a never ending kind of progression.  We were encouraged that our existing and new customer came in, and has continued to grow off the momentum that we've built over the course of the past few years. Nevertheless even with this increasing interest there is also cost for constant vigilance. We see among the daily headlines everyday relative to engineering, the energy costs that are retreating [ph], tightening labor markets, slowing growth in pockets of the U.S. economy, currency fluctuations, yield for the broadband, all of these things that have been happened and they can be major or minor but they can positively adversely influence the timing and the patterns of our customers' buying decisions.  So in summary, we saw a strong balanced regional growth. Again there is areas we're attempting to strengthen but again we've been saying that for ten years. Some of the ones that we have mentioned recently are already starting to show signs of improvement while new opportunities to evolve in various parts of the world are also always presenting themselves. So as you can see from the list of customer names there was a good industry and major account activity, continuing strong performance in every major geography, and virtually all the sub-regions again particularly in our major accounts. But we still have a lot of improvement that we can tap on.  So in light of this progress I am stating we are continuing to ramp up of our customer facing organization both in response and in preparation for this growing opportunity.  Now, looking at things from a product revenue standpoint, we saw no significant changes in either the trends or the guidance that we have been talking about from a product standpoint. Consolidated paid-up license revenues for software grew 34% quarter-to-quarter. Lease business as I mentioned is growing to 40% of total. All parts of our product spectrum did well again with a good overall balance.  Just to hit on another metric of the concept of the core business, we talked about blurring but we do have one area that's basically untouched by the blurring and that's the traditional ANSYS structural software business. So, if you took that part and just combine the lease license and maintenance, the entire ball of extra software, this part grew at 23% for the quarter and 20% year-to-date. So it clearly supports the premise of the strong core growth.  ANSYS Workbench continued to gain traction and we are already expanding its capacity through the utilization of some new Fluent capabilities. And the good news is that we have been able to specify some dramatic improvement for our owned integration architecture that will become manifested later this year and moving into 2008. So these are direct outcomes of the commitment, progress of the technology integration in response... the technology integration teams I should say in response to feedback working with our key customers about the globe and we are very appreciative and excited by their efforts.  ASPs for the quarter increased slightly at both the high end and low end. This is not a multi-quarter trend as customer confidence is led to more licensing of increasingly comprehensive product sets.  From a qualitative standpoint the summary is that the broadest deepest set of integration simulation tools have continued to get broader and deeper and we spend quite a lot of time on the product liaison [ph] occurred in early Q1 during our previous calls this year in February and May, so I am not going to belabor those now but I'd invite you, anybody who's interested in the business to visit ansys.com and there is various details of the release this year as well as some upcoming news.  Perhaps the most impressive from a long-term standpoint is the way that we had accelerated the evolution of our integration platform and what it means for the future of simulation and for ANSYS. We feel that our R&D expenditures coupled with customer collaboration can yield some very exciting technology progress.  So basically in summary, again another very strong quarter quantitatively and qualitatively. There was continued financial and market performance and in spite of the wave of compliance and accounting requirements, our earnings and cash flow remained solid. So what we reiterate our long term commitment to taking our markets to a new level to what I call methodical investment pattern and technology that in fact takes years to build, and we have been added for years, sales and infrastructure that's interwoven with strong financial disciplines of the underpinnings of our unique business model compliant with the customer satisfaction and iso-steps [ph]. Basically this has allowed us over many years to continue or pursuit of with deal meeting customer expectations and corporate commitments to our stakeholders.  Over the long term we have demonstrated our ability to grow top line in accordance with our guidance while maintaining solid margins and continuing to provide a solid earnings growth while not sacrificing future prospects in the process. We will continue to drive for the long term vision. Our long term optimism and the increasing confidence of recent are both intact. So even as we increase our outlook this will also be tempered of course by our short term engineers' paranoia which I have to say has also served us well.  So with that, I'll turn it over to Maria Shields our CFO to provide you a more detailed look at our financials looking at the expense structure, balance sheet highlights as well as some other key factors of this quarter's business and our outlook down the future. Maria? 
Maria T. Shields - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, thanks Jim. I am just going to touch upon some highlights and then turn it back over to Jim. So I'll take it off with cost of sales excluding acquisition-related amortization and the impact of stock-based compensation which combined, totaled $5.4 million. Cost of sales for the second quarter totaled $13.6 million and that compares to $9.8 million in the second quarter of last year. This resulted in an overall non-GAAP gross profit margin of 85% for the second quarter and for the first half our non-GAAP cost of sales that excludes $10.7 million of acquisition-related amortization and stock-based compensation totaled $27.1 million and that compares with $15.8 million in the 2006 period also resulting in an 85% non-GAAP gross profit margin for the first half of the year.  The comparative increase over last year's second quarter and year-to-date period is largely related to the inclusion of the Fluent operations for a full quarter in 2007 compared to two months in '06 as well as increased third party royalties. And as we take a look out through the second half of '07 we are targeting non-GAAP gross profit margin in the 85% range through the end of the year.  On the SG&A front for the second quarter, SG&A expenses excluding $1.5 million in stock-based compensation were $25.6 million and that compares with 21.1 in last year's Q2 and for the first half SG&A excluding about $3 million of stock-based comp was $51 million and that compares with $32.1 million in the first half of '06.  The increase in the both the quarter and year-to-date figures was largely impacted the inclusion of Fluent's operational results in the 2007 period. Higher headcount costs and increase in third party consulting fees relative to the various IT integration projects that we have going on as well as an increase in some tax compliance costs, all these increases were partially offset by a reduction of about $550,000 relative to the bi-annual international conference that we had in last year's second quarter.  So looking ahead for the second half as Jim previously mentioned, we are continuing to make investments in building our global sales and business infrastructure to support scalability and growth out into the future.  On the R&D front, in the area of R&D our total expenses for the quarter net of about $500,000 of stock-based comp were $13.1 million and that compares to $11.3 million in Q2 of last year. And on a year-to-date basis our total investment in R&D excluding about a $1 million of stock-based compensation expense reached $25.6 million compared to $20.4 million in last year's comparable period.  Both the quarter to date and year-to-date increases were once again primarily driven by the full inclusion of Fluent's operations in the 2007 results as well as an increase in salaries and headcount expenses. And also during the first half of '07 we have capitalized about a $100,000 of internal development costs and that compares to 375,000 in last year's first half.  For the second quarter and the first half we delivered solid non-GAAP operating profit margins of 43%. The consolidated effective tax rate for the second quarter and first half was about 37%. And at this time we are anticipating that throughout the remainder of '07 we should be able to maintain an overall tax rate of somewhere in that 36% to 38% range.  For the second quarter, ANSYS reported an increase in non-GAAP EPS to $0.30 on 80.9 million diluted shares compared to $0.21 on 76.8 million shares in the second quarter of last year.  For the first half non-GAAP EPS have increased 37% to $0.59 on 80.8 million diluted shares compared to $0.43 on 72.5 million shares in first half of '06.  Based upon our current business visibility we are increasing our annual outlook for non-GAAP EPS to a range of a $1.14 to a $1.16 for the full year of '07 that equates to about a 23% to 25% increase over 2006. And for Q3 we are currently targeting non-GAAP EPS of $0.26 to $0.27 and this outlook assumes a share count diluted share count of about 81 to 81.5 million shares.  If we take a quick look through the balance sheet at June 30th that remains very strong. Our cash and short-term investments are about a 138 million. Our consolidated net DSO was at 44 days. The outstanding balance on the debt is at 98.5 million and the interest rate on that is about 5.8% for the upcoming quarter. And the business generated record cash flows from operations of over 37 million for the quarter and 59 million for the first half.  So with that Jim, I will turn it back over to you. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks, Maria. To recap, sustaining strong, diversified financial performance of all major parameters of the business, be it revenue earnings margin, cash flow, business base, visibility for both the core and the combined business. Secondly continued synergy with Fluent which positively impacted the quarter's non-GAAP revenue margins and EPS. Increasing customer interest at higher levels resulted in increased activity marked by industry and geographic diversity, broad-based adoption and accelerating interest in our combined offerings. And finally, a rapidly expanding portfolio of products augmented by partnerships and relationships again a number of those mentioned on the ansys.com website. Examples of are inclusion and featuring in the HP and Microsoft release on high performance computing basically technology distribution customer relationships across the board.  Our long-term outlook stays bullish. For the remainder of 2007 we are raising our estimates from the last call based on Q2's performance and the newest data that we have in front of us. We anticipate a good Q3 performance but just to remind for everyone that with Europe contributing around 40% of our revenues, this is always a challenging quarter with summer seasonality. Nevertheless, we expect non-GAAP revenue in the 89 to $90 million range with non-GAAP earnings in the $0.26 to $0.27 range.  For fiscal year 2007 our guidance for non-GAAP revenue is an increase to the 369 to $373 million range with non-GAAP EPS increasing to the $1.14 to $1.16 range which Maria I think just mentioned is an annual increase of 23% to 25% over 2006. As I mentioned we're already ramping up parts of our business to take advantage of market opportunities in a controlled fashion across the geographies and industries but we'll continually monitor the market factors as have... as we've demonstrated over the past few years.  So with that, we are now prepared to respond any specific questions you might have.  Question And Answer 
Operator: Thank you Mr. Cashman [Operator instructions]. We will take our first question today from Richard Davis of Needham & Company. 
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: Hey thanks a lot. Is it fairly conclusive when I kind of think about your business that you have almost kind of a barbell types that of growth. In other words you having seen larger and maybe initial deal sizes on the high end but at the same time you are growing, you're seeing good growth at the low end on a design basis and notionally, I know you don't drill down [ph] the product mix but is that the logical way to think about how the business is growing? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well the only thing is when you say barbell I infer from that like a fewer bi-model distribution and it's not... it's a little bit flatter than what you normally see in a traditional bi-model distribution. However there are definite holes around some of the desktop markets and the high-end. The problem is now as the buying the buying patterns have gotten to be more periodic where before they used to be event kind of sales where there would be a large sale, we go through it. And now they tend to be more organically progressing along with the customer. And in fact, sometimes those high end and low end fees are occurring at the same time to the same customer. So, it's... that's more a realization of some of the things that people are... that being bought but not necessarily the way people are buying that. 
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: Got it. Now and then some companies have tried to put out like a project based almost rental of software where you'd have a hosted product. Have any of your customers expressed interest in that or does that just seem like extremely niche product offering? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Again when you got a customer base as large as ours that you are always going to get that. Yes, we do have people that utilize it that way. I'd say that by far the predominating and even trending information is that particularly from a major account aspect the investment is to kind of bring those in, in other words that's by maybe a something equivalent to, do you rent a tool or own one it, it probably depends upon how much you use it and the economics as they start to increase the utilization of our software trend in that direction. However, we do have our software available for use on that kind of basis. I'd say that traditionally is the ones that are more spot usage where for instance data centers even at retail firms. Retail firms that don't make it a manufactured product but they will utilize our software over the Internet or over the web to actually optimize the cooling of their data centers. For instance if they've got huge amount server firms that they need to cover.  So it's... we are having that but it's... it tends to fill certainly in these gaps as opposed to being what I call as usually a secular trend. I'd say also the other is that in many cases there are a lot of companies that when the usage builds up to a certain level they are sensitive to having what they consider the crown jewels in terms of their new innovative type of products that they are highly sensitive and secured about. They just don't want to have any ability to have that leaked out through unintended means because of that they tend to like to keep within its virtual corporate firewall if you will. 
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: Got it. Okay, well thank you very much. 
Operator: We'll go next to Mr. Tim Fox with Deutsche Bank. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.: First question a bit off track you mentioned a couple of customers STmicro, TI and I was wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit on what kind of products you are selling into STmicros of the world? And is that an area that you might think of expanding your functionality in electronics vertical over time? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well first of all we've been talking about doing that in the - we've been talking about electronics for quite some while. When we say that we are talking about the totality of balls in the electronics if you look at the thing of being able to use of explicit technology for drop shock of electronic equipment, there is an awful lot of things in terms of what we're doing with material, material technology to basically allow new technologies, new substrates. That's the mechanical failures associated with that are key but also the packaging of the technology, so things can stay cool. So they can operate... there is a minimum of electromagnetic field interference. So any means basically if you look electronics, it's probably one place where a lot of multiphysics comes heavily into play. And it tends to be organizationally where a lot of that type of work is being done by the same people. They are kind like the renaissance man and women of engineering. So it tends to be something where we are tending to push the envelope but if you look at it they have increasingly short design cycles, miniaturization new components and technologies, increasing government regulations FCC and above. And it just tends to have increasing competitive and market pressures and as a result that's the reason why those companies have continued to show up. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.: Interesting, thanks. That's useful. And my follow up would be on your commentary around building out your sales force a bit. If you can just talk a little bit about more, if you see that on the direct side or is that more investment in direct, is there any particular regions or even maybe vertical industries that you feel you need to address more deeply? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well first of all I think one of the things if you look at the breadth of the ANSYS base, we look at industry, we have a footprint in every industry. However there are certain industries that are in different adjacent flows and sometimes those industries are different depending upon the geography. So the way the traditional U.S. automotive market, the pressures that they are fighting they may be in one particular area where some of the Asian auto manufacturers are pushing ahead in other standpoints. As a result of that we are tending to kind of push ahead in a lot of different industries but it's continuing to build strengths as we are building the customer relations.  In terms of where we are expanding the customer presence, it's basically pretty much... it's a pretty much across the board because as you can see our geographic performance and the proliferation of global major accounts is s evidenced by just the short listed companies that I went through, that's progressing. That's kind of transcending any one particular geography and as always we tend to be disproportionate with the leaders across all industries regardless of what cycle those industries might be in. And so, it's a pretty significant issue both on support and business relationships of our customers facing organization. And I guess I can't think of an area where we are not expanding. Do you think I am right? Nothing on the board sit [ph] there. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.: Very good. Congratulations on another good quarter. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
Operator: We'll go now to Barbara Coffey with Kaufman. 
Barbara Coffey - Kaufman Brothers: Yes. Good morning. I know that Workbench 11 came out and I was wondering if there was certain features or functions and is that addressed different parts of the market or ideal for different verticals and if you see any health issues related to having a new product out in the market? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: First of all there is... anytime you have a new product out in the market there's always issues at the introduction, the realization phase and things like that. Issues, yes, problems, no. The other thing is that with regard to features, the main thing is keep in mind that most of the features in the verticals that are served are primarily served by all the various functional aspects that plugged into Workbench, and as a result Workbench is a way of being able to link into a diverse IT environment. It allows way for us to bring acquired and internal technologies and the facts that they can share and basically being able to support the overall aspect of true, with the emphasis on the word true, multiphysics kind of capability.  Now that being said there are certain industries that may not be as matured or deep into their utilization of simulation and therefore Workbench provide a capability for increased streamlining and tailoring towards the specific of individual customers and industries that might be able to utilize that. And one example for us, I've got the example of the low end and I've got an example on the high end.  On the high end our biggest power users actually utilize the turbo-machineries for developing aircraft engines because you've got a combination of rolling high-speed mechanics and your job is putting in simple terms because some of avenue of our technologies who went to [indiscernible] being described at this way. But you've also got massive amounts of combustion compressing air moving through there. So that's really high-end stuff and that's example of a tailored product on that.  Now on another end you've also got a situation as I mentioned in the electronics industry being able to whiffed together all of the standpoints so, kind of in one portfolio people can determine will it survive a drop shock, will it survive vibration? Will it overheat? Will it have electromagnetic problems? And I mean so having all those things together in a single package that has some commonality of data integration but that is also an issue. So what I am saying is that if it means toward being able to serve specific customers and their needs and specific industries their need but the beauty of it is it allows it allows us to marshal all of our technologies together with a minimum of redundancy and allows us to work in a very diverse multi PLM and complex IT environment. 
Barbara Coffey - Kaufman Brothers: Thank you. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Schappel, Benchmark. 
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Hi, good morning and good job on the quarter. 
Maria T. Shields - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning Mark. 
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Good morning. Jim I believe in your prepared remarks you mentioned that the traditional structural software business grew about 23% in the quarter. First of all did I catch that number right? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the only reason I spilled that out is we have been talking about blurring and I talked about these very substantial ways that that blurring happened. And it happened as a result of the integration we did and we are pleased with it and we think it helped propel the business. And we will do it again in our heart beat. It was just... and because of that we were able to look at the business and say that even though anybody could divide any two numbers on a financial statement and come up with any percentage they want, we want to try to give an idea where that business is hence really in that range that we have been talking about over the past few quarters.  The only reason I put out that other piece of data is because it stands there as one significant chunk of business. It really is outside the blurring because it wasn't affected by the OEM crossover. It wasn't affected by the transfers of technology. And as such if you take that business in its totality which I've said all lease, all license, all maintenance business and put that together that grew at 23%. And so again I don't want to... you don't need to lock onto that number. All I've said is that hey that's a pretty good growth rate for a major party of business and it is the purest measure we have out there of the core business. In fact we actually think that 23% goes to four [ph] what we could say was in that high-teens kind of range that we anecdotally would take the core growth business at. We didn't want to get confused over those comparables or have people connects the dots in the wrong way. 
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC: So, would that more of a proxy for license revenue growth versus total? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: No. No, because as if you look at... if you look at the percentage of our software business that's why I included the maintenance business. And that's why I included the whole thing not just license business because I wanted try to get something that would be I think very, very indicative. So, I think that really is indicative of a major chunk of our historical business. So, if anybody says that structural business, that traditional business can't grow, no, their growth prospects there, their growth prospects in the CAD and all the other market spaces we are in and in particular opportunity in unifying al those together in a true multiphysics structure. 
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. And moving on to large deals, did you have you any deals over $1 million in the quarter? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes we did. And again we... and the interesting thing... we can't specifically attribute a customer name to that. But the thing that was interesting was it was a longstanding ANSYS customer that also augmented with a significant chunk of Fluent revenue, because we got around that issue of which way do they have to really have to go forward? Now the other thing is there was also a reasonable lease portion with that business too. And then there were lot of the deals in the up to six figure kind of things and so it was in that kind of range but again probably what you'd see is that we have a number of these customers that are repeat with significant deals throughout the year as opposed to getting one big won't be deal every couple of years or something like that. 
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC: So, is it fair to assume it's just one large deal then? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think [multiple speakers]. 
Maria T. Shields - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Seven figure magnitude. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Seven figure, in the high six figures now the bigger now the number got, 50 on that. 
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. That's fine. Then one last question here, couple of quarters ago you had, Frank [ph] made some remarks about some favorable trends you are seeing in the energy structure. 
Maria T. Shields - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Has caused your adoption of engineering simulation technology. So I was wondering if you could just expand on that and maybe give us a little bit an update? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes first of all it's continued. Actually it's gotten kind of interesting. So for instance I talked about the fact of for instance alternative energy I talked about and in fact you even noticed when I mentioned companies like this quarter, I think I certainly not to mention BAE Hydro and Soldier I mean those are major water turbine manufacturers. We talked about the wind farms. We talked about a lot of alternatives. We talked about nuclear power. You mentioned the UK, over Asia Pacific we talked about inter-new generation of environmentally friendly nuclear reactors high efficiency. But in the past we talked about oil and gas but it's even getting... it's even gotten more interesting on that standpoint where looking at all alternative fuels in terms of biofuels, biomass all of those kind of standpoints. So actually driving we're driving those efficiencies  Secondarily there has been a lot of interest in terms of fragments in hybrid technology and how do you drive the driving of fuel cells of batteries of the control system that actually combine those. Sometimes even the bridge on [ph] beyond that particular aspect so it just continues to do that. And even in North America you probably noticed some activity there from us and the investment in CAE is continuing there even despite some of the stories you sometimes hear coming out of Detroit. Do you have anything to add? 
Maria T. Shields - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I'd say that's probably some of the investments in technology and some of the Big 3 in Detroit that are going through their own financial struggles right now. The competitive environment is so incredible for them that we are seeing an uptick in our business and in Detroit which hasn't historically been an area of strength for us. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: I have been actually... one where we're actually working and this is where some of the concept of the combination of our simulation plus the ability even to simulate the chemical processes and combustion and things like that go on, of instance. I mean there are even [ph] things you've heard me talk about like the anti-matter [ph] engine and Pascal [ph] and things like that. I mean there is actually one way they are talking about working on fuel from chicken cow, animal fat. I mean so it's amazing if you look at the things that things are doing.  And the other thing is a lot of the impact of the advanced materials, that the interesting thing is that people are getting into non-traditional development of energy, non-conditional use of materials but all of a sudden you don't have that years of engineering expertise that people rely on. Therefore if you can stimulate it and kind of run the impacts high speed computer 20 or 30 years in the future you may be able to avoid some significant blind allies or problems. So in some ways that innovation has happening in a lot of different products, it's actually spurring people to get out of the status quo age of the way they used to look at simulation. 
Mark W. Schappel - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Thanks and good job again. 
Operator: We will go now Jason Rogers, Great Lakes Review. 
Jason Rogers - LJR Great Lakes Review: Good morning. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. 
Jason Rogers - LJR Great Lakes Review: Maintenance and service revenue what was that as a percentage sale? 
Maria T. Shields - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: As a percent of total revenue. 
Jason Rogers - LJR Great Lakes Review: Right. 
Maria T. Shields - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: 36% for the quarter and 35% for the first half. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Jason Rogers - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay and what was... 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Basically the predominating portion of that is the maintenance, there is software portion of that, not the services for hire. 
Jason Rogers - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. And what was that up on a core basis for maintenance and service revenue? 
Maria T. Shields - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On a quarterly basis it was up 19% and 36% for the first half. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Jason Rogers - LJR Great Lakes Review: I mean on core basis like ex-Fluent? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Again it would be in that... it would be in that high, it would be in that upper teens range. 
Jason Rogers - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: And that's why we came across that. 
Jason Rogers - LJR Great Lakes Review: Yes. Upper teens for both period. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Jason Rogers - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. And you mentioned Europe was up 40% of the revenue, what's the North America for the quarter? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well for the quarter, North America was about 30, it's in the upper 30s. 
Jason Rogers - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Upper 30% I mean. 
Jason Rogers - LJR Great Lakes Review: And was there any share repurchases in the quarter? 
Maria T. Shields - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: None. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: No. 
Jason Rogers - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. And I know it's small, but what was the accounts payable in the quarter? 
Maria T. Shields - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Accounts payable is not on the balance sheet. Accounts payable right now and at June 30, it was about $2.5 million. 
Jason Rogers - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. And finally what do you estimate for your CapEx and D&A for '07? 
Maria T. Shields - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: CapEx for the remainder of the year, we are at 6.5 through the first half and it's probably be equivalent there about for the second half. 
Jason Rogers - LJR Great Lakes Review: All right. Okay, thank you. 
Operator: And our final question today comes from Sunil Dapshadar with Sentinel Asset Management. 
Sunil Dapshadar - Sentinel Asset Management: Yes, thanks. Do you see any help from Autodesk's customer base being migrated from 2D to 3D and do you see that in your business helping your business? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well it is helping... it's not the major driver but it's also... any time you have a migration thing it tends to move along there. So it's... there is two aspects of it one of which is what part comes as a result of the price of Autodesk shipped and that's a small wise for growing revenue stream for it. The other part is the upgrade task force which has been a reasonable augmentation of the business but it's not a hugely material aspect of it right now, but it certainly has the opportunity to build over time. 
Sunil Dapshadar - Sentinel Asset Management: So if the penetration of the 2D base increases to 3D in fact for 3D, then can we see acceleration in your business as you say that it could be a material impact then later on going forward? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think it clearly could be, I mean right now and awful lot of thing, if you look at our footprint this is one other entry avenue, our prime entry avenue is what the major counts that we already have significant standpoints within as such as we are growing in need to their need for simulation of which you know 3D migration can help support those aspects that aren't already at 3D. 
Sunil Dapshadar - Sentinel Asset Management: Okay, you talked about the repeat business being very strong. I think the growth was 45% year -over year if I got it correctly 40% of revenues? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's... the lease business is up to 40% when you combine that with the actual ongoing maintenance streams that we have that are purely software related, that's would took us up to 70%. 
Sunil Dapshadar - Sentinel Asset Management: So do you think that the repeat business may continue at that kind of a strong growth going forward or do you think that -- 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think that first of all we have a business model that tries to maintain that balance, 70% is higher than it traditionally has been seasonally adjusted for Q2 but keep in mind we have been talking about this for many years. And it's historically been in the 60 plus range but it has been ticking up over time. So there is a definite picking up as we continue to build the software maintenance business as our OEM sources of revenue provide opportunities for growth and as the lease base has also grown and stayed strong. 
Sunil Dapshadar - Sentinel Asset Management: Okay. And when you look into the second half and 2008 of course the last four quarters have been uneven exceptional growth. How do you view the growth going forward now? Of course we have that acquisition of Fluent in those but do you believe that the growth is going to come down to more normalized level to mid teens kind of going forward? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: We have always said it's kind of baseline that did up teens rate is kind of like a sustainable one without worrying about would a market spike happen that would drive it up, you get that time where things ramp through the curve. And of course there might be other acquisitions in the future you never know. So, those type of situations but we feel for a sustainable investment pattern with a good earnings performance and a good sustainable solid growth by balancing our customer facing expenditures, our R&D expenditures and like that we continue on that and continue to try to over achieve on the top line and continue to try to provide superior earnings performance. 
Sunil Dapshadar - Sentinel Asset Management: Okay. If I may ask one last question in terms of the verticals, do you think any of the verticals are still under penetrated in terms of simulation and do you think that might... 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think they all are. I seriously think they al are. I mean it's all the matter of degree, I don't think there is any that are saturated. They may be saturated from the 1990's early 2000 view of what simulation was but that's not. That's not really where this is all heading going forward. So there is a lot of things and only with a committed long-term pattern of innovation and R&D that solves some of the problems that been impeding the adoption of simulation. You need to do that over the long term and we have been doing it or committed to doing it for the future. And those type things that opens up a well with new opportunities I think that's something we've demonstrated over the last few years. 
Sunil Dapshadar - Sentinel Asset Management: So which means that we are still in the early stages nine innings game right? 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think so, yes definitely and that was the pieces several years ago actually during the dot.com craze when everybody said it was a dead market. 
Sunil Dapshadar - Sentinel Asset Management: Okay. Thank a lot Jim. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
Operator: And Mr. Cashman with no other questions in queue I'll turn it back to you for closing remarks. 
James E. Cashman, III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well in close we'll continue to focus on execution but I have to characterize us as having an increased enthusiasm due to... basically pretty encouraging response that we've been seeing to our product vision as well as the current OpEx. We don't take that for... take the grant that we're... we do have a strong combination of a solid business model. We've got longstanding loyal customers. We've got a channel partner that are bias but I think second to none, great technology and of course the talented employees and we're very appreciative for all those constituency groups. They're I can say, an important fundamental to our D&A. They are fundamental to our sustained performance and they are fundamental to our future. But so we still have a lot opportunity as we just mentioned on that last question and a lot of work to do to reach our full potential. So I basically just like to thank everybody on the extent of the ANSYS team for the first half and advance for the remainder this year. And thanks all of you on this call. We'll hopefully be talking to you next quarter. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you so much for your participation. This does concludes the conference and you may now disconnect your lines.
