===== 2025 Q1  (2025-03-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom Inc. First Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Gu, Head of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc.
Gu: Thank you, Sherry, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on today's call are Hock Tan, President and CEO, Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer, and Charlie Kawwas, President, Semiconductor Solutions Group. Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables after the market closed describing our financial performance for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the investors section of Broadcom's website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and an audio replay of the call can be accessed for one year through the investors section of Broadcom's website. During the prepared comments, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our first quarter fiscal year 2025 results, guidance for our second quarter of fiscal year 2025, as well as commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to US GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. I'll now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Gu. And thank you everyone for joining today. In our fiscal Q1 2025, total revenue was a record $14.9 billion, up 25% year on year. And consolidated adjusted EBITDA was a record again, $10.1 billion, up 41% year on year. So let me first provide color on our semiconductor business. Q1 semiconductor revenue was $8.2 billion, 11% year on year. Growth was driven by AI, as AI revenue of $4.1 billion was up 77% year on year. We repeat our guidance for AI revenue of $3.8 billion due to stronger shipments of networking solutions to hyperscalers on AI. Our hyperscale partners continue to invest aggressively in the next generation Frontier models, which do require high-performance accelerators as well as AI data centers with larger clusters. Consistent with this, we are stepping up our R&D investment on two fronts. One, we're pushing the envelope of technology in creating the next generation of accelerators. We're taping out the industry's first two-nanometer AI XPU packaging 3.5D, as we drive towards a 10,000 teraflops XPU. Secondly, we have a view towards scaling clusters of 500,000 accelerators for hyperscale customers. We have doubled the radix capacity of this of the existing Tomahawk 5. And beyond this, to enable AI clusters to scale up on Ethernet towards one million XPUs. We have taped out our next-generation 100 terabit Tomahawk 6 switch running 200G SerDes and 1.6 terabit bandwidth. We will be delivering samples to customers within the next few months. These R&D investments are very aligned with the roadmap of our three hyperscale customers as they each race towards one million XPU clusters by the end of 2027. And, accordingly, we do reaffirm what we said last quarter, that we expect these three hyperscale customers will generate a serviceable addressable market or SAM in the range of $60 to $90 billion in fiscal 2027. Beyond these three customers, we had also mentioned previously that we are deeply engaged with two other hyperscalers in enabling them to create their own customized AI accelerator. We are on track to tape out their XPUs this year. In the process of working with the hyperscalers, it has become very clear that while they are excellent in software, Broadcom is the best in hardware. Working together is what optimizes large language models. It is therefore no surprise to us since our last earnings call, the two additional hyperscalers have selected Broadcom to develop custom accelerators to train their next-generation Frontier models. So even as we have three hyperscale customers, we are shipping XPUs in volume today. There are now four more who are deeply engaged with us to create their own accelerators. And to be clear, of course, these four are not included in our estimated SAM of $60 billion to $90 billion in 2027. So we do see an exciting trend here. New Frontier models and techniques put unexpected pressures on AI systems. It's difficult to serve all classes of models with a single system design point. And therefore, it is hard to imagine that a general-purpose accelerator can be configured and optimized across multiple Frontier models. And as I mentioned before, the trend towards XPUs is a multiyear journey. So coming back to 2025, we see a steady ramp in deployment of all our XPUs and networking products. So Q1 AI revenue was $4.1 billion, and we expect Q2 AI revenue to grow to $4.4 billion, which is up 44% year on year. Turning to non-AI semiconductors, revenue of $4.1 billion was down 9% sequentially on a seasonal decline in wireless. In aggregate, during Q1, the recovery in non-AI semiconductors continues to be slow. Broadband, which bottomed in Q4 2024, showed a double-digit sequential recovery in Q1 and is expected to be up similarly in Q2 as service providers and telcos step up spending. Server storage was down single digits sequentially in Q1 but is expected to be up high single digits sequentially in Q2. Meanwhile, enterprise networking continues to remain flattish in the first half of fiscal 2025 as customers continue to work through channel inventory. Wireless was down sequentially due to a seasonal decline. It remained flat year on year. In Q2, wireless is expected to be the same, flat again year on year. Resales in industrial were down double digits in Q1 and are expected to be down in Q2. So reflecting the foregoing puts and takes, we expect non-AI semiconductor revenue in Q2 to be flattish sequentially even though we are seeing bookings continue to grow year on year. In summary, for Q2, we expect total semiconductor revenue to grow 2% sequentially and up 17% year on year to $8.4 billion. Turning now to infrastructure software. Q1 infrastructure software revenue of $6.7 billion was up 47% year on year and up 15% sequentially, exaggerated though by deals which slipped from Q4 to Q1. Now this is the first quarter Q1 2025 where the year on year comparables include VMware in both quarters. We're seeing significant growth in the software segment for two reasons. One, we're converting from a footprint of largely perpetual licenses to one of full subscription. And as of today, we are over 60% done. Two, these perpetual licenses were only largely for virtualization, otherwise called vSphere. We are upselling customers to a full stack VCF, which enables the entire data center to be virtualized and enables customers to create their own private cloud environment on-prem. And as of the end of Q1, approximately 70% of our largest 10,000 customers have adopted VCF. As these customers consume VCF, we do see a further opportunity for future growth. As large enterprises adopt AI, they have to run their AI workloads on their on-prem data centers, which will include both GPU servers as well as traditional CPUs. And just as VCF virtualizes these traditional data centers using CPUs, VCM will also virtualize GPUs on a common platform and then enable enterprises to import AI models to run their own data on-prem. This platform, which virtualizes the GPU, is called the VMware Private AI Foundation. And as of today, in collaboration with NVIDIA, we have 39 enterprise customers for the VMware Private AI Foundation. Customer demand has been driven by our open ecosystem, superior load balancing, and automation capabilities, which allow them to intelligently pool and run workloads across both GPU and CPU infrastructure, leading to very reduced costs. Moving on to Q2 outlook for software, we expect revenue of $6.5 billion, up 23% year on year. So in total, we're guiding Q2 consolidated revenue to be approximately $14.9 billion, up 19% year on year. And we expect this will drive Q2 adjusted EBITDA to approximately 66% of revenue. With that, let me turn the call over to Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our Q1 financial performance. From a year on year comparable basis, keep in mind that Q1 of fiscal 2024 was a 14-week quarter and Q1 of fiscal 2025 is a 13-week quarter. Consolidated revenue was $14.9 billion for the quarter, up 25% from a year ago. Gross margin was 79.1% of revenue in the quarter, better than we originally guided on higher infrastructure software revenue and more favorable semiconductor revenue mix. Consolidated operating expenses were $2 billion, of which $1.4 billion was for R&D. Q1 operating income of $9.8 billion was up 44% from a year ago with operating margin at 66% of revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was a record $10.1 billion or 68% of revenue, above our guidance of 66%. This figure excludes $142 million of depreciation. Now a review of the P&L for our two segments. Starting with semiconductors. Revenue for our semiconductor solutions segment was $8.2 billion and represented 55% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 11% year on year. Gross margin for our semiconductor solutions segment was approximately 68%, up 70 basis points year on year driven by revenue mix. Operating expenses increased 3% year on year to $890 million on increased investment in R&D for leading-edge AI semiconductors, resulting in semiconductor operating margin of 57%. Now moving on to infrastructure software. Revenue for infrastructure software of $6.7 billion was 45% and up 47% year on year based primarily on increased revenue from VMware. Gross margin for infrastructure software was 92.5% in the quarter compared to 88% a year ago. Operating expenses were approximately $1.1 billion in the quarter, resulting in infrastructure software operating margin of 76%. This compares to operating margin of 59% a year ago. This year on year improvement reflects our disciplined integration of VMware and sharp focus on deploying our VCF strategy. Moving on to cash flow. Free cash flow in the quarter was $6 billion and represented 40% of revenue. Free cash flow as a percentage of revenue continues to be impacted by cash interest expense from debt related to the VMware acquisition and cash taxes due to the mix of US taxable income, the continued delay in the reenactment of section 174, and the impact of Corporate AMT. We spent $100 million on capital expenditures. Day sales outstanding were 30 days in the first quarter compared to 41 days a year ago. We ended the first quarter with inventory of $1.9 billion, up 8% sequentially, to support revenue in future quarters. Our days of inventory on hand were 65 days in Q1 as we continue to remain disciplined on how we manage inventory across the ecosystem. We ended the first quarter with $9.3 billion of cash and $68.8 billion of gross principal debt. During the quarter, we repaid $495 million of fixed-rate debt and $7.6 billion of floating-rate debt with new senior notes, commercial paper, and cash on hand, reducing debt by a net $1.1 billion. Following these actions, the weighted average coupon rate and years to maturity of our $58.8 billion in fixed-rate debt is 3.8% and 7.3 years respectively. The weighted average coupon rate and years to maturity of our $6 billion in floating-rate debt is 5.4% and 3.8 years respectively. And our $4 billion in commercial paper is at an average rate of 4.6%. Turning to capital allocation. In Q1, we paid stockholders $2.8 billion of cash dividends based on a quarterly common stock cash dividend of $59 per share. We spent $2 billion to repurchase 8.7 million AVGO shares from employees as those shares vested or withholding taxes. In Q2, we expect the non-GAAP diluted share count to be approximately 4.95 billion shares. Now moving on to guidance. Our guidance for Q2 is for consolidated revenue of $14.9 billion with semiconductor revenue of approximately $8.4 billion, up 17% year on year. We expect Q2 AI revenue of $4.4 billion, up 44% year on year. For non-AI semiconductors, we expect Q2 revenue of $4 billion. We expect Q2 infrastructure software revenue of approximately $6.5 billion, up 23% year on year. We expect Q2 adjusted EBITDA to be about 66%. For modeling purposes, we expect Q2 consolidated gross margin to be down approximately 20 basis points sequentially on the revenue mix of infrastructure software. As Hock discussed earlier, we are increasing our R&D investment in leading-edge AI in Q2 and accordingly, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be approximately 66%. We expect the non-GAAP tax rate for Q2 and fiscal year 2025 to be approximately 14%. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, we will now open for questions.
Operator: Thank you. As a reminder, to ask a question, you will need to press star one one on your telephone. To withdraw your question, press star one one again. Due to time restraints, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. Please standby while we compile the Q&A roster. And our first question will come from the line of Ben Reitzes with Melius. Your line is open.
Ben Reitzes: Hey, guys. Thanks a lot and congrats on the results. Hock, you talked about four more customers coming online. Can you just talk a little bit more about the trend you're seeing, can any of these customers be as big as the current three? And what does this say about the custom silicon trend overall and your optimism and upside to the business long term? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Well, very interesting question, Ben. And thanks for your kind wishes. But what we're seeing is and by the way, these four are not customers as we define it. As I've always said, you know, in developing and creating XPUs, you know, we are not really the creator of those XPUs, to be honest. We enable each of those hyperscalers partners we engage with to create that chip and to basically, to create that compute system. Call it that way. And it comprises the model, the software model, working closely with the compute engine, the XPU, and the networking that ties together the clusters of those multiple XPUs as a whole to train those large Frontier models. And so you know, and the fact that we create the hardware it still has to work with the software models and the algorithms of those partners of ours before it becomes fully deployable and scale, which is why we define customers in this case as those where we know they have deployed at scale and we'll receive the production volume to enable it. Right. For that, we only have just the three. The four are, I call it partners, who are trying to create the same thing as the first three and to run their own Frontier models, each of it on there to train their own Frontier models. And as I also said, it doesn't happen overnight. To do the first chip, could take would take typically a year and a half. And that's very accelerated and which we could accelerate given that we essentially have a framework and a methodology that works right now. It works for the three customers. No reason for it to not work for the four. Still need those four partners to create and to develop a software which we don't do to make it work, and to answer your question, there's no reason why these four guys would not create a demand in the range of what we're seeing with the first three guys. But probably later. It's a journey. They started it later. And so they will probably get there later.
Ben Reitzes: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon, and great job on the strong quarterly results, Hock and team. Great to see the continual momentum in the AI business here in the first half of your fiscal year, and the continued broadening out of your AI ASIC customers. I know, Hock, last earnings, you did call out a strong ramp in the second half of the fiscal year, driven by new three-nanometer AI accelerated programs kinda ramping. You just help us either qualitatively, quantitatively, profile the second half step up relative to what the team just delivered here in the first half? Has the profile changed? Either favorably less favorably versus what you thought, maybe ninety days ago because quite frankly, I mean, a lot has happened since last earnings. Right? You've had the dynamics like deep seek and focus on AI model efficiency. But on the flip side, you've had strong CapEx outlooks by your cloud and hyperscale customers. So any color on the second half AI profile would be helpful.
Hock Tan: You're asking me to look into the minds of my customers. And I hate to tell you they don't tell me, they don't show me the entire mindset here. But one why are we beating the numbers so far in Q1? Seems to be encouraging in Q2. Pardon me? From improved networking shipments, as I indicate that's to foster those XPUs and AI accelerators even in some cases GPUs together, for the hyperscalers. And that's good. And partly, also, we think there is some pull-ins of shipments and acceleration, call it that way, of shipments yes, in fiscal 2025.
Harlan Sur: And on the second half, that you talked about ninety days ago, the second half three-nanometer ramp, is that still very much on track?
Hock Tan: Alan, thank you. I only got you two. Sorry. Let me let's not speculate on the second half.
Harlan Sur: Okay. Thank you, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thank you for taking my question. Congrats on these pretty great results. It you know, it seems from the news headlines about tariffs and about Deepseek that there may be some disruption. Some customers and some other complementary suppliers seem to feel a bit paralyzed perhaps. Have difficulty making tough decisions. Those tend to be you know, really useful times for great companies to sort of emerge as something bigger and better than they were in the past. You've, you know, grown this company in a tremendous way over the last, you know, decade plus. And you're doing great now, especially in this AI area. But I wonder if you're seeing that sort of disruption from these dynamics that we suspect are happening based on, you know, headlines of what we see from other companies. And how aside from adding these customers in AI, sure there's other great stuff going on, but should we expect some bigger changes to come from Broadcom as a result of this?
Hock Tan: You post a very interesting set of issues and questions. And those are very relevant interesting issues. And don't need issue the only problem we have at this point is I would say it's really toward to no way we're all linked. I mean, there's the threat, the noise of tariffs, especially on chips, that has a material lines in it. Nor do we know how it will be structured. So we don't know. But we do experience and we are leaving it now. Is the disruption on that is paused in a positive way. I should add a very positive disruption in semiconductors, on a generative AI. Generative AI for sure. And we I said that before, so at the risk of repeating, you know, but it's we feel it more than ever. Is really accelerating the development of semiconductor technology. Both process and packaging as well as design. Towards higher and higher performance accelerators and networking functionality. We've seen that innovation that those upgrades occur on a every month. As we face new interesting challenges. And when particularly with XPUs. We're trying within as to optimize to Frontier models of our partners, our customers, as well as our hyperscale partners. And we it's a lot of I mean, it's a it's a privilege almost for us to be to participate in it and try to optimize. And by optimize, I mean, you look at an accelerator. You can look at it for simple terms, high level, to to perform, to want to maybe mention not just on one single mentoring, which is compute capacity, how many teraflops? It's more than that. It's also tied to the fact that this is a distributed computing problem. It's not just the sing the compute capacity of a single XPU or GPU. It's also the network bandwidth. It ties itself to the next adjacent XPU or GPU. So that has an impact. So you're doing that. You'll have the balance with that. Then you decide, are you doing training or you're doing prefilling? Post training. Fine tuning. And again then comes how much memory do you balance against that? And with it, how much latency you can afford, which is memory bandwidth. So you will look at the at least four variables, maybe even five. If you're in clone in memory bandwidth. Not just memory capacity, when you go straight to inference. So we we have all these variables to play with and we try to optimize it. So all this is very, very I mean, it's a great experience for our engineers to push their envelope on how to create all those chips and so that's the biggest disruption we see right now. From sheer trying to create and push the envelope on generative AI. Trying to create the best hardware infrastructure to run it. Beyond that, yeah, there are there are other things too that come into play because with AI, as I indicated, just not just drive hardware for enterprises, it drives the way the architect their data centers. You know, data requirement they keep keeping data private on on under control becomes important. So suddenly, the push of what loads towards public cloud. May take a little pause as large enterprises particularly, have to they have to take direct device that you want to run AI workloads. You're probably thinking very hard about running them on-prem. And suddenly, push yourself to a saying, got to upgrade your own data centers. To do you know, and manage the your own data to run it on-prem. And that's also pushing a trend that with we have been seeing now over the past twelve months. Hence, my comments on VMware Private AI Foundation. This is to especially enterprises pushing direction at quickly recognizing that how where do they run their AI workloads. So those are trends we see today and a lot of it coming out of AI, a lot of it coming out of sensitive rules on sovereignty, in cloud and in data. On as far as you're mentioning tariffs is concerned, I think that's too early for us to figure out where to online. And probably maybe give it another three, six months we probably have a better idea where to go.
William Stein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: May I speak to a ask a question. I want to go back to the XPU side of things. And going from the four new engagements, not yet named customers, two last quarter and two more today that you announced. I wanna talk about going from kind of design winded deployment. How do you judge that? Because there is some debate about, you know, tons of design wins, but the deployments actually don't happen either that they never occur or that the volume is never what is originally promised. How do you view that kind of conversion ratio with there a wide range around it? Or is there some way you could help us kind of understand how that works?
Hock Tan: Well, it's and, Ross, the interesting question I'll take the opportunity to say the way we look at designing is probably very different from the way many of our peers look at it out there. Number one, to begin with, we believe design win when we know our product is at in produced in scale, at scale and is actually deployed. Literally deployed in production. So that takes a long lead time because from taping out getting in the product, it takes a year. Easily from the product in the hands. Of our partner to when it goes into scale production, it will take six months to a year. It's our experience that we've seen. Number one and number two. I mean, producing and deploying five thousand SKUs that's that's a joke. That's not real production in my in our view. And so we also limit ourselves in selecting partners to people who really need that large volume. You need that large volume from our viewpoint in scale right now. In mostly framing, training of large language models from tier models in a continuing trajectory. So we limit ourselves to how many customers or how many potential customers that exist out there, Ross. And we tend to be very selective who we pick. The beginning. So when we say design win, it really is at scale. It's not something that starts in six months and die or a year and die again. Basically, it's a selection of custom. It just the way we run our ASIC business in general for the last fifteen years. We pick and choose the customers because we know this guy and we do multi multi-year roadmaps with these customers because we know these customers are sustainable. I put it bluntly. We don't do it for start-ups.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to go to the three customers that you do have in volume today. And what I wanted to ask was is there any concern about some of the new regulations or the AI diffusion rules that are gonna get put in place supposedly in May impacting any of those design wins or shipments. It sounds like you think all three of those are still on at this point. But anything you could tell us about worries about new regulations or AI diffusions impacting any of those wins would be helpful.
Hock Tan: Thank you. In this era or this current era of geopolitical tensions, and fairly dramatic actions all around by governments, yes, always some concern at the back of everybody's mind. But to answer your question directly, no. We don't have any concerns.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. So none of those are going into China? Or to Chinese customers then?
Hock Tan: No comment. Are you trying to locate who they are?
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Hock, whenever you have described your AI opportunity, you've always emphasized the training workload. But the perception is that the AI market could be dominated by the inference workload, especially with these new reasoning models. So what happens to your opportunity and share if the mix moves more towards inference, does it, you know, does it create a bigger TAM you than the $60 to $90 billion? You know, does it keep it the same, but is there is a different mix of product? Or does a more inference-heavy market favor a GPU over an XPU? Thank you.
Hock Tan: That's a good interesting question. By the way, I never I do talk a lot about training. We do out check our experience as also focus on inference as a separate product line. They do. And that's why I can say the architecture of those chips are very different from the architecture of the training chips. And so it's a combination of those two, I should add. That adds up to this $60 to $90 billion. So if I had not been clear I do apologize. It's a combination of both. But having said that, the larger part of the dollars come from training. Not inference. If within the server service, the same that we have talked about so far. Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Thanks, Broadcom team. And again, great execution. Just talk had a quick question. We've been hearing that almost all of the large clusters that are 100k plus they're all going to Ethernet. I was wondering if you could help us understand the importance of when the customer's making a selection, you know, choosing between a guy that has the best switch ASICs such as you, versus a guy that might have to compute there. Can you talk about what the customer is thinking and what are the final points that they wanna hit upon when they make that selection for the mixed cards?
Hock Tan: Okay. I see. No. It's a com yeah. It's down to in the in the case of the in the case of the hyperscalers, now very much so, it's very driven by performance. And it's performance what you're mentioning about on connecting scaling up, and scaling out those AI accelerators, be they XPU or GPU. Among extra scalers. And in main most cases, among those hyperscalers we engage with, when it comes to connecting those clusters. They're very driven. By performance. I mean, you if you are in the race to really get the best performance out of your hardware as you train and continue to train your Frontier models, that matters more than anything else. So the basic first thing they go for is proven. That's a proven piece of hardware is a proven net it's a proven system subsystem in our case that makes it work. And in that case, we tend to have a big advantage. Because, I mean, networking is ours. You know, switching and routing is ours for the last ten years at least. And the fact that it's AI just makes it more interesting for our engineers to work on. And but it's basically based on proven technology and experience in pushing that and pushing the envelope on going from 800 gigabit per second bandwidth to 1.6 and moving on to 3.2, which is exactly why we keep stepping up the rate of investment in coming up with our products where we take a ton of five. We doubled the radix to deal with just one hyperscaler because they want high radix to create larger clusters while running, bandwidth that are smaller but that doesn't stop us from moving ahead to the next generation of Tomahawk 6 and I dare say, we even planning to come out 7 and 8 right now. And we're speeding up the rate of development. And it's all actually for that few guys, by the way. So we're making a lot of investment for very few customers, hopefully, with very large serve available markets. That's if I'm nothing else, that's the big bets we are placing.
Harsh Kumar: Thank you, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Hock, in the past, you have mentioned XPU units growing from about two million last year to about seven million, you said, in the 2027, 2028 time frame. My question is, do these four new customers, do they add to that seven million unit number? I know in the past, you sort of talked about an ASP. It was, you know, twenty grand by then. So those three the first three customers are clearly a subset of that seven million units. So do these new four engagements drive that seven higher, or do they just fill in to get to that seven million? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Thanks, Tim, for asking that. To clarify, as I made I thought I made it clear in my comments. No. The market we're talking about include when you translate the unit it's only among the three customers we have today. The other four, we talk about engagement partners, we don't consider that as customers yet, and therefore, are not in our served available market.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. So they would add to that number. Okay. Thanks, Hock.
Operator: Thanks. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of CJ Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
CJ Muse: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, I'll have to follow-up on your prepared remarks and comments earlier around optimization with your best hardware and hyperscalers with their great software. I'm curious how you're expanding your portfolio now to six mega scale kind of frontier models. Will enable you to, you know, a more plush, you know, share tremendous information, but at the same time, a world where these six truly wanna differentiate. So, obviously, you know, the goal for all of these players is exaflops, per second per dollar of capex per watt. And I guess to what degree are you aiding them in these efforts? And where does maybe the Chinese wall kinda start where they wanna kinda differentiate and not share with you kind of some of the work that you're doing.
Hock Tan: You. Oh, you know, we only provide very base basic fundamental technology in semiconductors to enable these guys to use what we have and optimize it to their own particular models. And algorithms that relate to those models. That's it. That's all we do. So that's the level of a lot of that optimization we do for each of them. And as I mentioned earlier, there are maybe five degrees of freedom. Yeah. We do. And we play with that. And so even if there are five degrees of freedom, there's only so much we can do at that point. But it is and how did you and then basically, how we optimize it is all tied to the partner telling us how they want to do to do it. So that's only so much we also have visibility on. But it's but it's what we do now is what the XPU model is. She optimization translating to performance but also power. That's very important how they play. It's not just cost. The power come translates into total cost of ownership. Eventually. It's it's how design it in power and how we balance it in terms of the size of the cluster and whether they use it for training. No. Pretraining? Post training? Inference you know, time test time scaling, all of them have their own characteristics. And that's the advantage of doing that XPU and working closely with them to create that stuff. Now as far as your question on China and all that, frankly, I don't have any opinion on that at all. To us, it's a technical game.
CJ Muse: Thank you very much.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: Hey. Thanks so much for the question. And this one's maybe for Hock and for Kirsten. I'd love to know just because you have kind of the complete connectivity portfolio, how you see new greenfield scale-up opportunities playing out here between you know, could be optical or copper or really anything and what additives this could be for your company. And then, Kirsten, I think, OpEx is up. Maybe just talk about where those OpEx dollars are going towards within the AI opportunity and whether they relate. Thanks so much.
Hock Tan: Your question is very broad-reaching. In our portfolio. Yeah. We deploy we have the advantage as a and a lot of the customer hyperscalers they're talking about a lot of expansion. But it's all almost all greenfield. You know, bless soul brownfield. It's very greenfield. It's all expansion. And it all tends to be next generation. That we're doing. Which is very exciting. So the opportunity is very, very high. And we deploy I mean, we are both we can do it in copper, but what we see a lot of opportunity from is when you connect provide the networking connectivity through optical. But there are a lot of active elements including either, you know, multimode lasers which are called VCSELs or intervening lasers. For basically single mode. And we do both. So there's a lot of opportunity just as in scale scale-up versus scale-up. We used to do we still do a lot of other protocols beyond Ethernet to consider PCI Express where we on the leading edge of that PCI Express. And that architecture on networking, switching, so to speak, we offered both. One is a very intelligent switch which is, like, our Jericho family. We've a Dominic or a very smart NIC, we've got down switch, which is a Tomahawk. We offer both architectures as well. So, yeah, we have a lot of opportunities from it. All things said and done, all this nice white portfolio and all that, adds up to probably, as I said in prior quarters, about 20% of our total AI revenue maybe going to 30%. Though last quarter, we hit almost 40%, but that's not the norm. I would say typically, all those other portfolio products still end up to a nice decent amount of revenue for us, but within the sphere of AI, they add up to I would say on average, be close to 30%. And XPUs, the accelerators, is 70%. If that's what you're driving at, perhaps that give you some shed some light on towards where, how one matters over the other. But we have a wide range of products connectivity, networking side of it. They just add up though to that 30%.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks so much, Hock.
Kirsten Spears: And then on the R&D front, as I outlined at a consolidated basis, we spent $1.4 billion in R&D in Q1, and IT stated that it would be going up in Q2. Hock clearly outlined in his script the two areas where we're focusing on. Now I would tell you the company we focus on R&D across all of our product lines so that we can stay competitive with next-generation product offerings, but he did line out that we are focusing on taping out the industry's first two-nanometer AIXPU package in 3D. That was one in the script, and that's an area that we're focusing on. And then he mentioned that we've doubled the radix capacity of existing Tomahawk 5. To enable our AI customers to scale up on Ethernet. Towards the one million XPUs. I mean, that's a huge focus of the company.
Christopher Rolland: Yep. Thank you very much, Kirsten.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: Yeah. Hi. Thanks. Thanks. Just a question on the networking side. Just wondering how much does up sequentially on the AI side? And any thoughts around M&A going forward? Still a lot of headlines around the include products, Blue Care, so thanks.
Hock Tan: On the networking side, as indicated, Q1 showed a bit of a surge. But I don't expect that to be that mix of sixty-forty-sixty is compute and forty percent networking to be something that is normal? I think the norm is closer to seventy, thirty, maybe. At best, thirty percent. And so who knows what Q2 is? We cannot see Q2 as continuing but that's just, at my mind, a temporary flip. The norm will be seventy thirty. If you take it across, a period of time, like six months, a year, that's your question. M&A, no. I'm too busy we're too busy doing AI and VMware at this point. We're not thinking of it. At this point.
Vijay Rakesh: Thanks, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for our question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Gu for any closing remarks.
Gu: Thank you, Sherry. Broadcom currently plans to report its earnings for the second quarter of fiscal year 2025 after close of market on Thursday, June 5th, 2025. A public webcast of Broadcom's earnings conference call will follow at 2 PM Pacific. That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Sherry, you may end the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. This concludes today's program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-12-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom Inc. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 Financial Results Conference call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Head of Investor Relations of Broadcom, Inc.
Ji Yoo : Thank you, Cherie, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on today's call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; and Charlie Kawwas, President Semiconductor Solutions Group. Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables after the market closed describing our financial performance for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investor section of Broadcom's website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and then audio replay of the conference call can be accessed for one year through the investor section of Broadcom's website. During the prepared comments, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024 results, guidance for our first quarter of fiscal year 2025, as well as commentary regarding the business environment. We'll take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. I will now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan : Thank you, Ji. And thank you everyone for joining us today. Well, this has been a transformative year for Broadcom. Our fiscal year 2024 consolidated revenue grew 44% year-over-year to a record $51.6 billion. Now, excluding VMware, our revenue grew over 9% organically. So fiscal 2024 operating profit, excluding transition costs grew 42% year-over-year. And we returned a record $22 billion in cash to our shareholders, up 45% year-on-year through dividends, buyback and eliminations. There were two significant drivers of this transformation this year. First, we closed the acquisition of VMware in the early weeks of fiscal 2024 and have focused VMware on its technology leadership in data center virtualization. The integration of VMware is largely complete. Revenue is on a growth trajectory and operating margin reached 70% exiting 2024. We are well on the path to delivering incremental adjusted EBITDA at a level that significantly exceeds the $8.5 billion we communicated when we announced the deal. We are planning to achieve this much earlier than our initial target of three years. The second driver in 2024 was AI. Our AI revenue, which came from strength in custom AI accelerators or XPUs and networking, grew 220% from $3.8 billion in fiscal 2023 to $12.2 billion in fiscal 2024 and represented 41% of our semiconductor revenue. This drove semiconductor revenue up to a record $30.1 billion during the year. Okay, now let's move on to the fourth quarter and give you more color. Consolidated net revenue of $14.1 billion was up 51% year-on-year, excluding VMware. Organic growth was 11%, and operating profit of $8.8 billion was up 53% year-on-year. For the details on infrastructure software in Q4, this infrastructure software segment revenue was $5.8 billion, up 196% year-on-year, flat sequentially, even as multiple deals slip over into Q1. In VMware, we booked $21 million total CPU costs in a quarter versus $19 million a quarter ago. Of these, about 70% represented VMware Cloud Foundation or VCF, the full software stack virtualizing the entire data center. And this translated into Annualized Booking Value, or ABV as we call it, of $2.7 billion for VMware in Q4 up from 2.5 billion in Q3. Since closing the acquisition just over a year ago, we've signed up over 4,500 of our largest 10,000 customers for VCF. VCF enabled customers to deploy private cloud environments on-prem, as an alternative to running their applications in the public cloud. And in doing all this, we continued to drive down spending in VMware. We brought spending down to $1.2 billion in Q4, down from $1.3 billion in Q3. By reference, VMware spending was averaging over $2.4 billion per quarter prior to the acquisition with operating margin less than 30%. Moving on to Q1 outlook for infrastructure software, we expect Q1 revenue to grow to $6.5 billion, up 11% sequentially and 41% up year-on-year. For VMware, ABV is expected to exceed $3 billion compared to $2.7 billion in the preceding quarter. Turning to semiconductors, let me give you more details by end markets. Networking Q4 revenue of $4.5 billion grew 45% year-on-year. AI networking revenue, which represented 76% of networking, grew 158% year-on-year. This was driven by a doubling of our AI XPU shipments to our three hyperscale customers and 4 times growth in AI connectivity revenue driven by our Tomahawk and Jericho shipments globally. In Q1, We expect the momentum in AI connectivity to be as strong as more hyperscalers deploy Jericho3-AI in their fabrics. Our next generation XPUs are in 3 nanometers and will be the first of its kind to market in that process node. We are on track for volume shipment at our hyperscale customers in the second half of fiscal 2025. Turning on to server storage. From its bottom six months ago, Q4 server storage connectivity revenue has recovered some 20% to $992 million. And in Q4, we expect server storage revenue to continue to grow. Turning to wireless, as we expected, seasonal launch by our North American customer drove Q4 wireless revenue to $2.2 billion, up 30% sequentially. This was up 7% year-on-year because of higher content. We continue to be very engaged with this customer in multi-year roadmaps across various technologies we have leadership in, including RF, WiFi, Bluetooth, sensing, and touch. In Q1, reflecting seasonality, we expect wireless to be down sequentially, but still be flat year-on-year. In Q4, Broadband reached bottom at $465 million, down 51% year-on-year. We have seen significant orders across multiple service providers during this quarter. And reflecting this trend, we now expect broadband to show recovery beginning in Q1. Finally, on to industrial, which only represents 1% of the total revenues. Measure on resales, Q4 industrial resales of $173 million declined 27% year-on-year. We only expect a recovery in the second half 2025. Before I sum up and provide you Q1 fiscal 2025 guidance. Let me outline a longer-term perspective on how we see our semiconductor business evolving over the next three years. On the broad portfolio of non-AI semiconductors with its multiple end-markets, we saw a cyclical bottom in fiscal 2024 at $17.8 billion. We expect a recovery from this level at the industry's historical growth rate of mid-single digits. In sharp contrast, we see our opportunity over the next three years in AI as massive. Specific hyperscalers have begun their respective journeys to develop their own custom AI accelerators or XPUs, as well as network these XPUs with open and scalable Ethernet connectivity. For each of them, this represents a multi-year, not a quarter-to-quarter journey. As you know, we currently have three hyper-scale customers who have developed their own multi-generational AI XPU roadmap to be deployed at varying rates over the next three years. In 2027, we believe each of them plans to deploy 1 million XPU clusters across a single fabric. We expect this to represent an AI revenue Serviceable Addressable Market, or SAM, for XPUs and network in the range of $60 billion to $90 billion in fiscal 2027 alone. We are very well positioned to achieve a leading market share in this opportunity and expect this will drive a strong ramp from our 2024 AI revenue base of $12.2 billion. Keep in mind though, this will not be a linear ramp. We'll show quarterly variability. To compound this, we have been selected by two additional hyperscalers and are in advanced development for their own next generation AI XPUs. We have line of sight to develop these prospects into revenue generating customers before 2027 and could therefore expand the SAM significantly. So the reality going forward for this company is that the AI semiconductor business will rapidly outgrow the non-AI semiconductor business. Recognizing this, we will now shift to guiding our semiconductor business by AI and non-AI revenue segments. So summarizing Q4. Semiconductor revenue of $8.2 billion grew 12% year-on-year and 13% sequentially. Q4 AI revenue grew a strong 150% year-on-year to $3.7 billion. Non-AI semiconductor revenue declined by 23% year-on-year to $4.5 billion, but still a 10% recovery from the bottom of six months ago. Now moving on to our outlook for Q1. We expect semiconductor revenue to grow approximately 10% year-on-year to $8.1 billion. AI demand remained strong and we expect AI revenue to grow 65% year-on-year to $3.8 billion. We expect non-AI semiconductor revenue to be down about mid-teens percent year-on-year. And so in total, summing this all up, we're guiding consolidated Q1 revenue to be approximately $14.6 billion, up 22% year-on-year, and we expect this will drive Q1 adjusted EBITDA to approximately 66% of revenue. With that, let me turn this call over to Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our Q4 financial performance. Consolidated revenue was $14.1 billion for the quarter, up 51% from a year ago. Excluding the contribution from VMware and -- Q4 revenue increased 11% year-on-year. Gross margins were 76.9% of revenue in the quarter, up 260 basis points from the year ago quarter. R&D was $1.4 billion, and consolidated operating expenses were $2 billion, up year-on-year primarily due to the acquisition and consolidation of VMware. Q4 operating income was $8.8 billion and was up 53% from a year ago, with operating margin at 63% of revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $9.1 billion or 65% of revenue. This figure excludes $156 million of depreciation. Now a review of the P&L for our two segments, starting with semiconductors. Revenue for our Semiconductor Solutions segment was $8.2 billion and represented 59% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 12% year-on-year. Gross margins for our Semiconductor Solutions segment were approximately 67%, down 220 basis points year-on-year, driven primarily by a higher mix of AI XPUs. Operating expenses increased 11% year-on-year to $914 million on increased investment in R&D, resulting in semiconductor operating margins of 56%. The -- now moving on to infrastructure software. Revenue for infrastructure software was $5.8 billion, up 196% year-on-year primarily due to the contribution of VMware and represented 41% of revenue. Gross margins for infrastructure software were 91% in the quarter and operating expenses were $1.1 billion in the quarter, resulting in infrastructure software operating margin of 72%. Excluding transition costs, operating margin was 73%. Moving on to cash flow. Free cash flow in the quarter was $5.5 billion and represented 39% of revenues. Excluding cash used for restructuring and integration of $506 million, free cash flows of $6 billion were up 22% year-on-year and represented 43% of revenue. Free cash flow as a percentage of revenue has declined from the same quarter a year ago, due to higher cash interest expense from debt related to the VMware acquisition, higher cash taxes due to a higher mix of U.S. taxable income, the continued delay in the reenactment of Section 174 and -- and recent proposed regulations on corporate AMT. We spent $122 million on capital expenditures. Days sales outstanding were 29 days in the fourth quarter compared to 31 days a year ago. We ended the fourth quarter with inventory of $1.8 billion, down 7% sequentially. We continue to remain disciplined on how we manage inventory across the ecosystem. We ended the fourth quarter with $9.3 billion of cash and $69.8 billion of gross principal debt. During the quarter, we replaced $5 billion of floating rate debt with new senior notes. We use cash on hand to pay a mix of senior notes, which came due in Q4 and additional floating rate debt, reducing debt by $2.5 billion. Following these actions, the weighted average coupon rate and years to maturity of our $56 billion in fixed rate debt is 3.7% and 7.6 years, respectively. The weighted average coupon rate and years to maturity of our $14 billion in floating rate debt is 5.9% and 3.2 years, respectively. We expect to repay approximately $495 million of fixed rate senior notes coming due in Q1. Now let me recap our financial performance for fiscal year 2024. Our revenue hit a record $51.6 billion, growing 44% year-on-year, including VMware, and 9% organically, excluding VMware. Semiconductor revenue was $30.1 billion, up 7% year-over-year. Infrastructure software revenue was $21.5 billion up 181% year-on-year and up 90% year-on-year, excluding VMware. Fiscal 2024 adjusted EBITDA was $31.9 billion and represented 62% of revenue. Free cash flow grew 10% year-on-year to $19.4 billion and up 22% year-on-year to $21.9 billion, excluding restructuring and integration costs. Turning to capital allocation. For fiscal 2024, we spent $22.2 billion, consisting of $9.8 billion in the form of cash dividends and $12.4 billion in share repurchases and eliminations. Aligned with our ability to generate increased cash flows in the preceding year and off of a larger share count base from the acquisition of VMware, we are announcing an increase in our quarterly common stock cash dividend in Q1 fiscal 2025 to $0.59 per share on a split-adjusted basis, an increase of 11% from the prior quarter. We intend to maintain this target quarterly dividend throughout fiscal '25, subject to quarterly board approval. This implies that our fiscal 2025 annual common stock dividend to be a record $2.36 per share on a split-adjusted basis, an increase of 12% year-on-year. I would like to highlight that this represents the 14th consecutive increase in annual dividends, since we initiated dividends in fiscal 2011. Now moving on to guidance. From a year-on-year comparable basis, keep in mind that Q1 of fiscal '24 was a 14-week quarter and Q1 of fiscal '25 is a 13-week quarter. As we are now past one year following the close of the VMware acquisition starting in Q1 of fiscal 2025, we will no longer break out VMware revenue and costs on a stand-alone basis. We will continue to report infrastructure software segment revenue and profitability which includes Brocade Fibre Channel SAN, CA Mainframe Enterprise Security and VMware. Our guidance for Q1 is for consolidated revenue of $14.6 billion, with semiconductor revenue of $8.1 billion, up approximately 10% year-on-year and infrastructure software revenue of $6.5 billion, up 41% year-on-year. We expect Q1 adjusted EBITDA to be a record 66% and Q1 non-GAAP diluted share count to be approximately 4.9 billion shares. For modeling purposes, we expect Q1 consolidated gross margins to be up 100 basis points sequentially on the higher revenue mix of infrastructure software and product mix within semiconductors. Note that consolidated gross margins through the year will be impacted by the revenue mix of infrastructure software and semiconductors and product mix within semiconductors. We expect the non-GAAP tax rate in fiscal year 2025 to be approximately 14.5% as tax deductions related to interest expense are reduced, as we pay down and refinance debt under more favorable interest terms. GAAP net income and cash flows in Q1 will be impacted by higher taxes, restructuring and integration-related cash costs due to the VMware acquisition. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from the line of Blayne Curtis with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Hi, thanks so much for taking my question. It's kind of a clarification question. I thought I heard you say that AI networking revenue was 76% of networking. I just couldn't get that math right, but maybe the broader question is you've seen growth off that low point in April in AI. Can you just talk about ASIC strength versus networking, the trends you're seeing in kind of October into January?
Hock Tan: Well, that's a very interesting question. Both were growing, not at the same rate, but we've been shipping, I believe a lot more of network AI connectivity, networking components in the back half of this year, compared to the first half of this fiscal year. And we suspect a lot of that will continue in the first half of next fiscal year before more XPUs, as I indicated, more of the new generation of 3-nanometer XPUs will start ramping very much in the back half of '25.
Blayne Curtis: Very clear. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of CJ Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
CJ Muse: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess, Hock I wanted to hit on the $60 billion to $90 billion revenue range for fiscal '27 for AI. I was hoping you could speak to the mix you see there between XPU and networking. And within that construct, are you including all kind of the customers that you see out there in hyperscale and vertically integrated consumers? Or any sort of help in terms of what you're including in that potential mix would be very helpful. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Thank you. Well, thanks for the question. Give me an opportunity here to clarify and be very specific. First, on the total dollars, [Indiscernible] revenue, by the way, is the revenue opportunity for us is what I call Serviceable Addressable Market, as we all term SAM. Not TAM, SAM, and is Serviceable Addressable Market for three of our hyperscale customers. That's it. It's a very narrow Serviceable Addressable Market we're talking about. And we're talking about XPUs and AI connectivity at that scale, AI connectivity could probably  we estimate to run approximately close to 15% to 20% of the dollar content.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could talk to the XPU market. How are your customers sort of reacting to some of the rack scale products from your -- the merchant competitor from NVIDIA, how do they sort of get the connectivity to multiple XPUs inside the rack, just how does that present a competitive dynamic for you? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Well, everybody is trying to figure out when you start -- when you connect a cluster on a single fabric of 10,000 XPUs or GPU, a GPU and scale it up to 100,000 and on to 500,000 and 1 million is a whole new game in terms of architecture. And so you guys hear the differences of when you do these racks, you have what you call scale up. And then you have joining rack to rack because you have no choice, you cant get to 1 million or for that matter 100,000 otherwise, you call it scale out. And that's a continuing, evolving architecture. But I think each of these hyperscale customers of ours have, at this point kind of figured out how to get there. Hence, a road map that will keep growing from 100,000 to 1 million XPU cluster. On pretty much, similar architecture basis over the next three years, four years.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Hock, I know the team has been putting out an AI guide for fiscal '25. And I appreciate the multi-year sort of SAM opportunity outlook. But for this year, can we look at what your customers on the networking and custom accelerators are thinking about from a data center CapEx spending perspective? So for example, our latest roll up is that the top four cloud and hyperscalers are going to grow their CapEx, 35%, 40% in fiscal '25. I would expect that your AI business would sort of closely mirror this trend, maybe even think about it as a base case when we think about Ethernet taking share from InfiniBand, ASICs growing faster than merchant GPUs, maybe the profile of your AI business can go even faster than the CapEx trend, either way, plus or minus, is that how we should think about the growth in the AI business roughly in-line with CapEx growth trends of your large cloud and hyperscale customers?
Hock Tan: Harlan. No, it doesn't. I mean, I think the hyperscalers tend to give you an overall CapEx numbers. I'm not sure they really break out between what's AI and what's non-AI out there. And clearly, the spend in AI outstrips the spend in non-AI even on the CapEx. And so no, I won't necessarily stop at that.
Harlan Sur: Okay. Thank you Hock.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I have a more tactical question. So you have software pushouts into Q1, which is elevating it. Should we think about that -- those pushouts are rolling off as we get into Q2 and the back half of the year? And like what are the implications on the shape of software for the year as well as gross margins? Because I guess maybe in the back half, you'll have like software a little weaker versus Q2 as well as the XPU stronger. So should we be thinking about the gross margin trajectory of the current elevated base kind of like easing as we get in the back half. So just anything you can tell us around the shape of the software around the pushouts and implications for revenues and gross margins.
Hock Tan: Well, number one, it's a slip. And I think you're overthinking this whole project. It's just a slip, pick it up, and you see the differences between Q4 growth and Q1 reacceleration. That's all it is. One --.
Stacy Rasgon: Should Q2 be lower because you had push out into Q1 is what I'm asking.
Hock Tan: No, it doesn't. Not Q2. No. I don't -- it won't have a material impact on the rest of the fiscal '25.
Stacy Rasgon: Do you think software can kind of hold at these levels or even grow off of these like $6.5 billion levels as we go through the year?
Hock Tan: I'm not giving guidance. I might remind you for the rest of the year. I'm just giving you a guidance for Q1. but I'm just telling you your analysis is kind of defective.
Stacy Rasgon: I've been told that before. Okay, thank you Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. and that will come from Benjamin Reitzes with Melius. Your line is open.
Ben Reitzes: Hi, thanks a lot. And nice quarter there, Hock. I wanted to ask you about the $60 billion to $90 billion with a little more clarity. Previously, you've talked about a cumulative TAM from your customers. So -- and that -- is this a run rate TAM or a cumulative TAM? Kind of meaning do we take the $12.2 million, then add some growth for the next two years and then think of it that way? Or do we think of we take a share of like a $75 billion TAM and what your revenue yield is? And then I just also was hoping you could clarify, you're not including those two new customers. Do those two customers have the same $20 billion to $30 billion TAM each that the current three do? Or do you think they're smaller or bigger? Sorry about the multipart question there.
Hock Tan: No. I think you asked -- the first part was very similar to an earlier question, but I'd be pleased to clarify. No, the $60 billion to $90 billion, it is not -- we are not talking cumulative SAM or TAM anymore. We are putting for you a destination, so to speak, a milestone which happens to be three years hence, 2027, possibly slip a bit part of '28, but 2027. We are seeing a destination 2027 or milestone, better one, where the deployment of those large-scale AI clusters each on single fabric pretty much to run those large LLM models, will come to $60 billion to $90 billion in that one-year period and collectively, all three of them. And to answer the second part too. Possibly, yes, at least one of them, we believe, yes. But you know what I don't want you adding one plus one equals two here. Those are not validated in our view and our model as customers. So, please don't do your addition to the $60 million to $90 million SAM that I have postulated in my remarks.
Ben Reitzes: Thank you so much.
Operator: One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, thanks for letting me ask a question. I want to talk about the cash return side of things, a great job on the dividend increase. The other 50%, is fiscal '25 a year where you're going to still be paying down debt? Share repurchases in the mix? Or Hock, you mentioned that VMware, the integration is largely now behind you? Usually that puts you on the prowl looking for deals. Is that something we should, in general, think about or the regulatory issues that are still a concern? Just trying to figure out what that other 50% is going to go towards this year.
Hock Tan: Well -- to start with, yes, the other 50% of cash that is -- will be generated that will not use -- that is beyond dividends, we only one use or two uses for it, weve always say, one is [Indiscernible] balance sheet for the opportunity to buy someone else. But in reality, we're buying big enough companies you almost say that 50% cash is sitting there, it's not adequate. So the likely use of that 50% cash is, as Kirsten indicated in her prepared remarks, pay down debt. We do intend to use part of that 50% free cash flow that's not used for dividends to go delever ourselves, given the size of the debt we are taking on -- or we have taken on since we acquired VMware.
Kirsten Spears: Yes, Ross, it's Kirsten. We want to focus on reducing interest expense. So we'll go after those term loans. So yes, the focus will be on paying down debt.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Hock back to AI. What do you think is the SAM in 2024, so we can get a baseline view of what your $12.2 billion in sales represent and is your assumption that you maintain the share, right? You grow it? Or what happens to that share over time? And then sort of related question to that is what happens to your semiconductor gross margins if AI grows, right to such an extent? Because you gave us a mid-single digit for non-AI and I'm wondering if AI gets to be such a big part of semis, what happens to gross margin. So both kind of the baseline of what SAM was this year and what happens to your share and margins over time?
Hock Tan: Okay. That's a very insightful question on the first one, which -- on the first one, anyway, where we are saying what is the baseline on the $60 billion to $90 billion in three years' time, where we are specifying down to these three customers of ours. And I would estimate this 2024 for that to be about less than $20 billion -- $15 billion to $20 billion at this point, in 2024, $15 billion to $20 billion going to $60 billion to $90 billion right? And in terms of margins, well don't get too hung up about gross margin, please, Vivek, because you're not wrong -- gross margin in semiconductors will dilute you arent saying that. But see, the game here is the revenue will leverage so much on the spending we have to do to generate it that the operating margin will improve from where we are today.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hi. First of all, guys, huge congratulations on successfully integrating VMware so much ahead of your time frame. And Hock, I had a two part question. Is there a simple dollar metric that we can think of for network attached to XPUs, for example, is $1 of networking to $1 of XPUs. And then for my question, in one of your posts, you talked about sovereign data centers and VMware. I guess my question is, is there a play for Broadcom outside of the software piece? In other words, are you noticing that sovereign guys are wanting to use XPUs or are they strictly sticking to merchant silicon?
Hock Tan: Let me answer your question backwards, the easiest one first. Sovereign guys are like most -- most of the -- it's pretty much like enterprise market. which is simply merchant. Sovereign guys do not have the capability necessarily to create first the hardware, but more importantly, the software stack to enable transistors in hardware to translate itself into high-level language which then the LLM, AP application -- large language models, and AI applications can operate on. So don't stick to what's available, which is merchant silicon and available ecosystem of software -- software layers that allow that translation. So it will be done very much that way on XPUs. And on your first question of what's the ratio between AI connectivity, networking that is you're saying to XPUs to compute. Well, it's a changing number as the cluster expense. Though there are some ratios to be looked at. And the simple ratio to look at is there is scale up and there is scale's out. And as we expand into a single fabric cluster of XPUs or GPU that grows bigger and bigger. Guess what is more important. Scale up becomes more and more important. And the ratio we are talking about as we move up increases almost exponentially, which is why I'm saying from probably networking, as a percent of AI content in silicon today of between 5% to 10%, you're going up to 15% to 20% by the time you hit 500,000 to 1 million XPU GPU clusters.
Harsh Kumar: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you so much for taking the question. The $60 billion to $90 billion SAM forecast for fiscal '27, Hock, I'm curious if you guys have a view on the TAM. So just want to know how big the SAM is as a percentage of the total opportunity set? And then my main question is you talked about going for leading market share within your SAM, which makes sense. I assume you're not assuming 100% share. So, the value of that $60 billion to $90 billion that you won't be capturing, is that a function of some of your hyperscale customers wanting to capture value internally? Or is that always having a backup or a second source? Is there a low-margin business that you just simply won't pursue? How should we think about the part of the $60 billion to $90 billion that you won't be going after or won't be capturing? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Okay. First, to answer the bigger overarching question. I don't know the TAM. I don't make any part -- I don't think too far and hard about them. We don't think in macro approaches, we're looking at line of sight here. So I got customers, I try to figure out how much volume the -- where the road map of the customer is, not just product, technology, but what they are building up, what is their consumption pattern like, that's how we create our SAM. Actually, in a way, bottoms up, then top down. So I have no idea what the TAM is beyond customers we are serving closely, collaborating closely. So let's make it clear. In terms of market share, I don't know. But as you all can see, it's a very large, substantial market opportunity. There's room for many players. All we are going to do is gain our fair share. We're just very well positioned today having the best technology, very relevant in this space. We have, by far, one of the best technology -- combination technology out there to do XPUs and to connect those XPUs. The silicon technology that enables it, we have it here in Broadcom by the boatloads, which is why we are very well positioned with these three customers of ours. So we -- based on that, we are -- and based on the depth of our engagement today, this didn't just start. This has been going on now for a while in terms of deep engagement with engineering teams from the other side -- each of the other side, we are very-well positioned, well underway to creating a multiyear road map for -- to enable these few customers of ours to get to when their ambition leads them to be in. And it's because of the great technology we have, where we are actually enabling in the areas we're very good at. We're talking about silicon design, packaging design and optical technology.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I want to add my congrats to all the great results this year and for the quarter and outlook. But Hock, this is sort of a stunning turn of events in the last year with what we've been accustomed to thinking of as a sort of mature, slow growth business at its core with all the M&A tacked on to it. And I wonder with the sudden acceleration of the organic business, given your exposure to these capabilities in ASICs to bring AI technologies to customers, does that change your interest level in M&A? And does it change your focus area of potential M&A going forward? Thank you.
Hock Tan: No, it doesn't. We are open -- still open, always open because that's been a core part of our strategy, business model of this company for the last 10 years, which is we're always interested in adding to our portfolio, very good franchise assets, be they in semiconductors or be they in infrastructure software. As long as they always say, they meet the criteria, the fairly demanding criteria we look for, we would always be open to acquiring these assets and adding into our portfolio. So no, it hasn't changed our thinking at all.
William Stein: Great. Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: Hi, Hock. Great results here. Just a question back on the AI custom silicon side. I guess it looks like of the $17.5 billion TAM here -- SAM here, you have about 70% share. So assuming that 70% looking out to '27, your custom silicon AI revenue should be like $50 billion in fiscal '27. So -- do we have a good line of sight into fiscal '26, showing a pretty nice ramp to hit those numbers, maybe with our [Indiscernible] that to do the 1 million XPUs, how do you see that? Thank you.
Hock Tan: I don't have -- we don't have really a good enough line of sign to want to share it with you, nor for that matter, do we have a policy of giving you guidance beyond what we're doing one quarter a year, but we do want to give you a sense of where this journey is headed. We want to give you a sense of where this could lead us this company in terms of its AI -- semiconductor AI revenue trajectory. Given that we now made it very open official almost that we're going forward only are guiding AI revenue versus non-AI revenue, we forget -- at least give you a sense of what the AI trajectory is. On a non-AI you have known it with us for a long time. It's mature, stable, evolving, growing mid-single-digit GDP plus. AI will never give you that. So that's why we take the step now unprecedented in some ways of laying that road map in terms of potential market for AI. Now only market we have is the customers we have and the end-markets we serve. So we create this SAM and the clarity we see is, to some extent in 2027. How that journey progresses with each of our [technical difficulty] customers is somewhat variable. It's the rate of the adoption and of their own XPUs and will be very much a part of that journey. But because of that, we expect to see a situation where there could be quarter-to-quarter variability, given the only three customers, and the fact that deployment comes in big chunks, typically. So my best answer to you is I can't give you any clarity beyond what I've given so far.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And the other 2 CSPs, when do you see them ramping?
Hock Tan: Well, first of all, I got to get into production, they got to get into production. So why do we cross that bridge when we get to it. We are working very hard with them to get it production stage. We're pretty deeply engaged with tape-out chips. And -- but they've got to get their software ready, they got to get it tested and they got to get going on it. So now I'm not sure  but definitely over the next three years.
Operator: And thank you. That is all the time we have for our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Ji Yoo, Head of Investor Relations for closing remarks.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, Sheri. Broadcom currently plans to report its earnings for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 after close of market on Thursday, March 6, 2024. A public webcast of Broadcom's earnings conference call will follow at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time. That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Operator, you may end the call.
Operator: This concludes today's program. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-09-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc.'s Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Head of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on today's call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; and Charlie Kawwas, President, Semiconductor Solutions Group. Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables after the market closed describing our financial performance for the third quarter of fiscal year 2024. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and an audio replay of the call can be accessed for one year through the Investors section of Broadcom's website. During the prepared comments, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our third quarter fiscal year 2024 results, guidance for our fourth quarter fiscal year 2024, as well as commentary regarding the business environment. We'll take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. I will now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ji, and thank you, everyone for joining us today. In our fiscal Q3 2024, consolidated net revenue of $13.1 billion was up 47% year-on-year, and operating profit was up 44% year-on-year. These strong results reflected three key factors: one, AI revenue continues to grow and grow strongly; two, VMware bookings continue to accelerate; and three, non-AI semiconductor revenue has stabilized. Before I give you more color on our two reporting segments, let me give you a quick update on guidance. Now we started the year providing annual guidance with quarterly updates as we run the process of integrating VMware. Things are now much more stable and we are in the first -- sorry, and we're in the final quarter of 2024. So instead of giving you annual guidance, we now revert to providing the quarterly guidance for Q4. Starting with software. In Q3, infrastructure software segment revenue of $5.8 billion was up 200% year-on-year driven by $3.8 billion in revenue contribution from VMware. The transformation of the business model of VMware continues to progress very well. In fact, last week, we held a well-attended VMware Explore Conference in Las Vegas, our first as a combined company. This event was all about promoting VMware Cloud Foundation, or VCF, which is the full software stack that virtualizes an entire data center and creates a private cloud environment on-prem for enterprises. The success of this strategy is reflected in our performance in fiscal Q3. We booked more than 15 million CPU costs of VCF, representing over 80% of the total VMware products we booked during the quarter. And this translates into an annualized booking value, or ABV as I had described before, of $2.5 billion during Q3, up 32% from the preceding quarter. Meanwhile, we continue to drive down costs in VMware. We brought VMware spending down to $1.3 million in Q3 from $1.6 million in Q2. And when we acquired VMware, our target was to deliver adjusted EBITDA of $8.5 billion within three years of the acquisition. We are well on the path to achieving or even exceeding this EBITDA goal in the next fiscal '25. Now turning to semiconductors. In networking, Q3 revenue of $4 billion grew 43% year-on-year, representing 55% of semiconductor revenue. This was again driven by strong demand from hyperscalers for both AI networking and on custom AI accelerators. As you know, our hyperscale customers continue to scale up and scale out their AI clusters. Custom AI accelerators grew 3.5 times year-on-year. In the fabric, Ethernet switching, driven by Tomahawk 5 and Jericho3-AI grew over 4 times year-on-year, while our optical lasers and PIN diodes used in optical interconnects grew three-fold. Meanwhile, PCI Express switches more than doubled, and we're shipping in volume our industry-leading 5 nanometer, 400 gigabit per second NICs and 800 gigabit per second DSPs. So now let me give you more color on our networking products, which are not used in AI. As we had indicated last quarter, we believe we did bottom in Q2. And in Q3, non-AI networking was up actually 17% sequentially, even as it was down 41% year-on-year. We expect this level of revenue to sustain in Q4 and the year-on-year decline to moderate to 30%. So in adding the strength, we continue to see in AI, we expect total networking revenue to grow over 40% year-on-year in Q4. Across enterprise infrastructure, we see the same trend of recovery in server storage. Our Q3 server storage connectivity revenue was $861 million, up 5% sequentially and down 25% year-on-year. In Q4, we expect server storage revenue to grow mid to high-single digit percent sequentially, even as revenue is expected to be down high-single digit percent year-on-year. Moving on to wireless. Q3 wireless revenue of $1.7 billion grew 1% year-on-year, representing 23% of semiconductor revenue. And in Q4, reflecting the launch of next-generation devices and our North American customers, we expect wireless revenue to actually grow over 20% sequentially even as it will be relatively flat year-on-year. On to broadband, Q3 revenue declined 49% year-on-year to $557 million, represented 8% of semiconductor revenue. Broadband remains weak on a continued pause in telco and service provider spending. And in Q4, we expect broadband to continue to be down over 40% year-on-year, but we do expect that recovery to begin in '25. Finally, Q3 industrial resales of $164 million declined 31% year-on-year. We believe we are approaching bottom in Q3 as Q4 resales are expected to recover sequentially. Year-on-year, Q4 industrial resales will still be down approximately 20%. In summary, here are the trends we are seeing in semiconductors. In aggregate, we have reached bottom in our non-AI markets and we're expecting a recovery in Q4. AI demand remains strong and we expect, in Q4, AI revenue to grow sequentially 10% to over $3.5 billion. This will translate to AI revenue of $12 billion for fiscal '24, up from our prior guidance of over $11 billion. Putting it all together with software, here's our forecast for Q4. We expect Q4 semiconductor revenue of approximately $8 billion, up 9% year-on-year. For infrastructure software, we expect revenue to be about $6 billion. So we are guiding Q4 consolidated revenue to be approximately $14 billion, which is up 51% year-on-year. We also expect this will drive Q4 consolidated adjusted EBITDA to approximate -- to achieve approximately 64% of revenue. This Q4 guidance would imply we are raising the outlook for our fiscal 2024 revenue to $51.5 billion and adjusted EBITDA for the year to 61.5%. And with that, let me turn the call over to Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our Q3 financial performance. Consolidated revenue was $13.1 billion for the quarter, up 47% from a year ago. Excluding the contribution from VMware, Q3 revenue increased 4% year-on-year. Gross margins were 77.4% of revenue in the quarter. R&D was $1.5 billion and consolidated operating expenses were $2.2 billion, up year-on-year primarily due to the consolidation of VMware. Q3 operating income was $7.9 billion and was up 44% from a year ago, with operating margin at 61% of revenue. Excluding transition costs, operating profit of $8 billion was up 45% from a year ago with operating margin of 62% of revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $8.2 billion or 63% of revenue. This figure excludes $149 million of depreciation. Now a review of the P&L for our two segments, starting with semis. Revenue for our semiconductor solutions segment was $7.3 billion and represented 56% of total revenue in the quarter, this was up 5% year-on-year. Gross margins for our semiconductor solutions segment were approximately 68%, down 270 basis points year-on-year, driven primarily by a higher mix of custom AI accelerators. Operating expenses increased 11% year-on-year to $881 million on increased investment in R&D, resulting in semiconductor operating margins of 56%. Now moving on to infrastructure software. Revenue for infrastructure software was $5.8 billion, up 200% year-on-year primarily due to the contribution of VMware and represented 44% of revenue. Gross margins for infrastructure software were 90% in the quarter, and operating expenses were $1.3 billion in the quarter, resulting in infrastructure software operating margin of 67%. Excluding transition costs, operating margin was 69%. Moving on to cash flow. Free cash flow in the quarter was $4.8 billion and represented 37% of revenues. Excluding cash used for restructuring and integration of $529 million, free cash flows of $5.3 billion were up 14% year-on-year and represented 41% of revenue. Free cash flow as a percentage of revenue has declined from the same quarter a year ago due to higher cash interest expense from debt related to the VMware acquisition and higher cash taxes due to a higher mix of U.S. income and the continued delay in the reenactment of Section 174. We spent $172 million on capital expenditures. Days sales outstanding were 32 days in the quarter, in line with the year ago. We ended the third quarter with inventory of $1.9 billion, up 3% sequentially. Note that we continue to remain disciplined on how we manage inventory across the ecosystem. We ended the third quarter with $10 billion of cash and $72.3 billion of gross principal debt. During the quarter, we replaced $5 billion of floating rate notes with new fixed senior notes. We used the proceeds from the completed sale of VMware's End-User Computing business to KKR, and cash on hand to reduce floating rate debt by an additional $4.2 billion. Following these actions, the weighted average coupon rate and years to maturity of our $53 billion in fixed rate debt is 3.6% and 7.7 years, respectively. The weighted average coupon rate and years to maturity of our $19 billion in floating rate debt is 6.7% and 3.1 years, respectively. We expect to repay approximately $1.9 billion of fixed rate senior notes due in Q4. Turning to capital allocation. In Q3, we paid stockholders $2.5 billion of cash dividends, which based on a split adjusted quarterly common stock count, represented a cash dividend of $0.525 per share. For Q4, we are rounding up the quarterly cash dividend to $0.53 per share. In Q3, the split adjusted non-GAAP diluted share count was 4.92 billion, in line with expectations. We paid $1.4 billion of withholding taxes due on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the elimination of 8.4 million AVGO shares. In Q4, we expect the non-GAAP diluted share count to be approximately 4.91 billion shares. Now on to guidance. Our guidance for Q4 is for consolidated revenue of $14 billion and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 64%. For modeling purposes, we expect consolidated gross margins to be down approximately 100 basis points sequentially on the higher revenue mix of semiconductors and product mix within semiconductors. GAAP net income and cash flows in Q4 are impacted by higher taxes, restructuring, and integration related cash costs due to the VMware acquisition. As Hock just discussed, we are resuming quarterly revenue and adjusted EBITDA guidance for fiscal 2025 as fiscal year '24 has been a transition and integration year following the VMware deal close. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Just a clarification, Hock, and then the question. So I think AI revenue roughly $3.1-ish billion in Q3, flattish sequentially. What was the mix in terms of compute versus networking? And the $3.5 billion for Q4, what do you see of that mix? And then as we get into fiscal '25, I realize you're not guiding overall AI, but just how is your general kind of confidence and visibility? Do you think that Broadcom can kind of grow in line or better than the overall AI silicon industry in fiscal '25?
Hock Tan: Yeah. Well, as we indicated in the last earnings call, for this past quarter, I think we're talking about two-thirds in compute and one-third in networking. And we kind of expect Q4 to run the similar trend. And as far to answer your second part, no, we don't guide  yet for fiscal 25, but we do expect fiscal 25 to continue to be strong, to show strong growth on our AI revenue.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Hock, one of the things that we've picked up from both suppliers and the broader ecosystem in AI, I think we heard this from NVIDIA as well, that there was a shift in their revenue in the quarter, somewhat away from cloud service providers towards enterprise. And I wondered if that might potentially have a slowing effect on your revenue outlook in this end market because your participation is really pretty focused on the cloud customers. I wonder if you're seeing that, if you view it as a challenge or maybe you have a contrary view? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, it's an interesting question in terms of the shift. But see, we do not focus very much on enterprise AI market as you know well. Our products in AI are largely, very much largely focused, especially on the AI accelerator or XPU side, but even -- also just as much on networking side, on hyperscalers, on cloud, those three large platform and some digital natives, what you call, big guys. We dont deal very much on AI with enterprise. So we obviously dont see that trend.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I wanted to pivot over to the software side of things. Hock, it seems like, obviously, the VMware business had a great fiscal third quarter. It seems like the classic Broadcom software fell off. So I guess the two-part question is, what happened in the classic Broadcom side of things to create that volatility? And are we now kind of reaching that $4 billion base in the fourth quarter that you talked about with VMware? And kind of, if so, what are the puts and takes in the growth rate as we look into the future on that business?
Hock Tan: Well, as far as we indicated, the VMware business continues to book very well, as we convert our customers very much in two ways, one, from perpetual to a subscription license, but also those subscription license for the full stack of VCF. And that has been very successful, as I indicated, given the high ratio of VCF subscribers, new subscribers that we have achieved. And we see this trend continuing in Q4 very much so and also very likely through into '25. So in terms of directional trend, other than the indication Im giving you  than the guidance Im giving you in Q4 24, directionally, we continue to see accelerated bookings and by extension, accelerated growth.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I have two short ones, one on each segments. On semis, the non-AI networking is like more than 50% below where it was running before it rolled off. And clearly, the other businesses are also way below their peaks. Is there any reason why those shouldn't -- is this just cyclical or is something else going on? Is there any reason why those shouldn't get back to prior levels once recovery happens? And then on the software side. So the non-VMware pieces looks like it's back to that $2 billion-ish a quarter level or so that it was at before. Is that just Brocade falling off? And is this sort of $2 billion-ish a quarter, is that bottomed as well? Is that the right level we ought to be thinking about the growth for the non-VMware software business as we go forward from here?
Hock Tan: Yeah. On the semi side, the answer is very simple. We have -- as you all know, we've gone through your typical down cycle of semiconductors. And I'm referring particularly to non-AI, and we have talked about that before many times. We've gone through a down cycle. And as the ecosystem as many of our customers, but the broad ecosystems work on an adjustment in inventory levels in all stages in the supply chain. And we're not totally -- we are not immune from it, obviously, as we try to insulate ourselves from it as much as possible. We've gone through it and our -- the signs on the indications we have seen very clearly is we have, in fact, passed through the bottom. The best indicator is the bookings we are receiving. In non-AI, our bookings in Q3 of non-AI semiconductor demand is up 20%. And so also this -- we are well on the way to recovery. Now by end markets, as I indicated, the level of the amount of recovery, the timing of recovery somewhat varies. But we're seeing largely on enterprise, enterprise data center, enterprise IT spending, we've passed the bottom. And we are, in Q3 was, in fact, sequentially, a recovery from the bottom of, we believe Q2 or Q1 this fiscal year. And we'll see Q4 continuing that recovery and obviously, in our view, into '25 in terms of the cycle. Broadband, we are not seeing it yet in terms of the bottom, but we see that as close to bottom in the sense that here again, bookings are up from where it used to be. And so we are very, very clear in our thinking that broadly, we have, as a whole, non-AI semiconductors, we've gone through the down cycle is on an uptick. And like, all previous cycles, my sense, Stacy, is we will get us back to the level we used to be. There's no reason at all why it doesn't and given the rate of bookings, it wont go. I dare say even put a thought in your mind that as AI permeates enterprises all across and digital natives, you need to upgrade servers. You need to upgrade storage. You need to upgrade networking, connectivity across the entire ecosystem. And if anything else, we are headed -- we could be headed for up cycle. Timing precisely when, were not sure. But an up cycle, that could even meet or even surpass what our previous up cycles would be, simply because the amount of bandwidth you need, the amount of compete -- to manage store, manage all these workloads that come out of AI would just put -- need to refresh and upgrade hardware. So thats my $0.02 worth on where were headed from this down cycle. So my belief in 24 was the lowest point for the uptick. As part of the reasons we are stating it very clearly here. On the software side, your question, no, I think we have reached a level of stability that puts and takes Brocade, one of those goes up and down very volatile, and thats largely. But on the non-Vmware revenue, on software revenue, I think weve reached a level of very clear stability. And what we are looking towards more is how Vmware picks up over the next several a year and 1.5 years.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thats helpful. Thank you, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Ben Reitzes with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Ben Reitzes: Hey. Thanks a lot for the question. Hock, I wanted to ask you about semiconductors, your AI revenue. If you could just clarify some of your comments. Was the third quarter $3.1-ish billion in line with your expectations and it was anything weaker than expected? And then with the sequential growth, the 3.5, where are you expecting that to come from? And then, if you don't mind, you said next year AI revenue should grow quite a bit. I was just wondering if that was due to any additional customers, within your hyperscaler and consumer Internet portfolio? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Well, our number in third quarter is pretty much in line what we expect AI revenue to be. And our revenue in Q4 was -- forecast for Q4 is what's giving us the basis to a large extent to step up our guidance for AI revenue for the full year to over $12 billion. So if nothing else, that continues to indicate, I hope to us, that next year the trend will continue to be strong. And again, it's all largely hyperscalers, cloud, and digital natives. And it's again, a mix of AI accelerators and networking. And it's also largely based on backlog we have in place for that. Beyond that -- and it shows the growth. Beyond that, no, we're not guiding you beyond the backlog we have. So I kind of answer your question indirectly on, do I have any more customers? We shall see.
Ben Reitzes: Okay. Thank you, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Karl Ackerman: Yes. Thank you. Curious, I was hoping you could speak to the relocation of IP back to the U.S. that is causing a $4.5 billion tax liability. Historically, Broadcom has redomiciled ahead of a pending transaction, and I'm getting questions from investors, if this action may relate to any asset sales as the company seeks to pay down debt. So if you could clarify that, that would be helpful? Thank you.
Kirsten Spears: Yeah. No, it was just the timing of when we chose to do it this time. And no, it doesn't have anything to do with that. It's just we relocated the IP and that caused the $4 billion charge. The offset to that is a deferred tax liability, so think of that as non-cash, very little cash impact to that.
Karl Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Hock, I wanted to ask about the growth rate in your AI revenue versus what we're seeing on the GPU side. Your AI revenue grew in the same zip code this year is what the GPU compute is growing. And you did say that it would be up next year, but your main customer's ramping a new version of their custom ASIC next year. And there's some thought that they might shift some of their purchasing back to GPUs next year. So do you think that the growth of your AI revenue should still approximately track how much GPU compute is going to grow next year? If you can give us any qualitative or quantitative thoughts there, that would be great. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Tim, I think we had some communication gaps here. Could you repeat the question?
Timothy Arcuri: Yeah. So the question, Hock, really is around the growth rate of your AI revenue versus what we're seeing on the GPU side because this year, you grew about the same as what GPU compute's growing. And the question is, is there anything happening next year that would change that equation so that your growth rate of your AI revenue would be materially different than what GPU compute is growing next year?
Hock Tan: That's a very difficult question for me to answer because it comes in two parts, right? In terms of GPU growth, you should ask the guys who does merchant GPU or GPU which is obviously, NVIDIA and ASD. And I don't see -- I don't play in the enterprise market at all. See, that's part of the market I don't see. Having said that, they do both play somewhat in the hyperscalers, where I'm totally focused on doing. So that's really very -- there's really no connection one with the other, that is indirect. But enough suffice for me to say long term, Im saying actually and thoughtfully long term, the large hyperscalers, few and large hyperscalers with very large platforms, huge consumer platform subscriber base have the entire model predicated on running a lot of large language models, a lot of AI requirements, workloads out there. And it will drive, matter of time, towards creating as much as possible their own compute silicon, their own custom accelerators as a matter of time. And we are in the midst of seeing that transition, which may take several  a few years for that to happen. So that is on a different trajectory, a different path, and Im in that path of doing this, enabling custom accelerators. Im in that that. Im not in a path of, in the meantime, a different trajectory of enabling enterprises to do AI on their own workloads. Thats more the merchant guys. Some of the merchant guys obviously also in the  in the hyperscaler today, but theres a process, obviously, of a transition going on. So one doesnt really connect with the other theme in that regard. But I would likely say obviously, as the transition occurs, we have a good tailwind in the business model we have of providing accelerators and networking to the AI data centers of those large hyperscalers.
Timothy Arcuri: Right, Hock. Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Yeah, Hock. I was curious about the profitability of VMware. Historically, your software businesses have had operating margins greater than 70%. VMware, I know is newer and you're doing things a little different. You're keeping more customers than you historically have kept. But I was curious, if you see a similar profile as the rest of your software businesses for VMware after you're done with all the cuts and everything?
A  Hock Tan: Well, Ill let you draw your own conclusion, Harsh, but I was at pains to lay out as you probably heard. In Q3, our revenue from Vmware was $3.8 billion and our operating expenses is $1.3 billion. And you can pretty quickly figure out where were headed in terms of operating margin and, as I indicated, EBITDA margin. And Q4, well continue the trajectory of revenue continuing to grow and expenses starting -- still dropping even as it starts to stabilize but continue to reduce.
Harsh Kumar: Thank you, Hock.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of C.J. Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
CJ Muse: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to focus on software gross margin. So when you closed the acquisition of VMware, we ticked lower from low 90s to kind of high 80s. And we're now pushing a bit higher in July. And curious, as we kind of get to that $4 billion threshold and you've kind of indicated higher in fiscal '25, how should we think about the gross margin trajectory overall for software?
Hock Tan: Well, it's, for us, software gross margin is actually direct, it's not that relevant. You know that, right? So unless I'm running SaaS big time, now a lot of our products on subscription but they're not SaaS. We have some products on SaaS cloud-based, but most of them are not. And our gross margin will be around 90% at least.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Chris Caso with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Christopher Caso: Yes. Thank you. Good evening. I wonder if you could speak to the custom AI revenue and perhaps the contribution from some of the other customers aside from that largest customer. How meaningful are the other customers in that segment and what do you expect into next year as some of those newer projects start to ramp?
Hock Tan: Well, I know we're dancing around the thing, as I indicated, with three customers now going on and they're all three of them are meaningful. Otherwise, we won't call them customers as the criteria we've used. Until we get meaningful shipments out to them on AI accelerators, we do not really consider that as a customer. Simply because it's a new -- this is an emerging trend. It's not an easy product to deploy for any customer. And so we do not consider proof of concepts as production volume. These are all production accelerators deployed in AI data centers of those three customers.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: Hi. Thanks for the question. My question is actually on storage. And Hock, you bought Seagate's hard disk drive SoC assets earlier in the year. Can you talk about what you actually bought there, what it means in terms of economics for your company, and whether this accelerates your storage business over the next few years? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Well, this is more of a partnership than anything else. Basically, it's what we essentially created in that transaction was to begin with, we actually believe long term in the sustainability of hard disk drive media as a great long-term sustainable storage, alternative storage or medium for those hyperscalers. It makes sense. One way to think eventually, everything goes to flash, don't think so. Hard disk drive storage will still be meaningful. And the technology, which is most interesting for us, has a lot of ways to go. As hard disk goes on to -- from where it is today, which is 22, 23, 24 terabytes to going to 30, 40, and even 50 terabytes. A lot of technology along the way and one -- and a lot of that resides in silicon. So what we're doing, in effect, is a collaboration more than anything else, though structured, obviously, as a purchase of intellectual property. But we're also taking engineers, designers, combining it with the designers we have and basically enabling Seagate and eventually the entire industry to continue a road map that goes towards 50 terabytes. That's our ambition, that's our vision, and to be able to do that within 5 years or less. So that's pretty much what it is. It's a statement of our belief that hard disk drives, hard disk drive storage will sustain very well over the next five years, if not longer.
Christopher Rolland: Thank you, Hock.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. Kind of thinking strategically as we look forward ahead to NVIDIA's Blackwell product cycle, there's been some indications that possibly Broadcom has an opportunity to participate more deeply in the optical side of that product platform for NVIDIA. I'm curious, do you see that as an opportunity relative to prior generations of NVIDIA just to deepen a participation or just to participate in general in kind of the areas of DSPs and maybe other things related to the Blackwell cycle from NVIDIA? Thank you.
A  Hock Tan: Thats an interesting question and Ive got a simple answer. Im not really participating in NVIDIAs roadmap. Im really not directly in that kind of market, in that kind of product road map. Thats NVIDIA product road map in terms of Blackwell. Impressive product on the way to coming out. Now in terms of base technology we developed, of course, it could be used, it could be applied, and we are very happy to share that with  as it may be useful to get  to enable Blackwell to be part of that, whether its on the optical component side, which is what youre referring to, or even on the DSP side in terms of providing the interconnects to enable clusters of Blackwell to be built. That is fine on our engagement in that. Were happy to be part of that ecosystem as I said. But directly, were not in that market as you know.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder, Hock, if you could talk about your thoughts on further M&A. Is that still on your radar down the road? And if you did, would it be still software-focused or any possibility of semiconductors becoming interesting to you again?
Hock Tan: Joe, that's a beautiful question. I'll tell it is bluntly so they're not disappointed. Right now, I'm having my hands really full and enjoying myself doing is on really turning, transforming the business model of VMware. It's a great experience and you're feeling great about it when you do and when you're doing it pretty much running way beyond expectation as we indicated in that side. So no, I'm very focused on getting VMware continue -- as it continues to accelerate in getting private cloud deployed in the largest enterprises in the world. And you know what, might another year, two years to go to make that transformation totally complete.
Joseph Moore: Very clear. Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Hock, last quarter, you talked about an acceleration in R&D investments by your AI customers, and you talked about your follow-on wins for their next-generation XPU ASIC programs. It also looks like they're trying to accelerate their deployments of their GPUs, XPUs, and networking into their data centers here in the second half of the year. We know that on AI accelerators specifically, supply is quite tight, given the colos packaging and the HBM memory constraints. So has the team seen upside orders and demand for XPUs and networking here in the second half? Have you been able to meet that upside demand or is the team somewhat supply constrained? I guess in other words, is the AI demand greater than your supply here in the second half of the year?
Hock Tan: Yeah. We continue to see orders. We continue to see upside. And you're right in the pattern of that behavior that is going because it's -- as our customers, these are hyperscalers trying to deploy more and more capacity of AI data centers -- in AI data centers. And you start to hear them talk in terms of power. They don't even talk in terms of how many XPU or GPU plus they found in the 500 megawatt, 1 gigawatt was no but people that. So we are as they get this enable, we're getting, we're getting upsides. And I expect that to happen a lot more in 2025. We're not putting that in any guidance or indication we're giving you. But I what you say is exactly right on. We do expect to see upside as we've been seeing recently. We continue to see that probably going forward over the next 12 months, especially related to XPUs getting deployed and getting infrastructure available and rushing to deploy them. We see quite a bit of that.
Harlan Sur: Have you been able to meet that upside or are you somewhat limited by supply constraints?
Hock Tan: We can meet those upsides.
Harlan Sur: Okay. Thank you, Hock.
Hock Tan: Thanks.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Your line is open.
Edward Snyder: Thank you very much. Hock, that was a perfect segue into my question. You've said in the past calls that you thought that AI compute would move away from ASICs and go to merchant market. But it looks like the trend is kind of heading the other way. Are you still the opinion that, that's going to be the long-term trend of this? And secondly, as you just pointed out, power is becoming the defining factor for deployment with all the big guys at this point. Given the performance per watt of the ASICs over GPUs, which is superior to GPUs, why shouldn't we see more of these guys moving to custom ASIC? I know it takes a long time and it takes a lot of funding, etc. But especially as the enterprise starts getting more involved with this, there are going to be some applications that are kind of standard across some of the enterprises wouldn't even see some of the bigger, like AWS, move to a custom silicon for a specific workload. So basically, the overall trend in ASICs in AI. Thanks.
Hock Tan: Okay. Ed, did I hear you right to say at the beginning, maybe you meant that there is a trend towards ASIC or XPU from general purpose GPU, right?
Edward Snyder: Yes.
Hock Tan: You're right, and you're correct in pointing out to me that, hey, I used to think that general purpose merchant silicon will win at the end of the day. Well, based on history of semiconductors mostly so far, general purpose, small merchant silicon tends to win. But like you, I flipped in my view. And I did that, by the way, last quarter, maybe even 6 months ago. But nonetheless, catching up is good. And I actually think so because I do think there are two markets here on AI accelerators. There's 1 market for enterprises of the world, and none of these enterprises are incapable nor have the financial resources or interest to create the silicon, the custom silicon, nor the large language models or the software and going maybe to be able to run those AI workloads on custom silicon. It's too much and there's no return for them to do it because it's just too expensive to do it. But there are those few cloud guys, hyperscalers with the scale of the platform and the financial wherewithal for them to make it probably rational, economically rational, to create their own custom accelerators because it's all -- right now, not going to -- not trying to emphasize it, it's all about compute engines. It's all about especially training those large language models and enabling it on your platform. It's all about constraint, to a large part, about GPUs. Seriously, it came to a point where GPUs are more important than engineers, these hyperscalers in terms of how they think. Those GPUs are much more -- XPUs are much more important. And if that's the case, what better thing to do than bringing the control and the control of their own destiny by creating your own custom silicon accelerators. And that's what I'm seeing all of them do. It's just doing it at different rates and do -- and they're starting at different times but they all have started. And obviously, it takes time to get there. But they're all -- a lot of them, there are a lot of learning in the process versus what the biggest guy of them who had longer have been doing for seven years. Others are trying to catch up and it takes time. I'm not saying you'll take seven years. I think you'll be accelerated, but it will still take some time step by the time to get there. But those few hyperscalers, platform guys will create their own if they haven't already done it and start to train them on the large language models. And that is, yes, you're right, they will on go in that direction totally into ASIC or, as we call it, XPUs, custom silicon. Meanwhile, there's still a market for in enterprise for merchant silicon.
Edward Snyder: Right. But that basically suggests that you're on the early part of your curve where I'm not trying to call the GPUs whatever, but you could be getting to something closer to the peak of the GPU market just because everything, right, beside the cost expense and as you're spending all this money and you're paying all this money for power, the ASICs become more and more attractive. So the curves are going to look different, right?
Hock Tan: It's an accelerating curve. It may take longer than we all want it to happen but definitely accelerating because the size of those -- and the size of the demand from those hyperscalers will totally rival that in the enterprise.
Operator: Thank you. And that is all the time we have for our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo for any closing remarks.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator. This quarter, Broadcom will be presenting at the Goldman Sachs Communacopia and Technology Conference on Wednesday, September 11 in San Francisco. Broadcom currently plans to report its earnings for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024 after the close of market on Thursday, December 12, 2024. A public webcast of Broadcom's earnings conference call will follow at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you, all, for joining. Operator, you may end the call.
Operator: This concludes today's program. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-06-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc. Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Head of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc.
Ji Yoo : Thank you, Operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on today's call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer and Charlie Kawwas, President, Semiconductor Solutions Group. Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables after the market closed, describing our financial performance for the second quarter of fiscal year 2024. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investor section of Broadcom's website at Broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and an audio replay of the call can be accessed for 1 year through the Investor section of Broadcom's website. During the prepared comments, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our second quarter fiscal year 2024 results, guidance for our fiscal year 2024, as well as commentary regarding the business environment. We'll take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to US GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. I'll now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan : Thank you, Ji. And thank you everyone for joining today. In our fiscal Q2 2024 results -- consolidated net revenue was $12.5 billion, up 43% year-on-year as revenue included a full quarter of contribution from VMware. But if we exclude VMware, consolidated revenue was up 12% year-on-year. And this 12% organic growth in revenue was largely driven by AI revenue, which stepped up 280% year-on-year to $3.1 billion, more than offsetting continued cyclical weakness in semiconductor revenue from enterprises and telcos. Let me now give you more color on our two reporting segments. Beginning with software. In Q2 infrastructure software segment revenue of $5.3 billion was up 175% year-on-year and included $2.7 billion in revenue contribution from VMware, up from $2.1 billion in the prior quarter. The integration of VMware is going very well. Since we acquired VMware, we have modernized the product SKUs from over 8,000 disparate SKUs to four core product offerings and simplified the go-to-market flow, eliminating a huge amount of channel conflicts. We are making good progress in transitioning all VMware products to a subscription licensing model. And since closing the deal, we have actually signed up close to 3,000 of our largest 10,000 customers to enable them to build a self-service virtual private cloud on-prem. Each of these customers typically sign up to a multi-year contract, which we normalize into an annual measure known as Annualized Booking Value, or ABV. This metric, ABV for VMware products, accelerated from $1.2 billion in Q1 to $1.9 billion in Q2. By reference, for the consolidated Broadcom software portfolio, ABV grew from $1.9 billion in Q1 to $2.8 billion over the same period in Q2. Meanwhile, we have integrated SG&A across the entire platform and eliminated redundant functions. Year-to-date, we have incurred about $2 billion of restructuring and integration costs and drove our spending run rate at VMware to $1.6 billion this quarter, from what used to be $2.3 billion per quarter pre-acquisition. We expect spending will continue to decline towards a $1.3 billion run rate exiting Q4, better than our previous $1.4 billion plan, and will likely stabilize at $1.2 billion post-integration. VMware revenue in Q1 was $2.1 billion, grew to $2.7 billion in Q2, and will accelerate towards a $4 billion per quarter run rate. We therefore expect operating margins for VMware to begin to converge towards that of classic Broadcom software by fiscal 2025. Turning to semiconductors, Let me give you more color by end markets. Networking. Q2 revenue of $3.8 billion grew 44% year-on-year, representing 53% of semiconductor revenue. This was again driven by strong demand from hyperscalers for both AI networking and custom accelerators. It's interesting to note that as AI data center clusters continue to deploy, our revenue mix has been shifting towards an increasing proportion of networking. We doubled the number of switches we sold year-on-year, particularly the PAM-5 and Jericho3, which we deployed successfully in close collaboration with partners like Arista Networks, Dell, Juniper, and Supermicro. Additionally, we also double our shipments of PCI Express switches and NICs in the AI backend fabric. We're leading the rapid transition of optical interconnects in AI data centers to 800 gigabit bandwidth, which is driving accelerated growth for our DSPs, optical lasers, and PIN diodes. And we are not standing still. Together with these same partners, we are developing the next generation switches, DSP, and optics that will drive the ecosystem towards 1.6 terabit connectivity to scale out larger AI accelerated clusters.
,: Next year, we expect all mega-scale GPU deployments to be on Ethernet. We expect the strength in AI to continue, and because of that, we now expect networking revenue to grow 40% year-on-year compared to our prior guidance of over 35% growth. Moving to wireless. Q2 wireless revenue of $1.6 billion grew 2% year-on-year, was seasonally down 19% quarter-on-quarter and represents 22% of semiconductor revenue. And in fiscal '24, helped by content increases, we reiterate our previous guidance for wireless revenue to be essentially flat year-on-year. This trend is wholly consistent with our continued engagement with our North American customer, which is deep, strategic, and multiyear and represents all of our wireless business. Next, our Q2 server storage connectivity revenue was $824 million or 11% of semiconductor revenue, down 27% year-on-year. We believe though, Q2 was the bottom in server storage. And based on updated demand forecast and bookings, we expect a modest recovery in the second half of the year. And accordingly, we forecast fiscal '24 server storage revenue to decline around the 20% range year-on-year. Moving on to broadband. Q2 revenue declined 39% year-on-year to $730 million and represented 10% of semiconductor revenue. Broadband remains weak on the continued pause in telco and service provider spending. We expect Broadcom to bottom in the second half of the year with a recovery in 2025. Accordingly, we are revising our outlook for fiscal '24 broadband revenue to be down high 30s year-on-year from our prior guidance for a decline of just over 30% year-on-year. Finally, Q2 industrial rev -- resale of $234 million declined 10% year-on-year. And for fiscal '24, we now expect industrial resale to be down double-digit percentage year-on-year compared to our prior guidance for high single-digit decline. So to sum it all up, here's what we are seeing. For fiscal '24, we expect revenue from AI to be much stronger at over $11 billion. Non-AI semiconductor revenue has bottomed in Q2 and is likely to recover modestly for the second half of fiscal '24. On infrastructure software, we're making very strong progress in integrating VMware and accelerating its growth. Pulling all these three key factors together, we are raising our fiscal '24 revenue guidance to $51 billion. And with that, let me turn the call over to Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears : Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our Q2 financial performance, which included a full quarter of contribution from VMware. Consolidated revenue was $12.5 billion for the quarter, up 43% from a year ago. Excluding the contribution from VMware, Q2 revenue increased 12% year-on-year. Gross margins were 76.2% of revenue in the quarter. Operating expenses were $2.4 billion and R&D was $1.5 billion, both up year-on-year primarily due to the consolidation of VMware. Q2 operating income was $7.1 billion and was up 32% from a year ago with operating margin at 57% of revenue. Excluding transition costs, operating profit of $7.4 billion was up 36% from a year ago, with operating margin of 59% of revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $7.4 billion or 60% of revenue. This figure excludes $149 million of depreciation. Now a review of the P&L for our two segments, starting with semiconductors. Revenue for our semiconductor solutions segment was $7.2 billion and represented 58% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 6% year-on-year. Gross margins for our semiconductor solutions segment were approximately 67%, down 370 basis points year-on-year, driven primarily by a higher mix of custom AI accelerators. Operating expenses increased 4% year-on-year to $868 million on increased investment in R&D, resulting in semiconductor operating margins of 55%. Now moving on to infrastructure software. Revenue for infrastructure software was $5.3 billion, up 170% year-on-year, primarily due to the contribution of VMware and represented 42% of revenue. Gross margin for infrastructure software were 88% in the quarter, and operating expenses were $1.5 billion in the quarter, resulting in infrastructure software operating margin of 60%. Excluding transition costs, operating margin was 64%. Now moving on to cash flow. Free cash flow in the quarter was $4.4 billion and represented 36% of revenues. Excluding cash used for restructuring and integration of $830 million, free cash flows of $5.3 billion were up 18% year-on-year and represented 42% of revenue. Free cash flow as a percentage of revenue has declined from 2023 due to higher cash interest expense from debt related to the VMware acquisition and higher cash taxes due to a higher mix of US income and the delay in the reenactment of Section 174. We spent $132 million on capital expenditures. Days sales outstanding were 40 days in the second quarter, consistent with 41 days in the first quarter. We ended the second quarter with inventory of $1.8 billion down 4% sequentially. We continue to remain disciplined on how we manage inventory across our ecosystem. We ended the second quarter with $9.8 billion of cash and $74 billion of gross debt. The weighted average coupon rate and years to maturity of our $48 billion in fixed rate debt is 3.5% and 8.2 years respectively. The weighted average coupon rate and years to maturity of our $28 billion in floating rate debt is 6.6% and 2.8 years, respectively. During the quarter, we repaid $2 billion of our floating rate debt, and we intend to maintain this quarterly repayment of debt throughout fiscal 2024. Turning to capital allocation. In the quarter, we paid stockholders $2.4 billion of cash dividends based on a quarterly common stock cash dividend of $5.25 per share. In Q2, non-GAAP diluted share count was 492 million as the 54 million shares issued for the VMware acquisition were fully weighted in the second quarter. We paid $1.5 billion withholding taxes due on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the elimination of 1.2 million AVGO shares. Today, we are announcing a 10-for-1 forward stock split of Broadcom's common stock to make ownership of Broadcom stock more accessible to investors and to employees. Our stockholders of record after the close of market on July 11, 2024, will receive an additional nine shares of common stock after the close of market on July 12, with trading on a split-adjusted basis expected to commence at market open on July 15, 2024. In Q3, reflecting a post-split basis, we expect share count to be approximately 4.92 billion shares. Now on to guidance. We are raising our guidance for fiscal year 2024 consolidated revenue to $51 billion and adjusted EBITDA to 61%. For modeling purposes, please keep in mind that GAAP net income and cash flows in fiscal year 2024 are impacted by restructuring and integration-related cash costs due to the VMware acquisition. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Hock, I would appreciate your perspective on the emerging competition between Broadcom and NVIDIA across both Accelerators and Ethernet switching. So on the Accelerator side, they are going to launch their Blackwell product that many of the same customers that you have a very large position in the custom compute. So I'm curious how you think customers are going to do that allocation decision, just broadly what the visibility is. And then I think Part B of that is as they launch their Spectrum-X Ethernet switch, do you think that poses increasing competition for Broadcom and the Ethernet switching side in AI for next year? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Very interesting question, Vivek. On AI accelerators, I think we are operating on a different -- to start with scale, much as a different model. It is -- and on the GPUs, which are the AI accelerator of choice on merchant -- in a merchant environment is something that is extremely powerful as a model. It's something that NVIDIA operates in, in a very, very effective manner. We don't even think about competing against them in that space, not in the least. That's where they're very good at and we know where we stand with respect to that. Now what we do for very selected or selective hyperscalers is, if there's a scale and the skills to try to create silicon solutions, which are AI accelerators to do particular very complex AI workloads. We are happy to use our IP portfolio to create those custom ASIC AI accelerator. So I do not see them as truly competing against each other. And far for me to say I'm trying to position myself to be a competitor on basically GPUs in this market. We're not. We are not a competitor to them. We don't try to be, either. Now on networking, maybe that's different. But again people may be approaching and they may be approaching it from a different angle. We are as I indicated all along, very deep in Ethernet as we've been doing Ethernet for over 25 years, Ethernet networking. And we've gone through a lot of market transitions, and we have captured a lot of market transitions from cloud-scale networking to routing and now AI. So it is a natural extension for us to go into AI. We also recognize that being the AI compute engine of choice in merchants in the ecosystem, which is GPUs, that they are trying to create a platform that is probably end-to-end very integrated. We take the approach that we don't do those GPUs, but we enable the GPUs to work very well. So if anything else, we supplement and hopefully complement those GPUs with customers who are building bigger and bigger GPU clusters.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. I want to stick on the AI theme, Hock. The strong growth that you had in the quarter, the 280% year-over-year, could you delineate a little bit between if that's the compute offload side versus the connectivity side? And then as you think about the growth for the full year, how are those split in that realm as well? Are they kind of going hand-in-hand? Or is one side growing significantly faster than the other, especially with the I guess, you said the next-generation accelerators are now going to be Broadcom as well?
Hock Tan: Well, to answer your question on the mix, you are right. It's something we dont really predict very well, not understand completely except in hindsight. Because it's like, to some extent, to the cadence of deployment of when they put in the AI accelerators versus when they put in the infrastructure that puts it together, the networking. And we don't really quite understand it 100%. All we know, it used to be 80% accelerators, 20% networking. It's now running closer to two-thirds accelerators, one-thirds networking and we'll probably head towards 60%-40% by the close of the year.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the $11 billion AI guide. You'd be at $11.6 billion even if you didn't grow AI from the current level in the second half. And it feels to me like you're not suggesting that. It feels to me like you think you could be [guided] (ph). So why wouldn't that AI number be a lot more than $11.6 billion? It feels like it ought to be. Or am I missing something?
Hock Tan: Because I guided just over $11 billion, Stacy could be what you think it is. It's -- quarterly shipments get sometimes very lumpy. And it depends on rate of deployment, depends on a lot of things. So you may be right. You may estimate it better than I do, but the general trajectory is getting better.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. So I guess again, how do I -- are you just suggesting that, that more than $11 billion is sort of like the worst it could be because that would just be flat at the current levels, but you're also suggesting that things are getting better into the back half?
Hock Tan: Correct.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. So I guess we just take that, that's a very -- if I'm reading it wrong, that's just a very conservative number?
Hock Tan: That's the best forecast I have at this point, Stacy.
Stacy Rasgon: All right. Okay, Hock, thank you. I appreciate it.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Yeah, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Hock, on cloud and AI networking silicon, good to see that the networking mix is steadily increasing. Like clockwork, the Broadcom team has been driving a consistent two year cadence, right of new product introductions, Trident, Tomahawk, Jericho family of switching and routing products for the past seven generations. You layer on top of that your GPU -- TPU customers are accelerating their cadence of new product introductions and deployments of their products. So is this also driving faster adoption curve for your latest Tomahawk and Jericho products? And then maybe just as importantly, like clockwork, it is been two years since you've introduced Tomahawk 5 product introduction, right which if I look back historically, means you have silicon and are getting ready to introduce your next-generation three-nanometer Tomahawk 6 products, which would, I think, puts you two years to three years ahead of your competitors. Can you just give us an update there?
Hock Tan: Harlan, you're pretty insightful there. Yes, we launched Tomahawk 5 in 2023. So you're right, by late 2025, the time we should be coming out with Tomahawk 6, which is the 100 terabit switch, yes.
Harlan Sur: And is the -- is this acceleration of cadence by your GPU and TPU partners, is that also what's kind of driving the strong growth in the networking products?
Hock Tan: Well, you know what, sometimes you have to let things take its time. But it's two-year cadence so we're right on. Late 2023, once when we shoot it out to a Tomahawk 5 and adoption. You're correct with AI has been tremendous because it ties in with the need for a very large bandwidth in the networking, in the fabric for AI clusters, AI data centers. But regardless, we have always targeted Tomahawk 6 to be out two years after that, which should put it into late '25.
Harlan Sur: Okay, thank you Hock.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Ben Reitzes with Melius. Your line is open.
Ben Reitzes: Hi, thanks a lot. And congrats on the quarter and guide. Hock, I wanted to talk a little bit more about VMware. Just wanted to clarify if it is indeed going better than expectations. And how would you characterize the customer willingness to move to subscription? And also just a little more color on Cloud Foundation. You've cut the price there, and are you seeing that beat expectations? Thanks a lot.
Hock Tan: Thanks, and thanks for your kind regards on the quarter. But it's -- as far as VMware is concerned, we're making good progress. The journey is not over by any means, but it is pretty much very much to expectation. Moving to subscription, well, in VMware we are very slow compared to, I mean a lot of other guys, Microsoft, Salesforce, Oracle, who have already been pretty much in subscription. So VMware is late in that process. But we're trying to make up for it by offering it and offering it in a very, very compelling manner because subscription is the right things to do, right? It's a situation where you put out your product offering, and you update it, patch it, but update it feature-wise, everything as capabilities on a continual basis, almost like getting your news on an ongoing basis, subscription online versus getting it in a printed manner once a week. That's how I compare perpetual to subscription. So it is very interesting for a lot of people to want to can't get on. And so to no surprise, they are getting on very well. The big selling point we have as I indicated, is the fact that we are not just trying to keep customers kind of stuck on just server or compute virtualization. That's a great product, great technology, but it's been out for 20 years. Based on what we are offering now at a very compelling price point, compelling in a very attractive price point, the whole stack, software stack to use vSphere and its basic fundamental technology to virtualize networking, storage, operation and management, the entire data center and create this self-service private cloud. And thanks for saying it, you're right, and we have priced it down to the point where it is comparable with just compute virtualization. So yes, that is getting a lot of interest, a lot of attention from the customers. We have signed up who would like to deploy -- the ability to deploy private cloud, their own private cloud on-prem. As a nice complement, maybe even alternative or hybrid to public clouds, that's the selling point, and we are getting a lot of interest from our customers in doing that.
Ben Reitzes: Great. And it's on track for $4 billion by the fourth quarter still, which is reiterated?
Hock Tan: Well, I didn't give a specific time frame, did I? But it's on track as we see this process growing towards a $4 billion quarter.
Ben Reitzes : Okay, thanks a lot Hock.
Hock Tan : Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, thank you so much for taking my question. I guess kind of a follow-up to the previous question on your software business. Hock, you seem to have pretty good visibility into hitting that $4 billion run rate over the medium term, perhaps. You also talked about your operating margin in that business converging to classic Broadcom levels. I know the integration is not done and you're still kind of in debt paydown mode. But how should we think about your growth strategy beyond VMware? Do you think you have enough drivers, both on the semiconductor side and the software side to continue to drive growth or is M&A still an option beyond VMware? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Interesting question. And you're right. As I indicated in my remarks, even we found the contribution from VMware this past quarter where we have AI helping us, but we have non-AI semiconductor sort of bottoming out. We're able to show 12% organic growth year-on-year. So almost have to say, so do we need to rush to buy another company? Answer is no. But all options are always open because we are trying to create the best value for our shareholders who have entrusted us with the capital to do that. So I would not discount that alternative because our strategy, our long-term model has always been to grow through a combination of acquisition, but also on the assets we acquire to really improve, invest, and operate them better to show organic growth as well. But again, organic growth often enough is determined very much by how fast your market would grow. So we do look towards acquisitions now and then.
Toshiya Hari : All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Blayne Curtis with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask you Hock, on the networking business kind of ex AI. Obviously, I think there's an inventory correction the whole industry is seeing. But just kind of curious, I don't think you mentioned that it was at a bottom. So just the perspective, I think it's down about [60%] (ph) year-over-year. Is that business finding a bottom? I know you said overall whole semi business should -- non-AI should see a recovery. Are you expecting any there any perspective on just customer inventory levels in that segment?
Hock Tan: We see it behaving. I didn't particularly call it out, obviously because more than anything else, I kind of link it very much to server storage, non-AI that is. And we call server storage as at a bottom Q2, and we call it to recover modestly second half of the year. We see the same thing in networking, which is a combination of enterprise networking, as well as the hyperscalers who run their traditional workloads on those, though it's hard to figure out sometimes. But it is. So we see the same trajectory as we are calling out on server storage.
Blayne Curtis: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Your line is open. Mr. Arcuri, your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, sorry. Thanks. Hock, is there a way to sort of map GPU demand back to your AI networking opportunity? I think I've heard you say in the past that if you spent $10 billion on GPU compute, you need to spend another $10 billion on other [infrastructure] (ph), most of which is networking. So I'm just kind of wondering if when you see these big GPU numbers, is there sort of a rule of thumb that you use to map it back to what the opportunity will be for you? Thanks.
Hock Tan: There is, but it's so complex, I stopped creating such a model, Tim. I've said it. But there is because one would say that for every -- you almost say, for every $1 billion you spend on GPU, you probably would spend probably on networking, and if we include the optical interconnects as part of it, though we are not totally in that market, except for the components like DSPs, lasers, PIN diodes that go into those, high-bandwidth optical connect. But if you just take optical connects in totality, switching, all the networking components, it goes into -- attaches itself to clustering a bunch of GPUs, you probably would say that about 25% of the value of the GPU goes to networking, the rest on networking. Now not entirely all of it is my available market. I don't do the optical connects, but I do the few components I talked about in it. But roughly, the simple way to look at it is probably about 25%, maybe 30% of all these infrastructure components is kind of attached to the GPU value point itself. But having said that, it's never  we are never that precise that deployment is the same way. So you may see the deployment of GPU or purchase of GPU much earlier. And the networking comes later or sometimes less the other way around, which is why you're seeing the mix going on within my AI revenue mix. But typically, you run towards that range over time.
Timothy Arcuri: Perfect Hock, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Thomas O'Malley with Barclays. Your line is open.
Thomas OMalley: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. And nice results. My question in regards to the custom ASIC AI. Hock, you had a long run here of a very successful business, particularly with one customer. If you look in the market today, you have a new entrant who's playing with different customers. And I know that you said historically, that's not really a direct customer to you. But could you talk about what differentiates you from the new entrant in the market as of late? And then there's been profitability questions around the sustainability of gross margins longer term. Can you talk about if you see any increased competition? And if there's really areas that you would deem more or less defensible in your profile today? And if you would see kind of that additional entrant maybe attack any of those in the future?
Hock Tan: Let me take the second part first, which is our AI -- custom AI accelerator business. It is a very profitable business, and let me put to scale -- look examine from a model point of view. I mean, each of these AI accelerators no different from a GPU. The way these large language models get run computing, get run on these accelerators, no one single accelerator, as you know, can run these big large language models. You need multiple of it no matter how powerful those accelerators are. But also, and the way the models are run, there is a lot of memory access to memory requirements. So each of this accelerator comes with a large amount of cache memory, as you call it, what you guys probably now know as HBM, high-bandwidth memory specialized for AI accelerators or GPUs. So we're supplying both in our custom business. And the logic side of it, where the compute function is on doing the chips, the margin there are no different than the margin in any -- in most of any of a semiconductor silicon chip business. But when you're attached to it, a huge amount of memory, memory comes from a third-party. There are a few memory makers who make this specialized thing. We don't do margin stacking on that part. So by almost buying basic math will dilute the margin of these AI accelerators when you sell them with memory, which we do. It does push up revenue somewhat higher but it has diluted the margin. But regardless, the spend, the R&D, the OpEx that goes to support this as a percent of the revenue, which is higher revenue, so much less. So on an operating margin level, this is easily as profitable, if not more profitable, given the scale that each of those custom AI accelerators can go up to. It's even better than our normal operating margin scale. So that's the return on investment that attracts and keeps us going at this game. And this is more than a game. It is a very difficult business. And to answer your first question, there is only one Broadcom, period.
Thomas O'Malley: Thanks Hock.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Karl Ackerman with BNP. Your line is open.
Karl Ackerman: Hi, thank you. Good afternoon. Hock, your networking switch portfolio with Tomahawk and Jericho chipsets allows hyperscalers to build AI clusters using either a switch-scheduled or endpoint-scheduled network. And that, of course is unique among competitors. But as hyperscalers seek to deploy their own unique AI clusters, are you seeing a growing mix of white-box networking switch deployments? I ask because while your custom sales and business continues to broaden, it will be helpful to better understand the growing mix of your $11 billion AI networking portfolio combined this year. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Let me have Charlie address this question. He's the expert.
Charlie Kawwas: Yes. Thank you, Hock. So two quick things on this. One is the  you are exactly right that the portfolio we have is quite unique in providing that flexibility. And by the way, this is exactly why Hock, in his statements earlier on, mentioned that seven out of the top eight hyperscalers use our portfolio. And they use it specifically because it provides that flexibility. So whether you have an architecture that's based on an endpoint and you want to actually build your platform that way or you want that switching to happen in the fabric itself, that's why we have the full end-to-end portfolio. So that actually has been a proven differentiator for us. And then on top of that, we've been working, as you know, to provide a complete network operating system that's open on top of that using SONiC and Psi, which has been deployed in many of the hyperscalers. And so the combination of the portfolio plus the stack really differentiates the solution that we can offer to these hyperscalers. And if they decide to build their own NICs, their own accelerators are custom or use standard products, whether it is from Broadcom or other, that platform, that portfolio of infrastructure switching gives you that full flexibility.
Karl Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of C.J. Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
CJ Muse: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I was hoping to ask two part software question. So excluding VMware, your Brocade, CA, and Symantec business now running $500 million higher for the last two quarters. So curious, is that the new sustainable run rate or were there onetime events in both January and April that we should be considering? And then the second question is as you think about VMware Cloud Foundation adoption, are you seeing any sort of crowding out of spending like other software guys are seeing as they repurpose their budgets to IT? Or is that business so less discretionary that it's just not an impact to you? Thanks so much.
Hock Tan: Well, on the second one, I don't know about any crowding out, to be honest. It's not. What we are offering, obviously, is not something that they would like to use themselves, to be able to do themselves, which is they're already spending on building their own on-prem data centers. And typical approach people take, a lot of enterprises take historically continue today than most people do a lot, people do is they have best of breed. What I mean is they create a data center that is compute as a separate category, best compute there is and they often enough use vSphere for compute virtualization due to improved productivity, but best of breed there. And best of breed on networking and best of breed on storage with a common management operations layer, which very often is also VMware we realize. And what we're trying to say is this mixed bag, and what they see -- is this mixed bag best of [big] (ph) data center, very heterogenous, is not driving that, is not a highly resilient data center. I mean, you have a mixed bag. So it goes down. Where do you find quickly root cause? Everybody is pointing fingers at the other. So you got a problem, not very resilient and not necessary secure between bare metal in one side and software on the other side. So it's a natural thinking on the part of many CIOs we talk to, to say, hey, I want to create one common platform as opposed to just [best-of-breed of age] (ph). So that gets us into that. So it is a greenfield thats not bad, they started from scratch. If it's a brownfield, that means they have existing data centers trying to upgrade. It's -- that sometimes that's more challenging for us to get that adopted. So I'm not sure there's a crowding out here. There's some competition, obviously, on greenfield, where they can spend their budget on an entire platform versus best-of-breed. But on the existing data center where you're trying to upgrade, that's a trickier thing to do. And it cuts the other way as well for us. So that's how I see it. So in that sense, best answer is I don't think we're seeing a level of crowding out that is -- any and that very significant for me to mention. In terms of the revenue mix, no, Brocade is having a great, great field year so far and still chugging along. But will that sustain? Hell no, you know that. Brocade goes through cycles like most enterprise purchases. So we're enjoying it while it lasts.
CJ Muse: Thank you.
Hock Tan: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have time for one final question, and that will come from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. Hock, congrats on the yet another great quarter and a strong outlook in AI. I also want to ask about something you mentioned with VMware. In your prepared remarks, you highlighted that you've eliminated a tremendous amount of channel conflict. I'm hoping you can linger on this a little bit and clarify maybe what you did. And specifically also what you did in the heritage Broadcom software business, where I think historically, you've shied away from the channel. And there was an idea that perhaps you'd reintroduce those products to the channel through a more unified approach using VMware's channel partners or resources. So any sort of clarification here, I think, would be helpful.
Hock Tan: Yes, thank you. That's a great question. Yes, VMware taught me a few things. They have 300,000 customers, 300,000. That's pretty amazing. And we look at it. I know under CA, we took a position that let's pick an A-list strategic guy and focus on it. I can't do that in VMware. I approached it differently. And I start to learn the value of a very strong bunch of partners they have, which are a network of distributors and something like 15,000 VARs, value-added resales supported with these distributors. So we have doubled down and invested in this resale network in a big way for VMware. It's a great move, I think but six months into the game. But we are seeing a lot more velocity out of it. Now these resellers, having said that, tend to be very focused on a very long tail of their 300,000 customers. The largest 10,000 customers of VMware are large enterprises who tend to -- they are very large enterprises, the largest banks, the largest health care companies. And their view is I want very bespoke service, support, engineering solutions from us. So we've created a direct approach, supplemented with the VAR of choice where they need to. But on the long tail of 300,000 customers, they get a lot of services from the resellers, value-added resellers, and so in their way. So we now strengthen that whole network of resellers so that they can go direct, manage, supported financially with distributors. And we don't try to challenge those guys unless the customers. On the end of the day, the customer chose where they like to be supported. So we kind of simplify this together with the number of SKUs they have. In the past, unlike what we're trying to do here, everybody is a partner. I mean, you're talking a full range of partners. And whoever makes the biggest deal gets the lowest. The partner that makes the biggest deal gets the lower -- biggest discount, lowest price. And they are out there basically kind of creating a lot of channel chaos and conflict in the marketplace. Here, we don't. The customers, I am aware. They can take it direct from VMware to their direct sales force or they can easily move to the resellers to get it that way. And as a third alternative which we offer, if they chose not -- they want to run their applications on VMware and they want to run it efficiently on a full stack. They have a choice now of going to a hosted environment managed by network of managed service providers, which we set up globally, that will run the infrastructure, invest and operate the infrastructure. And these enterprise customers just run their workloads in and get it as a service, basically VMware as a service. That's a third alternative, and we are clear to make it very distinct and differentiated for our end-use customers. They're available to all three is how they choose to consume our technology.
William Stein: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to hand the call over to Ji Yoo, Head of Investor Relations, for any closing remarks.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, Cherie. Broadcom currently plans to report its earnings for the third quarter of fiscal '24 after close of market on Thursday, September 5, 2024. A public webcast of Broadcom's earnings conference call will follow at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time. That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Operator, you may end the call.
Operator: Thank you all for participating. This concludes today's program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-03-07 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Broadcom's Inc. First Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Head of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc. You may begin.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on today's call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; and Charlie Kawwas, President, Semiconductor Solutions Group. Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables after the market closed, describing our financial performance for the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and an audio replay of the call can be accessed for one year through the Investors section of Broadcom's website. During the prepared comments, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our first quarter fiscal year 2024 results, guidance for our fiscal year 2024 as well as commentary regarding the business environment. We'll take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. I'll now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ji, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. In our fiscal Q1 2024, consolidated net revenue was $12 billion, up 34% year-on-year as revenue included 10.5 weeks of contribution from VMware. Excluding VMware, consolidated revenue was up 11% year-on-year. Semiconductor solutions revenue increased 4% year-on-year to $7.4 billion, and infrastructure software revenue grew 153% year-on-year to $4.6 billion. With respect to infrastructure software, revenue contribution from consolidating VMware drove a sequential jump in revenue by 132%. We expect continued strong bookings at VMware will accelerate revenue growth through the rest of fiscal 2024. In semiconductors, AI revenue quadrupled year-on-year to $2.3 billion during the quarter, more than offsetting the current cyclical slowdown in enterprise and telcos. Now let me give you more color on our two reporting segments. Starting with software. Q1, software segment revenue of $4.6 billion was up 156% year-on-year and included $2.1 billion in revenue contribution from VMware. Consolidated bookings in software grew sequentially from less than $600 million to $1.8 billion in Q1 and is expected to grow to over $3 billion in Q2. Revenue from VMware will grow double-digit percentage sequentially, quarter-over-quarter, through the rest of the fiscal year. This is simply a result of our strategy with VMware. We are focused on upselling customers, particularly those who are already running their compute workloads with vSphere virtualization tools to upgrade to VMware Cloud Foundation, otherwise branded as VCF. VCF is the complete software stack, integrating compute, storage and networking that virtualizes and modernizes our customers' data centers. This on-prem self-service cloud platform provides our customers a complement and an alternative to public cloud. And in fact, on a VM Explore last August, VMware and NVIDIA entered into a partnership called VMware Private AI Foundation, which enables VCF to run GPUs. This allows customers to deploy their AI models on-prem. And wherever they do business without having to compromise on privacy and data -- in control of their data. And we are seeing this capability drive strong demand for VCF, from enterprises seeking to run their growing AI workloads on-prem. And reflecting all these factors for the full year, we reiterate our fiscal 2024 guidance for software revenue of $20 billion. Turning to semiconductors. Before I give you an overall assessment of this segment, let me provide more color by end markets. Q1 networking revenue of $3.3 billion grew 46% year-on-year, representing 45% of our semiconductor revenue. This was largely driven by strong demand for our custom AI accelerators at our 2 hyperscale customers. This strength extends beyond AI accelerators.  Our latest generation Tomahawk 5 800G switches saw through Ethernet mix refinements, DSPs and optical components are experiencing strong demand at hyperscale customers as well as large-scale enterprises deploying AI data centers. For fiscal 2024, given continued strength of AI NAND working demand, we now expect networking revenue to grow over 35% year-on-year compared to our prior guidance for 30% annual growth. Moving on to wireless. Q1 wireless revenue of $2 billion decreased 1% sequentially and declined 4% year-on-year representing 27% of semiconductor revenue. As you all may know, the engagement with a North American customer continues to be very deep strategic and, of course, multiyear. And in fiscal 2024, helped by content increases, we reiterate our previous guidance for wireless revenue to be flat year-on-year. Next, our Q1 server storage connectivity revenue was $887 million or 12% of semiconductor revenue, down 29% year-on-year. We are seeing weaker demand in the first half, but expect recovery in the second half. Accordingly, we are revising our outlook for fiscal '24 server storage revenue to decline in the mid-20 percentage range year-on-year compared to prior guidance for high teens percent decline year-on-year. On broadband, Q1 revenue declined 23% year-on-year to $940 million and represented 13% of semiconductor revenue. We are seeing a cyclical trough this year for broadband as telco spending continues to weaken and do not expect improvement until late in the year. And accordingly, we are revising our outlook for fiscal '24 broadband revenue to be down 30% year-on-year from our prior guidance of down mid-teens year-on-year. And finally, Q1 industrial resales of $215 million declined 6% year-on-year. In fiscal '24, we continue to expand industrial resales to be down high single digits year upon year. And in summary, with stronger-than-expected growth from AI more than offsetting the cyclical weakness in broadband and server storage, Q1 semiconductor revenue grew 4% year-over-year to $7.4 billion. Turning to fiscal '24. We reiterate our guidance for Semiconductor Solutions revenue to be up mid- to high single-digit percentage year-on-year. I know we told you in December, our revenue from AI would be 25% of our full year semiconductor revenue. We now expect revenue from AI to be much stronger, representing some 35% of semiconductor revenue at over $10 billion. And this more than offset weaker-than-expected demand in broadband and service storage. So for fiscal 2024 in summary, we reiterate our guidance for consolidated revenue to be $50 billion, which represents 40% year-on-year growth. And we reiterate our full year adjusted EBITDA guidance of 60%. Before I turn this call over to Kirsten, who will provide more details of our financial performance this quarter, let me just highlight that Broadcom recently published its fourth annual ESG report available on a corporate citizenship side, which discusses the company's sustainability initiatives. As a global technology leader, we recognize Broadcom's responsibility to connect our customers, employees and communities. Through our product and technology innovation and operational excellence, we remain committed to this mission. Kirsten?
Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our Q1 financial performance, which was a 14-week quarter and included 10.5 weeks of contribution from VMware. Consolidated revenue was $12 billion for the quarter, up 34% from a year ago. Excluding the contribution from VMware, Q1 revenue increased 11% year-on-year. Gross margins were 75.4% of revenue in the quarter. Operating expenses were $2.2 billion and R&D was $1.4 billion, both up year-on-year primarily due to the contribution from VMware. Q1 operating income, including VMware, was $6.8 billion and was up 26% from a year ago, with operating margin at 57% of revenue. Excluding transition costs of $226 million in Q1, operating profit of $7.1 billion was up 30% from a year ago, with operating margin of 59% of revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $7.2 billion or 60% of revenue. This figure excludes $139 million of depreciation. Now a review of the P&L for our two segments, starting with Semiconductor. Revenue for our Semiconductor Solutions segment was $7.4 billion and represented 62% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 4% year-on-year. Gross margins for our semiconductor solutions segment were approximately 67%, down 190 basis points year-on-year driven primarily by product mix within our semiconductor end markets. Operating expenses increased 8% year-on-year to $865 million, reflecting a 14-week quarter resulting in semiconductor operating margins of 56%. Now moving on to our infrastructure software segment. Revenue for infrastructure software was $4.6 billion, up 153% year-on-year, primarily due to the contribution of VMware and represented 38% of revenue. Gross margins for infrastructure software were 88% in the quarter, and operating expenses were $1.3 billion in the quarter, resulting in infrastructure software operating margin of 59%. Excluding transition costs, operating margin was 64%. Moving on to cash flow. Free cash flow in the quarter was $4.7 billion and represented 39% of revenues off a higher revenue base. Excluding restructuring and integration spend of $658 million free cash flows were 45% of revenue. We spent $122 million on capital expenditures. Days sales outstanding were 41 days in the first quarter compared to 31 days in the fourth quarter on higher accounts receivable due to the VMware acquisition. The accounts receivable we brought on from VMware has payment terms of 60 days unlike Broadcom standard 30 days. We ended the first quarter with inventory of $1.9 billion, up 1% sequentially. We continue to remain disciplined on how we manage inventory across the ecosystem.  We ended the first quarter with $11.9 billion of cash and $75.9 billion of gross debt. The weighted average coupon rate and years to maturity of our $48 billion in fixed rate debt is 3.5% and 8.4 years, respectively. The weighted average coupon rate and used to maturity of our $30 billion in floating rate debt is 6.6% and three years, respectively. During the quarter, we repaid $934 million of fixed rate debt that came due. This week, we repaid $2 billion of our floating rate debt, and we intend to maintain this quarterly repayment of debt throughout fiscal 2024. Turning to capital allocation. In the quarter, we paid stockholders $2.4 billion of cash dividends based on a quarterly common stock cash dividend of $5.25 per share. We executed on our plan to complete our remaining share buyback authorization. We repurchased $7.2 billion of our common stock and eliminated $1.1 billion of common stock for taxes due on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the repurchase and elimination of approximately 7.7 million AVGO shares. To help you with modeling share count, the weighted effect of the 54 million shares issued for the VMware acquisition resulted in a sequential increase in Q1 to $478 million. With the Q2 non-GAAP diluted share count expected to increase to approximately $492 million as the shares issued are fully weighted in the second quarter. Now on to guidance. Regardless of the updated dynamics of our semiconductor and software segments as Hock discussed, we choose to reiterate our guidance for fiscal year 2024 consolidated revenue of $50 billion and adjusted EBITDA of 60%. With regard to VMware, in February, we signed a definitive agreement to divest the end-user computing division with the transaction expected to close in 2024, subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals. The EUC division has been classified as discontinued operations in our Q1 financials. We have decided to retain the Carbon Black business and merge Carbon Black with Symantec to form the enterprise security group. The impact on revenue and profitability is not significant. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler.
Harsh Kumar: Yes, thank you, Hock. Once again, tremendous results and tremendous activity that you guys are benefiting from in AI. But my question was on software. I think if I heard you correctly, Hock, you mentioned that your software bookings will rise quite dramatically to $3 billion in 2Q. I was hoping that you could explain to us why it would rise almost 100% up, if my math is correct, in 2Q over 1Q. Is it something simple? Or is it something that you guys are doing from a strategy angle that's making this happen?
Hock Tan: As I indicated, with the acquisition of VMware we're very focused on selling, upselling and helping customers, not just buy but deploy this private cloud what we call virtual private cloud solution or platform on their on-prem data centers. It has been very successful so far. And I agree it's early innings still at this point. We just have closed on the deal -- well, we closed on the deal late November, and we are now March, early March. So we had the benefit of at least three months, but we have been very prepared to launch and focus on this push initiative on private cloud, VCF. And the results has been very much what we expect it to be, which is very, very successful.
Harsh Kumar: Thank you, Hock.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open. 
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Hock, on the AI outlook being revised from greater than $7.5 billion, I think, last quarter to $10 billion plus this quarter. As you mentioned, AI compute pulls your ASICs, but it also pulls your networking, optical, PCIe, connectivity solutions as well. So can you just help us understand like of that $2.5 billion increase in outlook? Is it stronger AI ASIC demand, stronger networking, stronger optical, et cetera. But more importantly, are you also seeing a similar acceleration in your forward ASIC design win pipeline as well?
Hock Tan: There's a lot of questions, a lot of information you want me to disgorge. Let's take them one at a time, shall we. Yes, the increase, as we have said before as we shown before, it's roughly two-thirds, one-third or 70-30, which is AI celebrators which are custom ASIC AI accelerators this. We've a couple of hyperscalers compared to the other components, which are collectively considered as networking components. And it's about 70%, 30% mix. And that increase of almost $3 billion that you mentioned, it's a similar combination.
Harlan Sur: And then are you seeing a similar acceleration on the forward design win pipeline and customer engagements?
Hock Tan: I have indicated that I only have to really only have to say, I don't count anybody. I do not go into production as a rail customer at this point.
Harlan Sur: Okay. Thanks, Hock. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Your line is open. 
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. Hock, on, again, on the over $10 billion for AI, is this still a supply constrained number? Or do you think that this is kind of a very project-driven number, so it's not really supply that gets it. So if you were to get, let's say, increase supply, could there be upside? And then kind of part B of that is, on the switching side, have you already started to see benefits from the 51 terabit per second switches? Is that something that comes along later? Like what is the contribution of 51T to the switching upside that you mentioned for this year?
Hock Tan: Yes. No, our Tomahawk 5 is going great guns. Now it's not driven unlike in the past, Tomawak 3, Tomawak 4 by traditional scale-out in hyperscalers on their cloud environment. This is all largely coming from a scaling out of AI data centers. The building of larger and larger clusters to enable generative AI computing functionality. And you're going for bigger and bigger pipes. Hence, the Tomahawk 5 51 terabit is a perfect solution, and we're seeing a lot of demand. And in many cases, we are basically, they are surpassing the rate of adoption that we had previously thought. So it is a very good solution in connecting GPUs. And with respect to AI accelerators where I think you are focusing on, is that a constraint on supply chain? We do get enough lead time out of our hyperscale customers that we do not have a supply chain constraint.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Your line is open. 
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I had a question on the core software business. So you said VMware for the two months that was in there was $2.1 billion, which would put the rest of the software, CA Symantec and Brocade at like 2.5 almost could be up like 25% sequentially and almost 40% year-over-year. I guess do I have my math right? And if so, like how can that be? What's going on in the core business? And how should we be thinking about the growth of the core business in VMware as we go through the year? Is the VMware still $12 billion or just -- how do we think about that?
Hock Tan: Yes, don't get too excited over that. I think it's certain products, contracts we obtained and -- but it's very strong contract renewals in the older -- from old Broadcom contracts, especially in mainframes were very strong, as was some of our other distributor software platform. So that has also accelerated, but that's not the star of this show, Stacy. Star this show is the accelerating bookings and backlog we are accumulating on VMware.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. So VMware is still running at like an $11 billion to $12 billion run rate benefit. So that sounds like that should accelerate. So the overall for VMware should be more than the $12 billion that you talked about. So the core business, the strength this quarter that was kind of a onetime we could model that kind of like falling off because you've shown at the overall software at 20?
Hock Tan: Correct.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask kind of continuing on the VMware discussion a little bit. Hock, now that you've had the asset for a little while, I'm curious of how you how the go-to-market strategy looks with VMware relative to the prior software acquisitions that you've done. What I'm really getting at is kind of like how have you kind of thought about the segmentation of the customer base of VMware? Are you -- I know there's been some discussion around your channel engagement, VM legacy VMware channel in the past. So I'm just kind of curious of how you've been managing that go-to-market.
Hock Tan: I think now we haven't had it for that long, to be honest. It's like three months, about three months. But yes, it's what -- and it seems to be that things to work out, but things seem to be progressing very well as we had hoped it would. Because where we are focusing our go-to-market -- and more than go to market, where we are focusing our resources on don't just go to market but on engineering a very improved VCF stack, which we have and selling it out there and being able to then support it and in the process that help customers deploy and start to really make it stand up in your data centers. All that focus is on the largest, I would say, 2,000 strategic customers. These are guys who want to still have significant distributed data center on-prem. Many of our customers is looking at a hybrid situation, not trying to use the word too loosely. Basically, a lot of these customers had some very legacy but critical mainframe. That's an old platform not growing, except it's still vital. Then what they have in modernizing workloads cut today and in the future, is they really have a choice, which they are taking both angles of running a lot of applications in data centers on-prem distributed data centers on-prem, which can handle these modernized workloads while at the same time to -- because of elastic demand, to be able to also put some of these applications into public cloud. Today's environment, most of these customers do not have an on-prem data center that resembles what's in the cloud, which is very high availability, very low latency, highly resilient, which is one we are offering with VMware Cloud Foundation of VCF. It's exactly replicate what they get in a public cloud. And they love it. Now three months. But we are seeing it in the level of bookings we are generating over the last three months.
Aaron Rakers: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citi. Your line is open. 
Chris Danely: Thanks, for letting me ask question. I have just a question on the AI upside in terms of a customer perspective. How much of the upside is coming from new versus existing customers? And then how do you see the customer base going forward? I think it's going to broaden. And we know how you like to price. So if you do get a bunch of new customers for these products, could there be some better pricing and better margins as well? Hopefully, they're not listening to the call.
Hock Tan: Chris, thanks for this question. Love it. Because perhaps let me try to perhaps give you a sense how we think of the AI market, the new generative AI market, so to speak, using it very loosely and generically as well. It's really -- we see it as two broad segments. One segment is hyperscalers, especially very large hyperscalers with huge, huge consumer subscriber base. You probably can guess who this few people are, very large subscriber base and very -- an almost infinite amount of data.  And their model is getting subscribers to keep using this platform they have. And through that, be able to generate a better experience for not only the subscribers, but a better advertising opportunity for their advertising clients. It's a great ROI as we are seeing ROI that comes very quickly. And the investment continues vigorously with those -- with that segment, comprising very few players. But we will choose subscriber base, but with the scale to invest a lot. And here, ASICs custom silicon, custom AI accelerators makes plenty of sense and that's where we focus that attention on. They also buy as a scale out those AI accelerators, through clusters increasing large clusters because of the way the models are running, the foundation models run and large language models need to generate those parameters. They buy a lot of networking together with it. But in comparison, obviously, to the value of AI accelerators we sell. Now the network working side, while growing its small percentage compared to the size, the value of the accelerators. That's one big segment we have. The other segment we have, which is smaller is the enterprise, what I broadly call enterprise segment in AI. Here, you're talking about companies, large not so large, but large who wants to do -- who have AI initiatives going on. All these big news and hype about AI being the savior to productivity and all that gets all these companies on multiple on their own initiatives. And here, short of going to public cloud, they're trying to run it on-prem. If they try to run it on-prem, they take standard silicon for an AI accelerators as much as possible. And here, in terms of the AI accelerator, we don't have a market. That's the merchant silicon market. But in the networking side as they tie it together with their data centers, they do buy all those are -- our networking components beginning with switches, routers even through people like Arista 7800 but switches for sure, and the various other components I mentioned. And that's a different sense market that we have. So it's an interesting mix, and we see both.
Chris Danely: Thanks a lot, Hock. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Karl Ackerman: Yes, thank you. Hock, weakness in broadband, server and storage customers is understandable given what your peers have said this earnings season. But perhaps you could speak to the backlog visibility you have with your customers in those markets that would indicate those markets could begin to order again and see sequential growth in the second half through the calendar year? Thank you.
Hock Tan: You're correct. We are -- as I say, we are almost like near the trough. This year, '24, first half, for sure, will be the trough. Second half 24, don't know yet. But I tell you what, we have 52-week lead time, as you know. We are very disciplined in sticking to it. And based on that, we are seeing bookings lately, significantly up from bookings a year ago.
Karl Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Your line is open. 
Christopher Rolland: Thanks for the question. So Hock, this one is for you on optical. So, our checks suggest that you're vertically integrating there. You're now putting in your own drivers, TIAs, you're starting to get traction in PAM4 DSP. And I think you kind of had an early lead in 100-gig data center lasers as well. And this is -- a lot of this should be on the back of AI networking that appears to be exploding here. So I was wondering if you could help us size the market and then also talk about how fast this is growing for you. I think there may have been some clues in that one-third number the AI you gave us, but perhaps if you can kind of double click or square that for us, it would be great. Thanks. 
Hock Tan: Okay. Before you get carried away, please, and those in the other categories outside AI accelerators, all those things that PAM-4, DSPs, optical components, retirements. They are small compared to Tomahawk switches and Jericho routers using AI networks. And also being in an environment where, as you all know, traditional enterprise networking is kind of also in a bit of a slowdown now.  So always think, it's demand driven very much by AI. And that tends to push us in a line of thinking that could be very biased because what it is showing is that the mix and the content on networking relative to compute, is very skewed very different from -- in an AI data center compared to a traditional CPU-based data center. So I don't want to get you guys all in the wrong way. But you're right, in the AI data center, there's a lot of -- there's quite a bit of content on DSPs, PAM4s, optical components and retirements and PCI Express switches. But they are still not that big in the overall scheme of things compared to what we sell in switches and routers. And compared to AI accelerators, they are even small, I think in that ratio. As I said, AI revenue of $10 billion plus this year, 70% would be AI accelerators. 30%, everything else. And within that everything else, 30% or so, I would say more than half of that 30%, more like 20% are the switches and routers. And the rest are other various retirement DSP components because we are not -- unlike what you said, we're not vertically integrated in the sense we do not do the entire transceiver the optical transceiver. We don't do that. Those are manufactured typically by OEM contract manufacturers like in online, Eoptolink guys in China. Where those guys are much more competitive, but we provide those key components we talk about. So when you look at it that way, you can understand the kind of the weighting of the various values.
Christopher Rolland: Super helpful. Thank you, Hock. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Toshiya Hari: Hi, thank you for taking the question. Hock, I think we all appreciate the capabilities you have in terms of custom compute. I asked this question last quarter on the group call back. But there is one competitor based in Asia, who continues to be pretty vocal and adamant that one of the future designs at your largest customer, they may have some share and we're picking up conflicting evidence, and we're getting a bunch of investor questions. I was hoping you could address that and your confidence level in sort of maintaining, if not extending your position there? Thank you. 
Hock Tan: You know, I can't stop somebody from trash talking, okay? It's the best way to describe it. Let the numbers speak for themselves, please, and leave it that way. And I add to it like most things we do in terms of large critical technology products. We tend to always have, as we do here, a very deep strategic and multiyear relationship with our customer.
Toshiya Hari: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is open. 
Vijay Rakesh: Yes, hi, Hock. Just on the custom silicon side, obviously, you guys dominate that space. But you mentioned two customers, only two major customers. But just wondering what's really holding back other hyperscalers from ramping up their custom silicon side. And on the flip side, you're hearing some peers talk about custom silicon road maps as well, so if you could hit both? Thanks. 
Hock Tan: Well, number one, we don't dominate this market. I only have two. I cant be dominating it, too and number one. Number two, the second point is very -- it takes years. It takes a lot of heavy lifting to create that custom silicon because you need to do more than just hardware of silicon to really have a solution for generative AI or even AI in trying to create those AI capabilities in our data centers. It's more than just silicon.  You have to invest a lot in creating software models that works on your custom silicon that matches. You've got to match your business model in the first place, which leads to and create foundation models which then needs to work and optimize on the custom silicon you are developing. So it's an iterative process. And it's a constant evolving process even for the same customer we deal with. I mentioned that in the last call.  So it takes years to really understand or to be able to basically reach a point where you can say that, hey, I'm finally delivering production worthy -- and it's not because silicon is bad. It's because it doesn't work well with the foundation models that the customer put in place and a software layer that works with it, the firmware, the software layer that translates into it. All that has to work you are almost like creating an entire ecosystem on -- in a limited basis, which we are recognized very well in x86 CPUs, but in GPUs, those kind of AI accelerators is something still very early stage. So it takes years. And for our two customers, we have engaged for years. With one of them, we have engaged for eight years to get to this point. So it's something you have to be very patient, persevere and hope that everything lines up because ultimate success, if you are just a silicon developer, it's not just dependent on you, but dependent as much even more on your partner or customer doing it. So just got to be patient guys. I got the two only so far.
Vijay Rakesh: And on the peers getting into that market?
Hock Tan: Who is getting to the market, please repeat?
Vijay Rakesh: You talked about some of your peers like I think NVIDIA has been talking about entering the custom silicon market. Just your thoughts around that, yes.
Hock Tan: Oh, custom silicon market. I have no comment to be made on it. All I do say is I have no interest in going into a market where -- we have a philosophy in running our business, Broadcom. And maybe other people have a different philosophy. Let me tell you my simple philosophy, which I've articulated over time, every now and then, which is very clear to my management team and to the whole Broadcom.  You do what you're good at. And you do -- you keep doubling down on things you know you are better than anybody else. And you just keep doubling down because nobody else will catch up to you if you keep running in of the pack. But do not do something that you think you can do, but somebody else is doing much better job than you are. That's my philosophy.
Vijay Rakesh: Thanks, Hock. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay with TD Cowen. Your line is open. 
Matt Ramsay : Thank you very much for squeezing me in guys. Just kind of a 2-part thing on the custom silicon stuff. I guess, Hock, if some of the merchant leaders in AI who are interested in some custom networking stuff from you either in switching routing would you consider it? And the second question is for Kirsten. The business model around custom silicon for most folks is taking our e-payments upfront and sell the end product at a lower gross margin, but a higher operating margin and you guys have wrapped this massive custom business with no real impact to gross margin. So maybe you could just unpack the philosophy and the accounting about the way that you guys approach the custom silicon opportunities just from a margin perspective? Thanks guys. 
Hock Tan: I'll take that, because you're asking business model, you're not asking really number crunching. So let me try to answer in this way. No, there's no particular reason shot of what constitutes an AI accelerator. An AI accelerator, the way it's configured now, whether it's a merchant or its customer has a -- for AI accelerator to run foundation models very well needs not just a whole bunch of loads of floating point multipliers to do matrix multiplication, matrix analysis on regression. That's the logic part, compute part. It comes -- you have to come with access to a lot of memory, literally almost cash memory tied to it. The chip is not just a simple multiplier. It has -- it comes attached to memory. It's almost a layer 3-dimensional chip, which it is. Memory is not something we -- any of us in AI accelerators are super good at designing or building. So we buy the memory from very specialized high-bandwidth memory, you all know about that, from key memory suppliers. Every one of us does that. So you parted combine the two together, that's what an AI accelerator is.  So even if I get very good net corporate silicon gross margin on mine compute, logic chip on multipliers. There's no way I can apply that kind of add-on margin to the high-bandwidth memory, which is a big part of the cost of the total chip. And so naturally, by simple math, it will -- that hold an entire consolidated AI accelerator brings a gross margin below on a traditional silicon product we have out there. No going away from that because you are adding on memory, even though we have to create the excess, the IOs that attach in, we do not and could not justify adding that kind of margin to memory, Nobody could, for us. So it brings a natural lower margin. That's really the simple basis to it. But on the logic part of it, sure, with the kind of content with the kind of IP that we develop cutting edge to make those high-density floating point multipliance [ph] on 800 square millimeters of advanced silicon we can command the margin similar to our corporate gross margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Your line is open. 
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. First, a housekeeping one, if I could, Hock. You mentioned the second customer as customer, but you also mentioned that it takes years of work iteratively. I mean you can -- anybody has looked at the TPU history, I guess, understands that. So -- and you've said before that it takes time to ramp it up. But maybe you could give us a little bit of color of phenomenal growth in your custom silicon products. Is much or a material part of that coming from your second customer and taking into account the low revenue number, is the growth rate, generally speaking, fairly comparable? And then I had a question about VMware.
Hock Tan: You better go on to VMware customers. And because on the first -- I don't tell about my customer individually, sorry.
Edward Snyder: Okay. Okay, never mind. That's a waste of time. So closing VMware held kind of a significant shift in your software strategy from focus on the largest 1,000 or so customers to hundreds of thousands now. Why should we expect once you get through, I don't say, the low-hanging fruit of selling into the, like you mentioned, the first 1,000 customers with the VCF product that your OpEx is a share of sales, firstly, in sales and marketing would start to increase because that's the big leverage Broadcom has had over almost all your acquisitions in software, and that seems to be changing now?
Hock Tan: We have a shift here. And it's interesting. You're right, now we've got. We are spending more on go-to-market and support because we have a lot of customers with VMware. They are 300,000, but we stratify. So we have the strategic guys. We sell, upsell VC private cloud very good. But the long tail of what we call smaller commercial customers, we continue to support and sell improved versions of just vSphere compute virtualization to improve productivity on their service.  We don't attempt to say, go build up your whole VCM. They don't have the skills, don't have the scale to do it. But only it adds up you're right, costs of my spend, OpEx spend, be it support services, go-to-market will increase. But the difference between that and, say, CA, under acquisition we did is we're growing this business very fast. And you don't have to increase your spend growing this business. So we have operating leverage through revenue growth over the next three years.
Edward Snyder: Great. If I could squeeze one more in. You'd mentioned several times actually in the last quarter that there were two divisions you're going to divest including Carbon Black, and that's changed. What has changed? Is the market outlook kind of softened and you just wait and see? Or did you change your strategy and how you're going to integrate? I'm just curious why last quarter, you said you probably get rid of it in months and now you're keeping it.
Hock Tan: Well, we find now that we could generate more value to you, the shareholders. I assume you are -- I'm just kidding, but we would generate more value to our shareholders by taking Carbon Black, which is not that big and integrating it, Symantec, that by doing it, we would generate much better value to our shareholders than taking a one-shot divestiture on this asset, not particularly large to begin with.
Edward Snyder: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, just in the interest of time, I would now like to turn the call back over to Ji Yoo for closing remarks.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator. In closing, we would like to highlight our Broadcom enabling AI an Infrastructure Investor Meeting on Wednesday, March 20, 2024, at 9:00 a.m. Pacific 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time. Charlie Kawwas, President of Broadcom's Semiconductor Solutions Group and several General Managers will present on Broadcom's merchant silicon portfolio. The live webcast and replay of the investor meeting will be available at investors.broadcom.com. Broadcom currently plans to report its earnings for the second quarter of fiscal '24, after close of market on Wednesday, June 12, 2024. A public webcast that Broadcom's earnings conference call will follow at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time. That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Operator, you may end the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-12-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc.s Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Head of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc. The floor is yours.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on todays call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; and Charlie Kawwas, President, Semiconductor Solutions Group. Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables after the market closed, describing our financial performance for the fourth quarter fiscal year 2023. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcoms website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and an audio replay of the call can be accessed for one year through the Investors section of Broadcoms website. During the prepared comments, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023 results, guidance for our fiscal year 2024, as well as commentary regarding the business environment. Well take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Ill now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ji, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. In our fiscal Q4 2023, consolidated net revenue was $9.3 billion, up 4% year-on-year and very much as we had guided at the last conference call. Semiconductor solutions revenue increased 3% year-on-year to $7.3 billion, and infrastructure software revenue grew 7% year-on-year to $2 billion. Overall, while infrastructure software remains very stable, semiconductor is continuing the cyclical slowdown at enterprises and telcos that we have been seeing over the past six months. However, hyperscalers remain strong. Generative AI revenue, driven by Ethernet solutions and custom AI accelerators, represented close to $1.5 billion in Q4 or 20% of semiconductor revenue, while the rest of the semiconductor revenue continued to be rather stable at around $6 billion. Moving on to results for the year. For fiscal 2023, consolidated revenue hit a record $35.8 billion, growing 8% year-on-year. And since 2020, even though we have not made an acquisition, we have shown a robust trajectory of growth, driven by semiconductor growing at an 18% CAGR over the past three years. In fiscal 2023, operating profit grew by 9% year-on-year, and our free cash flow grew 8% year-on-year to $17.6 billion or 49% of revenue. We returned $13.5 billion in cash to our shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks. As you well know, we just closed the acquisition of VMware on November 22, just about four weeks into Broadcoms fiscal 2024. We are now refocusing VMware on its core business of creating private and hybrid cloud environments among large enterprises globally and divesting noncore assets. Reflecting the consolidation of a restructured VMware into our 2024 outlook, we forecast our fiscal year 24 consolidated revenue to be $50 billion. We expect the integration to take about a year and will require close to $1 billion in transition spending, which will largely be done as we exit fiscal 24. Regardless, we expect our fiscal year 2024 adjusted EBITDA to be approximately 60% of revenue. Kirsten will give you more details in her section. Now, let me give you more color on our two reporting segments, and Ill start with software. In Q4, as you know, theres no VMware revenue and the infrastructure software business of CA, Symantec and Brocade grew 7% year-on-year to $2 billion. Consolidated renewal rates averaged 119% over expiring contracts. And in our strategic accounts, we actually averaged 130%. Over 90% of the renewal value represented recurring subscription and maintenance. For the year, renewal rates averaged 116% over expiring contracts and in strategic accounts, we averaged 124%. Revenue in fiscal 2023 was $7.6 billion, up 3% year-on-year and our expectation for fiscal 24 is for this revenue to be $8 billion, which is 4% year-on-year. For the s2024 outlook, we are excited to now include VMware. As we all know, VMware has the leading technology to virtualize entire data centers, not just compute, and by doing so, create private cloud on-prem. Our strategy going forward is simply to enable global enterprises to run their applications across the other data centers as well as on public clouds by consuming VMwares higher-value software stack. And to attract and keep these workloads across the environment, we are investing in a rich catalog of microservices tools. This will be our focus. And the noncore businesses of end-user computing and Carbon Black will be divested. So for 2024, based on 11 months of contribution from VMware, we expect VMware to contribute $12 billion in revenue. And on a consolidated basis, we expect our infrastructure software revenue in 2024 to be $20 billion. Turning now to the semiconductor segment. Let me give you more color by end markets. Q4 networking revenue of $3.1 billion grew 23% year-on-year, representing 42% of our semiconductor revenue. This was primarily driven by strong demand from hyperscalers for our custom AI accelerators and as well for our networking switches, routers and NICs, Network Interface Cards, dedicated towards scaling our AI data centers. As you know, even as Ethernet is the standard protocol in front-end networks, hyperscalers are also deploying Ethernet predominantly in their AI networks. In fiscal 23, networking revenue grew 21% year-on-year to $10.8 billion. If we exclude the AI accelerators, networking connectivity represented about $8 billion, and this is purely silicon, not systems, not cable nor subsystems. In fiscal 2024, we expect networking revenue to grow 30% year-on-year, driven by accelerating deployment of networking connectivity and expansion of AI accelerators in hyperscalers. Moving to wireless. Consistent with the seasonal launch by our North American customers, Q4 wireless revenue of $2 billion increased 23% sequentially and declined 3% year-on-year, representing 27% of semiconductor revenue. In fiscal 23, wireless revenue was relatively flat at $7.3 billion, just down 2% year-on-year. The engagement with our North American customers continues to be deep, strategic and multiyear. And accordingly, in fiscal 24, we expect wireless revenue to again remain stable year-on-year. Next, our Q4 server storage connectivity revenue was $1 billion or 14% of semiconductor revenue and down 17% year-on-year. In fiscal 23, server storage connectivity was $4.5 billion, up 11% year-on-year. And going to fiscal 24, we expect server storage revenue to decline mid- to high-teens percentage year-on-year, driven by the cyclical weakness that began late 23. And moving on to broadband. Q4 revenue declined 9% year-on-year to $950 million, in line with expectations and represented 13% of semiconductor revenue. And in fiscal 23, broadband revenue was $4.5 billion and up 8% year-on-year. Moving on to fiscal 24, we expect broadband revenue to be down low- to mid-teens percentage year-on-year and reflecting, again, the further slowdown as the cyclical weakness at service providers that began in late 23 continues into fiscal 24. And finally, Q4 industrial sales of $236 million was stable year-on-year. In fiscal 23, industrial resales were $962 million. In fiscal 24, we expect industrial resales to be down low single digits year-on-year. So in summary, fiscal 23 semiconductor solutions revenue was up 9% year-on-year to $28.2 billion. Revenue from generative AI in fiscal 23 reached 15% of semiconductor revenue, in line with our expectation. And moving on to fiscal 24, we forecast semiconductor solutions revenue to be up mid- to high-single-digit percent year-on-year. We expect revenue from generative AI to represent more than 25% of the semiconductor revenue, consistent with prior guidance, which more than offset the lack of growth from non-AI semiconductor revenue. With the consolidation of VMware, bringing our Infrastructure Software segment revenue to $20 billion and the semiconductor segment holding at mid-high single digit growth year-on-year, we are, therefore, guiding our fiscal 24 revenue to be $50 billion, which represents 40% year-on-year growth from fiscal 23. With that, let me turn the call over to Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our Q4 financial performance. Consolidated revenue was $9.3 billion for the quarter, up 4% from a year ago. Gross margins were 74.3% of revenue in the quarter, in line with our expectations. Operating expenses were $1.2 billion, flat year-on-year. R&D of $940 million was also stable year-on-year. Operating income for the quarter was $5.7 billion and was up 4% from a year ago, with operating margin at 62% of revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $6 billion or 65% of revenue, in line with expectations. This figure excludes $124 million of depreciation. Now, a review of the P&L for our two segments, starting with our semiconductor segment. Revenue for our semiconductor solutions segment was $7.3 billion and represented 79% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 3% year-on-year. Gross margins for our semiconductor solutions segment were approximately 70%, down 110 basis points year-on-year driven primarily by product mix within our semiconductor end markets. Operating expenses were stable year-on-year at $822 million, resulting in operating profit growth of 2% year-on-year and semiconductor operating margins of 58%. Now, moving on to our infrastructure software segment. Revenue for infrastructure software was $2 billion, up 7% year-on-year and represented 21% of revenue. Gross margins for infrastructure software were 92% in the quarter, and operating expenses were $339 million in the quarter. Q4 operating profit grew 12% year-on-year with infrastructure software operating margin at 75%. Now moving on to cash flow. Free cash flow in the quarter was $4.7 billion and represented 51% of revenues in Q4. We spent $105 million on capital expenditures. Days sales outstanding were 31 days in the fourth quarter compared to 30 days in the third. We ended the fourth quarter with inventory of $1.9 billion, up 3% sequentially. We continue to remain disciplined on how we manage inventory across the ecosystem. We exited the quarter with 76 days of inventory on hand, down 80 days in Q3. We ended the fourth quarter with $14.2 billion of cash and $39.2 billion of gross debt, of which $1.6 billion is short term. Now let me recap our financial performance for fiscal 2023. Our revenue hit a record $35.8 billion, growing 8% year-on-year. Semiconductor revenue was $28.2 billion, up 9% year-over-year. Infrastructure software revenue was $7.6 billion, up 3% year-on-year. Gross margin for the year was 74.7%, down 90 basis points from a year ago. Operating expenses were $4.6 billion, down 4% year-on-year. Fiscal 2023 operating income was $22.1 billion, up 9% year-over-year and represented 62% of net revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $23.2 billion, up 10% year-over-year and represented 65% of net revenue. This figure excludes $502 million of depreciation. We spent $452 million on capital expenditures, and free cash flow grew 8% year-on-year to $17.6 billion or 49% of fiscal 2023 revenue. Now, turning to capital allocation. For fiscal 2023, we spent $15.3 billion, consisting of $7.6 billion in the form of cash dividends and $7.7 billion in share repurchases and eliminations. We ended the year with $7.2 billion of authorized share repurchase programs remaining. With the VMware deal closed, we have resumed repurchasing shares under our existing program. In fiscal year 2024, including the incremental shares from the acquisition of VMware and excluding the potential impact of any share repurchases, we expect the non-GAAP diluted share count to be approximately 494 million. Aligned with our ability to generate increased cash flows in the preceding year and now off of a larger share count base from the acquisition of VMware, we are announcing an increase in our quarterly common stock cash dividend in Q1 fiscal 2024 to $5.25 per share, an increase of 14% from the prior quarter. We intend to maintain this target quarterly dividend throughout fiscal 24 subject to quarterly Board approval. This implies our fiscal 2024 annual common stock dividend to be a record $21 per share. I would like to highlight that this represents the 13th consecutive increase in annual dividends since we initiated dividends in fiscal 2011. Now on to guidance. As Hock discussed, with the recent closing of our VMware acquisition and the integration process, which will take at least one year, for fiscal 2024, we will provide our outlook for the full year instead of quarterly guidance. Based on current business trends and conditions, our guidance for fiscal year 2024 is for consolidated revenues of $50 billion. Within this, our fiscal year 2024 semiconductor revenue is expected to grow mid- to high-single-digit percent year-on-year. Our fiscal year 2024 infrastructure software segment revenue from continuing operations is expected to be $20 billion, including $8 billion from CA, Symantec Enterprise and Brocade and $12 billion from VMware. With regard to VMware, our forecast for fiscal 24 revenue of $12 billion reflects 11 months of contribution from VMware. This does not include revenue from EUC and Carbon Black of approximately $2 billion, which we plan to divest. We are also converting an installed base of licenses that is over 60% perpetual today to one that will be mostly subscription by the end of fiscal 2024. Offsetting these, our new strategy for VMware will accelerate revenue growth over the next three years. During fiscal 24, we expect to incur about $1 billion of spend related to transitioning VMware into the new Broadcom model. This transition spending will be largely completed by the end of the fiscal year as our VMware spending run rate exits fiscal 24 at approximately $1.4 billion per quarter, down 40% from a year ago. So, in fiscal year 2024, including VMware, we expect consolidated adjusted EBITDA of approximately 60% of projected revenue. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Hock, so yesterday, one of your peers suggested that the market for AI accelerators could be as large as $400 billion. So kind of three related questions. What do you think about that number? And then number two, how does Broadcom participate in that, just beyond your large kind of ASIC project on the compute offload side? And then what does this larger AI accelerator market imply for your Ethernet networking business? I assume that they are correlated, but what is the right way to think about what is presumably a much larger market for accelerators and how it impacts Broadcoms growth prospect?
Hock Tan: Thank you for those very interesting questions. Starting with the first part, I mean, its -- what were seeing is a market that continues to grow, to accelerate. What is also very obvious is its very, very dynamic as architectures of large language models, software models continues to change, I mean, literally change on the fly. We are also seeing the requirements for compute silicon change. And its very interesting, very fascinating for us, but it also presents quite an interesting opportunity, which is to say that if a customer has a business model that is substantial and have resources which obviously supports that, is getting to a stage that it might make a lot of sense to design AI compute engines, which comprises memory as well as the compute engine itself, then that can be tailored or better word, customized for their particular requirements on applications, on their particular LLM model. And were seeing this as we all are seeing LLM models continue to change and the face -- the shape of generative AI dynamically change more and more, where training and inference are now starting to, in a way, converge and the chip designs are changing. And we are seeing that in the way we design specific custom chips for hyperscalers. Thats interesting. So thats a very interesting opportunity for us. And as I indicated in my remarks, we see that revenue as part of networking revenue, $4 billion and networking -- AI networks and going -- doubling almost during 2024. Nothing new. We have said that before. And if anything else, we are reinforcing that particular guidance. Now, networking is particularly interesting as you heard in my opening remarks. It is accelerating as fast as our AI accelerators, the compute engines are growing. And we see that growing hand in hand and particularly so as training -- continuous training of very large language models with very different and very large parameters keep going on and things keep changing. So were seeing no slowdown, in fact, in the update on building out this AI networks. If anything else on average, we are seeing a doubling on size of those networks across the board. So, thats -- to your answer question. Yes, I fully concur with AMD, when they indicate that it looks like demand appears to be accelerating rather than staying stable or decelerating.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Just a quick clarification on the question. The clarification is, is the fiscal year guidance going to be the new protocol, or is that just this quarter? And then the real question, Hock, is on the VMware side of things, Kirsten talked about it potentially accelerating off of that $12 billion base. Can you just talk about the linearity of it maybe throughout the year, or more importantly, how is it going to be accelerating as people start to look at what the VMware Street estimates were before. We know we have to take out the two divested operations. But what are the drivers of acceleration? And how should we consider the magnitude of that as we look forward?
Hock Tan: Yes. We are very -- we are in a very interesting, very exciting situation here as we move into the next chapter of VMware. As I said, we focus the business on VMware Cloud Foundation, which is the full software stack that virtualizes data centers on-prem, not totally [ph] virtualize it, a cloud environment, and we are converting more and more customers step-by-step as they come up for renewal into this higher value stack, and were doing it on a subscription basis. So become very focused. So we will kick it off at a much lower rate -- because subscription generally brings down revenues, as you know, in software based on revenue recognition. But we see a trajectory of accelerated growth even in 2024 -- through 2024. And it just doesnt stop there because its the math and the trajectory. And to answer your question, youre right, we are accelerating from $12 billion, and were probably seeing a double-digit growth for the next three years, just by sheer math of selling that higher value virtualization stack versus the very loose component sales in the past, particularly on compute only.
Ross Seymore: And on the fiscal year side, is this a one quarter thing, or is this the new way you guys are going to be doing it?
Hock Tan: Well, thats a good question. Well, we will -- just to give you an indication, in 2024 because its an accelerating trend, our view is that its more appropriate and more relevant to getting you guys a sense of where were headed to get to turn it to an annual guidance for 24. And we will report results every quarter and update our annual guidance 24 each time we report the quarterly actuals.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: One quick housekeeping item question. So, even off the lower revenue base starting in fiscal 24 for VMware, is the team still targeting $8.5 billion-plus of EBITDA in three years? And then for my main question, Hock. As you mentioned, right, one of the fastest growing workloads in accelerated compute is accelerated compute and generative AI. And all of these workloads are increasing at an exponential rate. You talked about the benefits to your silicon franchise. But given the significant performance requirements of these workloads, right, training, inference, it appears that more of the near-term adoption of running these workloads is on bare metal, GPU, TPU, accelerated servers. So, how is the team exploiting a software-defined data center solutions via either cloud foundations or Tanzu to try to help customers focus on AI sort of drive better utilization, better economics, faster deployments on this very fast growing part of the market?
Hock Tan: Well, as you may be aware, in the last VM Explore in Las Vegas, VMware came out and announced in partnership with NVIDIA, the VMware Private AI Cloud Foundation. Another way of describing it is, the VMware Cloud Foundation Software Stack, the whole VCF stack runs NVIDIA coder, runs the NVIDIA GPU. That is the partnership. So, if youre an enterprise, its a very easy step to get into gen AI analytics because the data center that you as an enterprise own on-prem that runs VCF will by default run the NVIDIA GPU software stack as well. Another way to put it, it virtualizes the NVIDIA GPU. Thats the VMware software stack as well. So its a very strong attraction in our -- from our perspective to, in fact, accelerate thinking of a lot of enterprise to adopting the whole VCF site. Its simply because not only does it virtualize the data centers and make your data on-prem data center much more resilient, easier to manage, lower cost to manage, it has the added benefit, a big attraction this is of being able to right away start running AI workloads.
Harlan Sur: And then, just on my first question, are you guys still targeting $8.5 billion of EBITDA in three years on VMware?
Hock Tan: As Kirsten indicated, as we exit fiscal 24, we are practically at a run rate of $8.5 billion EBITDA.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon: Kirsten, along that line, I was wondering if youre going to do 60% EBITDA margin for the Company for the full year, how should we think about the beginning and exit rates on EBITDA margin relative to that full year total? And I guess, aligned with that, I think I heard you say you -- that VMware OpEx would be down 40% exiting the year versus the entry trade. Im actually kind of surprised its not down more. Maybe thats the reinvestment. But is that $1.4 billion per quarter for VMware, thats the right exit rate going for VMware OpEx? And should we sort of go off of that or what?
Kirsten Spears: Thats VMware spending. So thats total spending.
Hock Tan: Yes, it will be. But, let me tell you, Stacy, youre missing the biggest point. We are on a -- as I indicated to an earlier question by Vivek, I think, our revenue during this process, even 12 months, 4 quarters, is on the growth trajectory, just because of the way the math works. As we sell more and is on revenue, and we recognize revenue on a ratable basis, our revenue on a quarterly basis is on a growth trajectory. That will keep running and will keep running beyond 2024. But 2024 by itself wont be on a revenue trajectory that goes up very rapidly. So what you have think about picture is, is a revenue trajectory in 24 that is expanding or growing while the expense -- operating expense, total spend because of reduction of transition expenses is declining. And thats why we are telling you that by the end of -- as we exit fiscal 24, we pretty much get to the guidance we gave you at the beginning of when we announced this deal.
Stacy Rasgon: So whats the total company EBITDA margin, say, exiting the year then, just to level set?
Hock Tan: Well, thats a total -- we will get pretty close to where we are supposed to, before we started this whole exercise.
Stacy Rasgon: What was that 65%? I cant remember.
Hock Tan: Its somewhere between 60% and 65%. How does that sound, Stacy?
Stacy Rasgon: I mean you did say 65% on it. I think I recall you saying you were going to run VMware at 65%. So I guess, 65% is the right exit rate?
Hock Tan: At steady state, youre right. At steady state, well get to pretty close to 65% on VMware.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Hock, in the language for the approvals from China, they noted some restrictive conditions and there were some protections around some sensitive information from your competitors. Can you detail what these are? And does this change your view on the synergies you can drive, either cost or more importantly, revenue? Thanks.
Hock Tan: No. I think those conditions are pretty well laid out in the website of the relevant authorities. I frankly dont think that its very appropriate for me to sit here and repeat all those conditions again. Its right on the website, and thats what it is.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. And it doesnt make you think any differently about the synergies that you can drive from the business?
Hock Tan: No.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks for the question. Congrats on the quarter and closing the VMware deal. I guess, cost of capital has increased since VMware -- since the announcement of the deal. And now that this is closed, I guess, does this affect how you look at your capital allocation strategy going forward? It sounds like you bounced -- you bumped the divi here and you restarted your share repurchase now that its closed. Are you going to focus more on repurchases, or is it still same old Broadcom with acquisitions in mind as you delever?
Kirsten Spears: Always with acquisitions in mind, were continuing our share repurchase program that we promised. So thats -- were definitely buying back shares. Yes, as being Broadcom, well delever quickly. So, well keep everything in mind essentially.
Hock Tan: Chris, to expand a bit on that. We acquired VMware with part of cash because it took longer. So we got ourselves some part of cash. And with that flexibility, not only are we able to give dividends to the new shareholders from VMware side, we are continuing to complete the commitment we make to you, the shareholders, to -- for the rest of fiscal -- for the rest of calendar 23 to buy back that $7 million of shares out there.
Christopher Rolland: Great. Thanks. And maybe a quick follow-up. Thoughts on just why you didnt offer next quarter in favor of the full year? And if you had any thoughts on the shape of revenue for next year, whether its back half loaded significantly or pretty linear?
Hock Tan: We just bought a company thats pretty sizable. We are restructuring the business model and were changing, among other things, the business model to a subscription business model, as Kirsten said. And we see therefore that trajectory of the revenue -- a sharp trajectory of growth for the revenue just by sheer conversion to subscription and the fact that we are also upselling a higher-value product. The combination of that and the new -- in fact its company, we -- makes it more -- much more sensible, lets put it this way, for us to be able to give you a full year number than a three-month guidance. Because spending -- transition spending might slip, might accelerate, revenue might accelerate, might slip. And giving ourselves three months to tell you what it is, especially on a new environment to us, its not very, very, I call it -- we are not being good to you guys, the shareholders. But for the full year, I think we have hell a lot more confidence we will attain those endpoints at the exit.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hock, I had a question on the semiconductor business and specifically on the non-AI side of things for both networking and server storage connectivity. As you noted, youre obviously going through a cyclical correction. Historically, youve had a pretty good understanding of where customer inventory is. And when we simply look at their balance sheets for the public companies, inventory is pretty elevated, particularly on the networking side. What is your interpretation of where inventory is for your products? And how should we think about the timing and pace of recovery as you look into 2024? Thank you.
Hock Tan: On our books, you can see inventory for our products is pretty damn good, right, especially compared to our peers, and thats because we keep it tight. Out in customers, and we dont sell through channels, we dont sell much through channels. We usually do a lot of it direct to our logic customers. We feel they are in good shape, relatively speaking. We are still in good shape. Now, if you ask me, maybe server storage, that could be a little excessive, but not broadband and certainly not in networking. So overall, on our products, we still feel rather good about it. And the best indication is the level of our own inventory on our own books. But what we do see is customers are perhaps much more cautious about buying more stuff, not just because they have too much of my inventory, I think because they have too much of everybody else inventory out there. We tend to see some caution in the way they choose to buy. Having said that, were still keeping to our lead times.
Toshiya Hari: And Hock, any comment on sort of the timing or the shape of the recovery in 24?
Hock Tan: If only I know. I mean, Ill be speculating to say second half of 24 things will start looking better compared to the first half of 24.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas.
Karl Ackerman: Hock, I was hoping you may discuss the reason for divesting EUC and Carbon Black. And maybe more importantly, as you think about the growth rate off this $12 billion, Kirsten, could you discuss the opportunity you see in front of you as DRAM memory pooling brought in from the adoption of CXL within data centers that would seem to be a very big opportunity for VMware? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Yes. What was the first question again? Sorry. Okay. Why do I chose to sell End-User Computing and Carbon Black? Those are good assets. Lets make no mistake. They are very sustaining. They are very stable, good assets. And why we chose to sell them is typically our playbook. We focus very much so on -- in any acquisition where we see the biggest value for our business model. And basically, we then do not want to be distracted by noncore focus. And VMware for us is about core. Its about data centers, its about core networks and core compute. And so, were now going to invest and focus our sales and R&D on those core areas of VMware Cloud Foundation. And to us, End-User Computing, Carbon Black, good assets as they may be, we prefer now to divest them. Well find good homes for them because there are a lot of very interested parties who are more than happy to take those assets. And well be very, very thoughtful about where we put those assets eventually, simply because the customers of many of these two assets, many of the customers are also the same customers to the VMware Cloud Foundation.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Matt Ramsay with TD Cowen.
Matt Ramsay: Hock, I guess Ill caveat my question saying that Im a semiconductor guy rather than a software expert. But I wanted to ask about the plan to convert the VMware customer base to subscription models and contrast that with what you guys did with CA and Symantec. So, are there -- do you feel like the process is going to be pretty similar in duration and success, or are there differences in maybe the customer base, the length of the long tail outside the sort of Fortune 1000, the type of technologies there? Are there any similarities or differences in the plan there that we should sort of think about and what that might mean for how quickly you can convert that business? Thanks.
Hock Tan: No. These are very different assets, not saying anyone necessarily much better than the other, just different. In CA, particularly where were mainframe but also some distributors, we focus very much especially on core customer base, which represented at that time, we bought 70% of the overall revenue of those -- CA. We focus on these customers. We focus on supporting them and theyre continuing to basically give them really good support, feature request growth in the area. And thats how we then and -- we focus on Symantec too, which is a small core group of customers. And a big part of it is the technology of CA, especially on mainframe is honestly -- is running a lot of legacy applications that are still very, very much alive today, but customers preferring to run it on those mainframe tools simply because it makes no sense to modernize or change for whatever -- for their own good reasons. VMware, however, were selling a product of the present and of the future. It is a growth product to be able to create a virtualized cloud environment in your own data center on-prem for any global company. The good thing about going to public cloud is also totally virtualize, but very resilient when you run -- when you run a software-defined environment. We are creating with VMware, the same experience of virtualization of the data center on-prem for those companies, which has workloads, by the way, that are already running VMware products that application thats already written on VMware Cloud Foundation. This is then giving these enterprises the opportunity to have a hyperscaler on-prem. Thats the plan were doing, plain and simple.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of William Stein with Truist.
William Stein: Hock, in the past, I think weve all been aware that theres one major customer on the accelerated compute side. I suspect that hes broadened and deepened perhaps and hoping you can give us some characterization of that, maybe the number of customers or projects, how diversified it is at this point, that would really help. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Yes, it has. It has, which reflects some of my opening remarks that say that I used to tell you guys, hey, merchant silicon will triumph. But I think with the evolution -- a very rapid evolution Ive been seeing on the AI, large language model, generative AI large language models and the fact that in hardware one size doesnt fit all. That is variation depending on the models you run. I would say that if -- for some of those hyperscalers with the resources, with the scale requirements to be able to create customized versions of hardware to match with customization of their foundation models and even their application models, we begin to see the effect of that. Other than that, Id rather not disclose any more to you at this point because were kind of under NDA overall.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hock, first of all, congratulations on closing the VMware deal. I know youve been trying to close that for a while. I wanted to -- youve had a lot of time. Your management had a lot of time to look at this deal through the process of closing. I was curious what you have seen so far that pleases you the most and what do you think will be the most challenging aspect of the integration over the next 12 months that you highlighted?
Hock Tan: Well, over the past 18 months almost, we had on the journey of closing this deal from the date of announcement. Youre right, we had a great opportunity, and thanks to a very supportive management team from VMware that engages with us very, very well. Again, its planning. We can see, we cant touch, but it has a lot of time to plan and think through. It also gives me a lot of opportunity to go out there. And over the past 12, 16 months, I must have talked one-on-one or in small groups to at least 150 CIOs globally of the largest customers of VMware out there. And one thing is very clear. The VMware core product, the VMware Cloud Foundation software stack that enables virtualization of not just computing, servers, compute, but storage, networking as well as orchestration and management layer over that whole stack is something that CIOs, head of infrastructure of large -- many large companies out there really want. They want to be able to deploy. They want to make their data centers, which is very heterogenous now between virtualization and compute to bare metal and the mix environment and different vendors where each is trying to optimize best-of-breed to one that is managing under a single abstraction layer across a diversity of hardware. That saves a lot of hardware purchases. That creates a lot of cost reduction in a way to manage it. That is the value of the technology VMware brings to bear. And the products are there. For us is focusing and execution, which is what you hear us say that today and which is what you hear Kirsten lay out in the numbers we are looking at just in the first year of completion of this acquisition.
Operator: And that concludes todays question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Ms. Ji Yoo for any closing remarks.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator. In closing, Broadcom currently plans to report its earnings for the first quarter of fiscal 24 after close of market on Thursday, March 7, 2024. A public webcast of Broadcoms earnings conference call will follow at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Operator, you may end the call.
Operator: Thank you all for participating. This concludes todays program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-08-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom Inc.'s Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Head of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on today's call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; and Charlie Kawwas, President, Semiconductor Solutions Group. Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables after the market closed, describing our financial performance for the third quarter fiscal year 2023. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and an audio replay of the call can be accessed for one year through the Investors section of Broadcom's website. During the prepared comments, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our third quarter fiscal year 2023 results, guidance for our fourth quarter, as well as commentary regarding the business environment. We'll take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to US GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. I'll now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ji, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. In our fiscal Q3 2023 consolidated net revenue, we achieved $8.9 billion, up 5% year-on-year. Semiconductor solutions revenue increased 5% year-on-year to $6.9 billion and infrastructure software grew 5% year-on-year to $1.9 billion. Hyperscale continued to grow double-digits year-on-year, but enterprise and telco spending moderated. Meanwhile, virtually defying gravity, our wireless business has remained stable. Now generative AI investments are driving the continued strength in hyperscale spending for us. As you know, we supply a major hyperscale customer with custom AI compute engines. We are also supplying several hyperscalers, a portfolio of networking technologies as they scale up and scale out their AI clusters within their datacenters. Now representing over $1 billion, this represented virtually all the growth in our infrastructure business in Q3 this year-on-year. So without the benefit of generative AI revenue in Q3, our semiconductor business was approximately flat year-on-year. In fact, since the start of the year, the fiscal year, our quarterly semiconductor revenue, excluding AI, has stabilized at around $6 billion. And as we had indicated to you a year ago, we expected a soft landing during fiscal '23, and it appears this is exactly what is happening today. Now let me give you more color on our end markets. As we go through this soft landing, we see though that our broad portfolio of products influencing the puts and takes across revenues within all our end markets except one, and that is networking. And so, in my remarks today, we focus on networking, where generative AI has significant impact. Q3 networking revenue was $2.8 billion and was up 20% year-on-year in line with guidance, representing 40% of our semiconductor revenue. As we indicated above, our switches and routers as well as our custom silicon AI engines, drove growth in this end market as they would deploy in scaling out AI clusters among the hyperscale. We've always believed and more than ever now with AI networks that Ethernet is the best networking protocol to scale out AI clusters. Ethernet today already offers the low latency attributes for machine learning and AI, and Broadcom has the best technology today and tomorrow. As a founding member of the Ultra Ethernet Consortium with other industry partners, we are driving Ethernet for scaling deployments in large language model networks. Importantly, we're doing this based on open standards and a broad ecosystem. Over the past quarter, we have already received substantial orders for our next-generation Tomahawk 5 switch and Jericho3-AI routers and plan to begin shipping these products over the next six months to several hyperscale customers. This will replace the existing 400-gigabit networks with 800-gigabit connectivity. And beyond this, for the next-generation 1.6-terabit connectivity, we have already started development on the Tomahawk 6 switch, which has, among other things, 200G SerDes generating throughput capacity of over 100 terabit per second. We are obviously excited that generative AI is pushing our engineers to develop cutting-edge technology in silicon technology that has never been developed before. We know the end of Moore's Law has set limits on computing in silicon technology, but what we are developing today feels very much like a revival. We invest in fundamental technologies to enable our hyperscale customers with the best hardware capabilities to scale generative AI. We invest in industry-leading 200G SerDes that can drive optics and even copper cables. We have differentiating technology that breaks current bottlenecks in high-bandwidth memory access. We also have X high-speed and ultra-low power chip-to-chip connectivity to integrate multiple AI compute engines. We also have invested heavily in complex packaging technologies, migrating from today's 2.5D to 3D, which enables large memory to be integrated with the AI compute engines and accelerators. In sum, we have developed end-to-end platform of plug-and-play silicon IP that enables hyperscalers to develop and deploy their AI clusters in an extremely accelerated time-to-market. Not surprisingly, in Q4, moving on to Q4, continuing to be driven by generative AI deployments, we expect our networking revenue to accelerate in excess of 20% year-on-year. And this has been driven by the strength obviously in generative AI where we forecast to grow about 50% sequentially and almost two times year-on-year. Moving to wireless. Q3 wireless revenue, $1.6 billion, represented 24% of semiconductor revenue, up 4% sequentially, flat year-on-year. The engagement with our North American customer continues to be deep and multi-year across WiFi, Bluetooth, Touch, RF Front-End and Inductive Power. So in Q4, consistent with the seasonal launch, we expect wireless revenue to grow over 20% sequentially and down low-single digit percent year-on year. On our server storage connectivity revenue, it was $1.1 billion or 17% of semiconductor revenue and flat year-on-year. With a difficult year-on-year compare, we expect server storage connectivity revenue in Q4 to be down mid-teens percent year-on-year. And moving on to broadband, following nine consecutive quarters of double-digit growth, revenue moderated to 1% year-on-year growth to $1.1 billion or 16% of semiconductor revenue. In Q4, despite increasing penetration of deployment of 10G-PON among telcos, we expect broadband revenue to decline high-single digits year-on-year. Finally, Q3 industrial resales of $236 million declined 3% year-on year, reflecting weak demand in China. And in Q4, though we expect an improvement with industrial resales up low-single digit percentage year-on-year, reflecting largely seasonality. So, in summary, Q3 semiconductor solutions revenue was up 5% year-on-year. And in Q4, we expect semiconductor revenue growth of low-to-mid single-digit percentage year-on-year. Sequentially, if we exclude generated AI, our semiconductor revenue will be flat. Now turning to software. In Q3, infrastructure software revenue of $1.9 billion grew 5% year-on-year and represented 22% of total revenue. For core software, consolidated renewal rates averaged 117% over expiring contracts, and in our strategic accounts, we averaged 127%. Within strategic accounts, annualized bookings of $408 million included $129 million or 32% of cross-selling of other portfolio products to these same core customers and over 90% of the renewal value represented recurring subscription and maintenance. Over the last 12 months, I should add, consolidated renewal rates averaged 115% over expiring contracts, and in our strategic accounts, we averaged 125%. Because of this, our ARR, the indicator of forward revenue, at the end of Q3 was $5.3 billion. In Q4, we expect infrastructure software segment revenue to be up mid-single digit year-on-year. And on a consolidated basis for the Company, we are guiding Q4 revenue of $9.27 billion, up 4% year-on-year. Before Kirsten tells you more about our financial performance for the quarter, let me provide a brief update on our pending acquisition of VMware. We have received legal merger clearance in Australia, Brazil, Canada, the European Union, Israel, South Africa, Taiwan and the United Kingdom and foreign investment control clearance in all necessary jurisdictions. In the US, the Hart-Scott-Rodino pre-merger waiting periods have expired, and there is no legal impediment to closing under US merger regulations. We continue to work constructively with regulators in a few other jurisdiction and are in the advanced stages of the process towards obtaining the remaining required regulatory approvals, which we believe will be received before October 30th. We continue to expect to close on October 30th, 2023. Now Broadcom is confident that the combination with VMware will enhance competition in the cloud and benefit enterprise customers by giving them more choice and control where they locate their workloads. With that, let me turn the call over to Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Consolidated revenue was $8.9 billion for the quarter, up 5% from a year ago. Gross margins were 75.1% of revenue in the quarter, in line with our expectations. Operating expenses were $1.1 billion, down 8% year-on-year. R&D of $913 million was also down 8% year-on-year on lower variable spending. Operating income for the quarter was $5.5 billion and was up 6% from a year ago. Operating margin was 62% of revenue, up approximately 100 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $5.8 billion or 65% of revenue. This figure excludes $122 million of depreciation. Now a review of the P&L for our two segments. Revenue for our semiconductor solutions segment was $6.9 billion and represented 78% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 5% year-on-year. Gross margins for our semiconductor solutions segment were approximately 70%, down 160 basis points year-on-year, driven primarily by product mix within our semiconductor end markets. Operating expenses were $792 million in Q3, down 7% year-on-year. R&D was $707 million in the quarter, down 8% year-on-year. Q3 semiconductor operating margins were 59%. Moving to the P&L for our infrastructure software segment. Revenue for the infrastructure software segment was $1.9 billion, up year-on-year and represented 22% of revenue. Gross margins for infrastructure software were 92% in the quarter, and operating expenses were $337 million in the quarter, down 10% year-over-year. Infrastructure software operating margin was 75% in Q3 and operating profit grew 13% year-on-year. Moving on to cash flow. Free cash flow in the quarter was $4.6 billion and represented 52% of revenues in Q3. We spent $122 million on capital expenditures. Days sales outstanding were 30 days in the third quarter compared to 32 days in the second quarter. We ended the third quarter with inventory of $1.8 billion, down 2% sequentially. We continue to remain very disciplined on how we manage inventory across the ecosystem. We exited the quarter with 80 days of inventory on hand, down 86 days in Q2, down from excuse me, 86 days in Q2. We ended the third quarter with $12.1 billion of cash and $39.3 billion of gross debt, of which $1.1 billion is short term. The weighted average coupon rate and years to maturity of our fixed rate debt is 3.61% and 9.7 years, respectively. Turning to capital allocation. In the quarter, we paid stockholders $1.9 billion of cash dividends. Consistent with our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, we repurchased 1.7 billion of our common stock and eliminated 460 million of our common stock for taxes due on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the repurchase and elimination of approximately 2.9 million AVGO shares. The non-GAAP diluted share count in Q3 was $436 million. As of the end of Q3, $7.3 billion was remaining under the share repurchase authorization. We suspended our repurchase program in early August in accordance with SEC rules, which do not allow stock buybacks during the period in which VMware shareholders are electing between cash and stock consideration in our pending transaction to acquire VMware. We expect the election period to end shortly before the anticipated closing of the transaction on October 30th, 2023. Excluding the impact of any share repurchases executed prior to the suspension, in Q4, we expect a non-GAAP diluted share count to be $435 million. Based on current business trends and conditions, our guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 is for consolidated revenues of $9.27 billion and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 65% of projected revenue. In Q4, we expect gross margins to be down 80 basis points sequentially on product mix. We note that our guidance for Q4 does not include any contribution from VMware. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Hock, my question has to do with your large AI ASIC compute offload contract. Is this something you feel you have the visibility to hold on to for the next several years or does this face some kind of annual competitive situation because you have a range of both domestic and Taiwan-based ASIC competitors, right, who think they can do it for cheaper. So I'm just curious, what is your visibility into maintaining this competitive win and then hopefully growing content in this over the next several years?
Hock Tan: Love to answer your question, Vivek, but I will not, not directly anyway because we do not discuss our dealings and especially specific dealings of the nature you're asking with respect to any particular customer. So that's not appropriate. But I tell you this in broad generality, many ways you look over in our long-term arrangements -- long-term agreements with our large North American OEM customer in wireless, very similar. We have a multiyear, very strategic engagement in usually more than one leading-edge technologies, which is what you need to create those kind of products, whether it's in wireless or in this case, in generative AI, multiple technologies that goes in creating the products they want. And it's multiple -- it's very strategic and it's multiyear and engagement is very broad and deep.
Vivek Arya: Thank you, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Great to see the market diversification, market leadership and supply discipline, really sort of allowing the team to drive this sort of stable $6 billion per quarter run rate in a relatively weak macro environment. Looking at your customers' demand profiles, your strong visibility, given your lead times, can the team continue to sustain a stable-ish sort of $6 billion revenue profile ex-AI over the next few quarters before macro trends potentially start to improve or do you anticipate enterprise and service provider trends to continue to soften beyond this quarter?
Hock Tan: You're asking me to guide beyond a quarter. I mean, hey, that's beyond my pay grade, Harlan. But I know. But I just want to point out to you, we promised you a soft landing, late fiscal '22, that likely '23 will be a soft landing. And as you pointed out and what, to my remarks, that's exactly what we are seeing.
Harlan Sur: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Hock, I want to stick with the networking segment and just get a little more color on the AI demand that you talked about growing so significantly sequentially in the fourth quarter. Is that mainly on the compute offload side or is the networking side contributing as well? Any color on that would be helpful.
Hock Tan: They go hand -- Ross, these things go very hand-in-hand. You don't deploy those AI engines in these days for generative AI, particularly in onsies or twosies anymore. They come in large clusters or parts as hyperscalers will call -- some hyperscalers will call it. And with that, it's -- you need a fabric, networking connectivity among thousands -- tens of thousands today of those AI engines, whether it's GPUs or some other customized AI silicon compute engine, the whole fabric with its AI engine represents literally the computer, the AI infrastructure. So it's hand-in-hand that our numbers are driven very, very correlated to not just AI engines, whether we do the AI engines or somebody else, merchant silicon does those GPU engines. We supply a lot of the Ethernet networking solutions.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. If I take that sort of $6 billion non-AI run rate and I calculate what the AI is, I'm actually getting that 15% of semiconductor revenue that you mentioned last quarter. Do you still think it's going to be 25% of revenue next year? And just how do I think about how you get to that number if that so I guess two questions. One is, is that number still 25% or is it higher or lower? And then how do I get it with the two moving pieces, the AI and the non-AI in order to get there? Because that percentage goes up if the non-AI goes down?
Hock Tan: Well, there are a couple of assumptions one has to make, none of which I'm going to help you with, as you know, because I don't guide next year. But except to tell you our AI revenue, as we indicated, has been accelerating -- on an accelerating trajectory and no surprise. You guys hear that because deployment -- it's been extremely on an urgent basis and the demand we are seeing has been fairly strong, very strong. And so we see it accelerating through end of '22, now accelerating and continued to accelerate through end of '23 that we just indicated to you. And for fiscal '24, we expect somewhat a similar accelerating trend. And so to answer your question, we have always indicated previously that for fiscal '24, which is just, which is a forecast, we believe it will be over 25% of our revenue -- of our semiconductor revenue over 25% of our semiconductor revenue.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi. Thank you so much for taking the question. I had one quick clarification then a question. On the clarification, Hock, can you talk about the supply environment, if that's a constraining factor for your AI business? And if so, what kind of growth from a capacity perspective do you expect into fiscal '24? And then my question is more on the non-AI side. As you guys talked about, you've done really well in managing your own inventory. But when you look across inventory levels for your customers or at your customers, it seems as though they're sitting on quite a bit of inventory. So what's your confidence level as it pertains to a potential inventory correction in your non-AI business, networking business going forward? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, on the first question, you're talking about supply chain. Well, these products for generative AI, whether they are networking or -- and the customer engines, take long lead times. These are very, very leading-edge silicon products, both in terms of across the entire stack from the chip itself, to the packaging to even memory, the kind of HBM memory that is used in those chips. It's all very long lead time and very cutting-edge products. So we're trying to supply, like everybody else wants to have, within lead times. So by definition, you have constraints. And so do we, we have constraints. And we're trying to work through the constraints, but it's a lot of constraints. And you'll never change as long as demand, orders flow in shorter than the lead time needed for production because the production of these parts are very long extended, and that's the constraint we see as they come in faster than lead times along as orders come in. The answer on your second part, well, as far as we do see we are kind of, as I indicated, I call it soft lending. Another way of looking at it is that $6 billion approximately of non-AI related revenue per quarter is kind of bumping up and down on a plateau. Think of it that way. We -- growth is kind of down to very little, but it's still pretty stable up there. And so we have a range -- as I indicated, too, we don't have any one product in any one end market. We have multiple products. As you know, our portfolio is fairly broad, diversified and categorized into each end market with multiple different products. And each product runs on its own cadence sometimes on the timing on when customer wants it. And so you see bumping up and down different levels. But again it averages out over each quarter, as we pointed out, around $6 billion. And for now, we're seeing that happen.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Karl Ackerman: Thank you. Just on gross margins, you had a tough compare year-over-year for your semiconductor gross margins, which, of course, remains some of the best in semis, but is there a way to think or quantify about the headwind to gross margins this year from still elevated logistics costs and substrate costs as we think about the supply chain perhaps freeing up next year that perhaps could be a tailwind? Thank you.
Hock Tan: You know, Karl, it is Hock. Let me take a stab at this question because it's really a more holistic answer, and here's what I mean. The impact to us on gross margin more than anything else, it's not related to transactional supply chain issues. I'm sure they have in any particular point in time, but not as material and not as sustained in terms of impacting trends. What drives gross margin largely for us as a company is, frankly, a product mix, it's a product mix. And as I mentioned earlier, we have a broad range of products even as we try to make order out of it from a viewpoint of communication and segment them classify them into multiple end markets. Within the end market, your products, and they all have different gross margins depending on the -- on where they used and the criticality and various other aspects. So they're different. So we have a real mixed bank. And what drives the trend in gross margin more than anything else is the pace of adoption of next-generation products in each product category, so think in that way. And you measure it across multiple products. And each time a new generation of product -- of a particular product gets adopted, we get the opportunity to lift -- uplift gross margin. And therefore, the rate of adoption matters, for instance, because for some products that changes gross margin every few years versus one that's more extended one. You have different gross margin growth profile. And this is what is all tied to the most important variable. Now the more interesting thing to come down to us on a specifically your question is during '21, '22, in particular, with an up cycle in the semiconductor industry. We had a lot of lockdowns, change in behaviour, and a high level of demand for semiconductors. Or put it this way, a shortage of supply to demand. There was accelerated adoption of a lot of products, accelerated adoption. So we benefited, among other things, not just revenue, as I indicated, we benefited from gross margin expansion across the board as a higher percentage of our products out there gets adopted into the next-generation faster. We pass this. There is probably some slowdown in the adoption rate. And so gross margin expansion might actually not expand as fast. But it will work itself out over time. And I've always told you guys, the model this company has seen and is it's empirical, but based on this underlying basic economics, it's simply that when we have the broad range of products we have and each of them a different product life cycle of upgrading and next generation. We have seen over the years on a long-term basis, an expansion of gross margin on a consolidated basis for semiconductors that ranges from 50 to maybe 150 basis points on an annual basis. And that's a long-term basis. In between, of course, you've seen numbers that go over to 200 basis points. That happened in 2022. And so now later, you have to offset that with years where gross margin expansion might be much less like 50. And I think with that the process, you will see us go through on an ongoing basis.
Karl Ackerman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Yes, Hock. So congratulations on our textbook soft landing. I mean it's perfectly executed. I had a question, I guess, more so on the takeoff timing. You've got a lead time that is about 1 year for your -- most of your product lines. So I suppose you see visibility a year out. The question really is, are you starting to see growth in backlog about a year out? So in other words, we can assume that we'll spend time at the bottom for about a year and then start to come back? Or is it happening before that time frame or maybe not even a year out? Just any color would be helpful. And then, as a clarification, Hock, is China approval needed for VMware or not needed?
Hock Tan: Let's start with lead times and asking me to predict when the up cycle would happen. It's still too early for me to want to predict that, to be honest with you, because even though we have 50 weeks lead time, I have overlaid on it today. Nice, a lot of bookings related to generative AI. A decent amount of bookings related to wireless, too. So that kind of like buyers, what I'm looking at. So the answer to you -- a very unsatisfactory, I know answer to your question is too early for me to tell, but we do have a decent amount of orders. All right.
Harsh Kumar: And then on VMware, Hock?
Hock Tan: Let me say this. I made those specific notes or remarks on regulatory approval. I ask that you think it through, read it through and let's stop right there.
Harsh Kumar: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you, Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thanks for taking the question and congrats also on the execution. I'm just curious, as I think about the Ethernet opportunity in AI fabric build-outs. Just Hock, any kind of updated thoughts now with the Ethernet Consortium that you're part of thoughts as far as Ethernet relative to InfiniBand, particularly at the East West layer of these AI fabric build-outs with Tomahawk5, Jericho3 sounding like it's going to start shipping in volume maybe in the next six months or so. Is that an inflection where you actually see Ethernet really start to take hold in the East-West traffic layer of these AI networks? Thank you.
Hock Tan: That's a very interesting question. And frankly, my personal view is InfiniBand has been the choice in the old -- for years and years, generations of high -- what we call -- what we have called before high-performance computing, right? And high-performance computing was the old term for AI, by the way. So that was it because it was very dedicated application workloads and not a scale out as large language models drive today. We launched language models driving and most of -- all this large language models are now being driven a lot by the hyperscale. Frankly, you see Ethernet getting huge amount of traction. And Ethernet is shipping. It's not just getting traction to the future. It is shipping in many hyperscales. And -- it coexist best way to describe it with InfiniBand. And it all depends on the workloads. It depends on the particular application that's driving it. And at the end of the day, it also depends on, frankly, how large you want to scale your AI clusters. The larger you scale it, the more tendency you have to basically open it up to Ethernet.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Matt Ramsay with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Matthew Ramsay: Yes. Thank you very much. Good afternoon. Hock, I wanted to ask a question. I guess maybe a two-part question on your custom silicon business. Obviously, the large customer is ramping really, really nicely as you described. But there are many other sort of large hyperscale customers that are considering custom silicon, maybe catalyzed by Gen AI, maybe some not. But I wonder if the recent surge in Gen AI spending and enthusiasm has maybe widened the aperture of your appetite to take on big projects for other large customers in that arena? And secondly, any appetite at all to consider custom -- switching routing products for customers or really a keen focus on merchant in those areas? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Well, thank you. That's a very insightful question. We only have one large customer in AI engines. We're not a GPU company, and we're not -- we don't do much compute, as you know, other than offload computing having said that, but it's very customized. And I mean, what I'm trying to say is that I don't want to mislead you guys. The fact that I may have engagement, and I'm not saying I do on a custom program should not at all be translated into your minds as oh, yes, this is a pipeline that will translate to revenue. Creating hardware infrastructure to run these large language models of hyperscalers is an extremely difficult and complex test and -- for anyone to do. And the fact that even if there is any engagement, it does not translate easily to revenues. And so suffice it to say, I leave it at that. I have one hyperscale who we are shipping custom AI engines to today and leave it at that, if you don't mind, okay? Now as far as customized switching, routing, sure. I mean, that happens. Most of the -- many of the -- those few OEMs, some OEMs who are supplying systems. Switch -- systems, which are switches or routers and have their own custom solutions together with their own proprietary network operating system. That's been the model for the last 20, 30 years. And today, 70% of the market is on merchant silicon. Not yet, I won't say for not the network operating system, but certainly for the silicon is merchant silicon. So the message here is, there's some advantages to doing a merchant solution here then to trying to do a custom solution as behavior or performance over the last 20 years have shown.
Matthew Ramsay: Thanks, Hock. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rolland: Hey, thanks for the question. So I think there's been two really great parts of the Broadcom story that has surprised me. And the first is the AI upside. And the second is just the resilience of the core business and particularly storage and broadband in light of what have been kind of horror shows for some of your competitors who, I think, are in clear down cycles. So I've maybe been waiting for a reset in storage and broadband for a while, and it looks like Q4 gets a little softer here for you. Maybe you're calling that reset a soft landing, Hock. So I guess maybe you can describe a little bit more for us what you mean by a soft landing. Does that mean that we have indeed landed here? Would you expect those businesses to be bottoming here at least? And I know you've talked about it before, you guys have had tight inventory management. But is there perhaps even a little bit more inventory showing up -- more inventory burn showing up for these markets? Or are the dynamics here, just all and demand that has started to deteriorate here? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Thanks. First and foremost, and you've heard me talked about in preceding quarter earning calls, and I continue to say it, and Kirsten reemphasized it today, we shipped very much to only end demand of our end customers. And we're looking beyond in enterprise, even beyond and telcos even beyond OEM. We look to the end users, the enterprises of those OEM customers. We try to. Doesn't mean we are right all the time, but we pretty much are getting very good at it. And we only ship to that. And what you're seeing is -- why I'm saying this -- what you're looking at, for instance, some numbers in broadband, some numbers in service storage that seems not quite as flat, which is why I made the point of purposely saying, but look at it collectively taking out generative AI. My whole portfolio of products out there. It's pretty broad, and it gets segmented into different end markets. And when we reach, I call it a plateau as we are in, you got a soft landing, as you call it, you never stay flat. There will be some products because of timing of shipments come in more and some ship out the wrong timing come in a bit lower. And in each quarter, we may show you differences, and we are showing some of it that differences in Q3 and some even in Q4. And that's largely related to logistics timing of customer shipments, particular customers and a whole range of products that go this way. This one I referred in my remarks as revenues, which are puts and takes around a median. And that median also paints to highlight to you guys has sit around $6 billion, and it has been sitting around $6 billion since the start of fiscal '23. And as we sit here in Q4, it's still at $6 billion. Now not quite there because there are some parts of it, they may go up, some parts of it go down. And that's the puts and takes we talk about. And I hope that pretty much addresses what you are trying to get at, which is, is this -- what's -- the fact that is it a trend? Or is it just a factor? And to use my expression, I call those flatters or puts and takes around a median that we're seeing here. And I wouldn't have said it if I'm not seeing it now for three quarters in a row, around $6 billion.
Christopher Rolland: Thanks, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder: Thank you very much. Hock, I want to shift gears maybe a little bit here and talk about your expectations and actually indications from your customers about the integrated optics solutions that will start shipping next year. It seems to me by looking at what you're offering and the significant improvement you get over performance and size. This would be something of great interest. Is it limited by inertia or architectural inertia by the existing solutions? Or what kind of feedback you're getting? And why should we expect to see maybe because it's rather a new market for you overall. You've not been in it before. So I'm just trying to get a feel for what your expectations are and why maybe we should start looking at this more closely.
Hock Tan: You should. I did. I made my investment, at least you should look at it a bit. I'm just kidding. But we have invested in silicon photonics, which is, I mean, literally integrating in one single solution packaging. As an example, our switch, our next-generation Tomohawk5 switch, which will start shipping middle of next year, what we call the program we call the Bailly, a fully integrated switch silicon photonic switch. And you're right, very low power, and it's -- you make optics have always have optical and mechanical characteristics by sucking them into an integrated silicon photonics solution. You take away this failures on yield rates on mechanical, optical and translated to literally silicon yield rates. And so it's much -- we like to believe very reliable than the conventional approach. So your question is, so why won't more people jump in it? Well, because nobody else has done it. This -- we are pioneering this silicon photonic architecture. And we're going to -- we have appeal done, a POC, proof of concept in selling Tomahawk 4 in a couple of hyperscale, but not in production volume. We now feel comfortable we have reliability data from those instances. And that's why we feel comfortable to now go into production launch in Tomahawk5. But as people say, the proof is in the eating. And we will get it in one or two hyperscale who will demonstrate how efficient power-wise, effective it can be. And once we do that, we hope it will start to proliferate to other hyperscalers because they cannot do it. If one of them does it and reap the benefits of this silicon photonics solution, and it's there. You know it. I have indicated the power is simply enormous, 30%, 40% power reduction. And power is a big thing now in data centers, particularly, I would add, in generative AI data centers. That's a big use case that could come over the next couple of years. All right.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you all for participating in today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Ji Yoo for any closing remarks.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator. In closing, we would like to highlight that Broadcom will be attending the Goldman Sachs Communacopia and Technology Conference on Thursday, September 7th. Broadcom currently plans to report its earnings for the fourth quarter of fiscal '23 after close of market on Thursday, December 7th, 2023. A public webcast of Broadcom's earnings conference call will follow at 2:00 P.M. Pacific. That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Operator, you may end the call.
Operator: Thank you all for participating. This concludes today's program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-06-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc.s Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Head of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on todays call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; and Charlie Kawwas, President, Semiconductor Solutions Group. Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables after the market closed, describing our financial performance for the second quarter fiscal year 2023. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcoms website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and an audio replay of the call can be accessed for one year through the Investors section of Broadcoms website. During the prepared comments, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our second quarter fiscal year 2023 results, guidance for our third quarter, as well as commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Ill now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ji, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. So, in our fiscal Q2 2023, consolidated net revenue was $8.7 billion, up 8% year-on-year. Semiconductor Solutions revenue increased 9% year-on-year to $6.8 billion. And Infrastructure Software grew 3% year-on-year to $1.9 billion as the stable growth in core software more than offset softness in the Brocade business. Now, as I start this call, I know you all want to hear about how we are benefiting from this strong deployment of generative AI by our customers. Put this in perspective, our revenue today from this opportunity represents about 15% of our semiconductor business. Having said this, it was only 10% in fiscal '22. And we believe it could be over 25% of semiconductor revenue in fiscal '24. In fact, over the course of fiscal '23 that we're in, we are seeing a trajectory where our quarterly revenue entering the year doubles by the time we exceed '23. And in fiscal third quarter '23, we expect this revenue to exceed a $1 billion in the quarter. But, as you well know, we are also a broadly diversified semiconductor and infrastructure software company. And in our fiscal Q2, demand for IT infrastructure was driven by hyperscale, while service providers and enterprise continued to hold up. Following the 30% year-on-year increases we have experienced over the past five quarters, overall IT infrastructure demand in Q2 moderated to mid-teens percentage growth year-on-year. As we have always told you, we continue to ship only to end-user demand. We remain very-disciplined on how we manage inventory across our ecosystem. We exited the quarter with less than 86 days on hand, a level of inventory consistent with what we have maintained over the past eight quarters. Now, let me give you more color on our end markets. Let me begin with wireless. As you saw in our recent 8-K filing, we entered into a multiyear collaboration with a North American wireless OEM on cutting-edge wireless connectivity and 5G components. Our engagement in technology and supply remains deep, strategic and long term. Q2 wireless revenue of $1.6 billion represented 23% of semiconductor revenue. Wireless revenue declined seasonally, down 24% quarter-on-quarter and down 9% year-on-year. In Q3, as we just begin the seasonal ramp of the next-generation phone platform, we expect wireless revenue to be up low single digits sequentially. We expect however, it will remain around flattish year-on-year. Moving on to networking. Networking revenue was $2.6 billion and was up 20% year-on-year, in line with guidance, representing 39% of our semiconductor revenue. There are two growth drivers here. One, continued strength in deployment of our merchant Tomahawk switching for traditional enterprise workloads as well as Jericho routing platforms for telcos; and two, strong growth in AI infrastructure at hyperscalers from compute offload and networking. And speaking of AI networks, Broadcoms next generation Ethernet switching portfolio consisting of Tomahawk 5 and Jericho3-AI offers the industry's highest performance fabric for large-scale AI clusters by optimizing the demanding and costly AI resources. These switches based on an open distributed disaggregated architecture will support 32,000 GPU clusters running at 800 gigabit per second bandwidth. Ethernet fabric, as we know it, already supports multi-tenancy capability and end-to-end congestion management. This lossless connectivity with high QoS performance has been well proven over the last 10 years of network deployment in the public cloud and telcos. In other words, the technology is not new. And we are, as Broadcom, very well positioned, to simply extend our best-in-class networking technology into generative AI infrastructure, while supporting standard connectivity, which enables vendor interoperability. In Q3, we expect networking revenue to maintain its growth year-on-year of around 20%. Next, our server storage connectivity revenue was $1.1 billion or 17% of semiconductor revenue and up 20% year-on-year. And as we noted last quarter, with the transition to next-generation MegaRAID largely completed and enterprise demand moderating, we expect server storage connectivity revenue in Q3 to be up low single digits year-on-year. Moving on to broadband. Revenue grew 10% year-on-year to $1.2 billion and represented 18% of semiconductor revenue. Growth in broadband was driven by continued deployments by telcos of next-generation 10G PON and cable operators of DOCSIS 3.1 with high attach rates of Wi-Fi 6 and 6E. And in Q3, we expect our broadband growth to moderate to low-single-digit percent year-on-year. And finally, Q2 industrial resales of $260 million increased 2% year-on-year as the softness in China was offset by strength globally in renewable energy and robotics. And in Q3, we forecast industrial resales to be flattish year-on-year on continuing softness in Asia, offset by strength in Europe. So summary, Q2 Semiconductor Solutions revenue was up 9% year-on-year. And in Q3, we expect semiconductor revenue growth of mid-single-digit year-on-year growth. Turning to software. In Q2, Infrastructure Software revenue of $1.9 billion grew 3% year-on-year and represented 22% of total revenue. As expected, continued softness in Brocade was offset by the continuing stable growth in core software. Relating to core software, consolidated renewal rates averaged 114% over expiring contracts. And in our strategic accounts, we averaged 120%. Within the strategic accounts, annualized bookings of $564 million included $133 million or 23% of cross-selling of other portfolio products to these same core customers. Over 90% of the renewal value represented recurring subscription and maintenance. And over the last 12 months, consolidated renewal rates averaged 117% over expiring contracts. And among our strategic accounts, we averaged 128%. Because of this, our ARR, the indicator of forward revenue at the end of Q2 was $5.3 billion, up 2% from a year ago. And in Q3, we expect our Infrastructure Software segment revenue to be up low single digits percentage year-on-year as the core software growth continues to be offset by weakness in Brocade. On a consolidated basis, we're guiding Q3 revenue of $8.85 billion, up 5% year-on-year. Before Kirsten tells you more about our financial performance for the quarter, let me provide a brief update on our pending acquisition of VMware. We're making good progress with our various regulatory filings around the world, having received legal merger clearance in Australia, Brazil, Canada, South Africa and Taiwan and foreign investment control clearance in all necessary jurisdictions. We still expect the transaction will close in Broadcom's fiscal 2023. The combination of Broadcom and VMware is about enabling enterprises to accelerate innovation and expand choice by addressing their most complex technology challenges in this multi-cloud era. And we are confident that regulators will see this when they conclude their review. With that, let me turn the call over to Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Consolidated revenue was $8.7 billion for the quarter, up 8% from a year ago. Gross margins were 75.6% of revenue in the quarter, about 30 basis points higher than we expected on product mix. Operating expenses were $1.2 billion, down 4% year-on-year. R&D of $958 million was also down 4% year-on-year on lower variable spending. Operating income for the quarter was $5.4 billion and was up 10% from a year ago. Operating margin was 62% of revenue, up approximately 100 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $5.7 billion or 65% of revenue. This figure excludes $129 million of depreciation. Now, a review of the P&L for our two segments. Revenue for our Semiconductor Solutions segment was $6.8 billion and represented 78% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 9% year-on-year. Gross margins for our Semiconductor Solutions segment were approximately 71%, down approximately 120 basis points year-on-year, driven primarily by product mix within our semiconductor end markets. Operating expenses were $833 million in Q2, down 5% year-on-year. R&D was $739 million in the quarter, down 4% year-on-year. Q2 semiconductor operating margins were 59%. So, while semiconductor revenue was up 9%, operating profit grew 10% year-on-year. Moving to the P&L for our Infrastructure Software segment. Revenue for Infrastructure Software was $1.9 billion, up 3% year-on-year and represented 22% of revenue. Gross margins for Infrastructure Software were 92% in the quarter and operating expenses were $361 million in the quarter, down 3% year-over-year. Infrastructure Software operating margin was 73% in Q2, and operating profit grew 8% year-on-year. Moving to cash flow. Free cash flow in the quarter was $4.4 billion and represented 50% of revenues in Q2. We spent $122 million on capital expenditures. Days sales outstanding were 32 days in the second quarter compared to 33 days in the first quarter. We ended the second quarter with inventory of $1.9 billion, down 1% from the end of the prior quarter. We ended the second quarter with $11.6 billion of cash and $39.3 billion of gross debt, of which $1.1 billion is short term. The weighted average coupon rate and years to maturity of our fixed rate debt is 3.61% and 9.9 years, respectively. Turning to capital allocation. In the quarter, we paid stockholders $1.9 billion of cash dividends. Consistent with our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, we repurchased $2.8 billion of our common stock and eliminated $614 million of common stock for taxes due on the vesting of employee equity, resulting in the repurchase and elimination of approximately 5.6 million AVGO shares. The non-GAAP diluted share count in Q2 was $435 million. As of the end of Q2, $9 billion was remaining under the share repurchase authorization. Excluding the potential impact of any share repurchases, in Q3, we expect the non-GAAP diluted share count to be $438 million. Based on current business trends and conditions, our guidance for the third quarter of fiscal 2023 is for consolidated revenues of $8.85 billion, and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 65% of projected revenue. In Q3, we expect gross margins to be down approximately 60 basis points sequentially on product mix. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And today's first question will come from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hock, I might just as well start off with the topic that you started, AI these days is everywhere. Thanks for the color that you gave and the percentage of the sales that it was potentially going to represent into the future. I wanted to just get a little bit more color on two aspects of that. How you've seen the demand evolve during the course of your quarter? Has it accelerated, in what areas, et cetera? And is there any competitive implications for it? We've heard from some of the compute folks that they want to do more on the networking side. And then obviously, you want to do more into the compute side. So I just wondered how the competitive intensity is changing, given the AI workload increases these days.
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, on your first part of your question, yes, we -- I mean, last earnings call, we have indicated there was a strong sense of demand, and we have seen that continue unabated in terms of that strong demand such that's coming in. Now, of course, we all realize lead times -- manufacturing lead times on most of these cutting-edge products is fairly extended. I mean, you don't make this -- manufacture these products under our process anything less than 6 months or thereabouts. And while there is strong demand and a strong urgency of demand, the ability to ramp up will be more measured and addressing demands that are most urgent. On the second part, no, we've always seen competition. And really, even in traditional workloads in enterprise data centers and hyperscale data centers, our business, our markets in networking, switching, routing continues to face competition. So really nothing new here. Competition continues to exist, and we -- each of us do the best we can in the areas we are best at doing.
Operator: One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Hock, I just wanted to first clarify. I think you might have mentioned it, but I think last quarter, you gave very specific numerical targets of $3 billion in ASICs and $800 million in switches for fiscal '23. I just wanted to make sure if there is any specific update to those numbers. Is it more than $4 billion in total now, et cetera? And then my question is, longer term, what do you think the share is going to be between kind of general purpose GPU-type solutions versus ASICs? Do you think that share shifts towards ASICs? Do you think it shifts towards general purpose solutions? Because if I look outside of the compute offload opportunity, you have generally favored, right, more the general purpose market. So, I'm curious, how do you see this share between general purpose versus ASICs play out in this AI processing opportunity longer term?
Hock Tan: On your first part of your question -- you guys love your question in two parts, let's do the first part first. We guided or we indicated that for fiscal '23 that the revenue we are looking in this space is $3.8 billion. There's no reason nor are we trying to do it now in the middle of the year to change that forecast at this point. So, we still keep to that forecast we've given you in fiscal '23. We're obviously giving you a sense of trajectory in my remarks on what we see '24 to look like. And that, again, is a broad trajectory of the guidance, nothing more than that, just to give you a sense for the accelerated move from '22, '23 and headed into 24. Nothing more than that. But in terms of specific numbers that you indicated we gave, it's -- we stay by our forecast of fiscal '23, 3.8%, frankly, because my view, it's a bit early to give you any revised forecast. Then beyond that, on your most broad specific question, ASICs versus merchant, I always favor merchant, whether it's in compute, whether it's in networking. In my mind, long-term, merchant will eventually, in my view, have a better shot at prevailing. But what we're not talking -- what we're talking about today is, obviously, a shorter term issue versus a very long-term issue. And the shorter term issue is, yes, compute offload exists. But again, the number of players in compute offload ASICs is very, very limited, and that's what we continue to see.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Harlan Sur with JP Morgan.
Harlan Sur: Great to see the strong and growing ramp of your AI compute offload and networking products. On your next generation -- Hock, on your next-generation AI and compute offload programs that are in the design phase now, you've got your next-gen switching and routing platforms that are being qualified. Like, are your customers continuing to push the team to accelerate the design funnel, pull in program ramp timing? And then, I think you might have addressed this, but I just wanted to clarify, all of these solutions use the same type of very advanced packaging, like stack die, HBM memory [Indiscernible] packaging. And not surprisingly, this is the same architecture used by your AI GPU peers, which are driving the same strong trends, right? So is the Broadcom team facing or expected to face like advanced packaging, advanced substrate supply constraints? And how is the operations team going to sort of manage through all of this?
Hock Tan: Well, you're right in that -- this kind of AI product, this -- in this generative AI products, next-generation, current generation are all using very leading-edge technologies in wafers, silicon wafers and substrates and packaging, including memory stacking. And -- but it's -- from consumption, it's still -- there's still products out there. There's still capacity out there as I said. And this is not something you want to be able to ship or deploy right away. It takes time. And we see it as a measured ramp over -- that has started in fiscal '23 and will continue its pace through to '24.
Harlan Sur: And on the design win funnel, are you seeing customers still trying to pull in all of their designs?
Hock Tan: Well, it's -- we are -- our basic opportunity still lies in the networking of AI networks. And we have the products out there. And we are working with many, many customers, obviously, to put in place this disaggregated -- distributed, disaggregated architecture, which -- of Ethernet fabric on AI. And yes, that's a lot of obvious interest and lots of design that exists out there.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Hock, I was wondering if you can sort of help shed some light on the general perception that all this AI spending is sort of boxing out traditional compute. Can you talk about that? Or is it that just CapEx budgets are going to have to grow to support all this extra AI CapEx? I mean, the trick is probably somewhere in between, but I'm wondering if you can help shed some light on just the general perception that all of this is coming at the expense of the traditional compute and the traditional infrastructure. Thanks.
Hock Tan: Your guess is as good as mine, actually. I can tell you this. I mean, you're right, there's this AI networks and this budget that are now allocated more and more by the hyperscale towards this AI networks. But not necessary, particularly in enterprise, at the expense of traditional workloads and traditional data centers. I think there's going to be -- there's definitely coexistence. And a lot of the large amount of spending on AI today that we see for us, that is very much on the hyperscale. And so, enterprises are still focusing a lot of their budgets as they have on the traditional data centers and traditional workloads supporting x86. But it's just maybe too early to -- really for us to figure out whether that is that cannibalization.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava: I have a less sexy topic to talk about, but obviously very important in how you manage the business. Can you talk about lead times and especially in the light of demand moderating, manufacturing cycle times coming down, not to mention the six months that you highlighted for the cutting edge? Are you still staying with the 52-week kind of lead quoting to customers, or has that changed? Thank you.
Hock Tan: By the way, it's 50. Yes, my standard lead time for our products is 50 weeks, and we are still staying with it because it's not about as much lead time to manufacture the products as our interest and, frankly, mutual interest between our customers and ourselves to take a hard look at providing visibility for us in ensuring we can supply and supply in the right amount at the right time the requirements. So yes, we're still sticking to 50 weeks.
Operator: One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hey Hock, I was hoping you could clarify something for us. I think earlier in the beginning of the call when you gave your AI commentary, you said that gen AI revenues are 15% odd today, theyll go to 25% by the end of 2024. That's practically all your growth. That's the $4 billion -- $3 billion, $4 billion that you'll grow. So looking at your commentary, I know your core business is doing really well. So I know that I'm probably misinterpreting it. But I was hoping that maybe there's not so many -- hoping that there's no cannibalization going on in your business, but maybe you could clarify for us.
Hock Tan: Answer -- from an earlier question by a peer of yours, we do not see -- obviously, we do not know, we do not see cannibalization, but these are early innings, relatively speaking, and budgets don't change that rapidly. If there's cannibalization, obviously, it comes from where the spending goes in terms of priority. It's not obvious to us there is that clarity to be able to tell you there's cannibalization, not in the lease. And by the way, if you look at the numbers that all the growth is coming from it, perhaps you're right. But as we talk -- as we sit here in '23 and we still show some level of growth, I would say, we still show growth in the rest of our business, in the rest of products, augmented -- perhaps that growth is augmented with the growth in our AI revenue, in delivering AI products, but it's not entirely all our growth. I would say at least half the growth is still on our traditional business, the other half may be out of generative AI.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas.
Karl Ackerman: Hock, you rightly pointed to the custom silicon opportunity that supports your cloud AI initiatives. However, your AI revenue that's not tied to custom silicon appears to be doubling in fiscal '23. And the outlook for fiscal '24 implies that it will double again. Obviously, Broadcom has multiple areas of exposure to AI really across PCI switches, Tomahawk, Jericho and Ramon ASICs and electro-optics. I guess what sort of opportunity do you see your electric optics portfolio playing a role in high-performance networking environments for inferencing and training AI applications?
Hock Tan: Look, what you say is very, very insightful. It's -- a big part of our growth now in AI comes from the networking components that we're supplying into creating this Ethernet fabric for AI clusters. In fact, a big part of it, you hit on. And the rate of growth there is probably faster than our offload computing can grow. And that's where we are focused on, as I say, our networking products are merchant standard products, supporting the very rapid growth of generative AI clusters out there in the compute side. And for us, this growth in the networking side is really the faster part of the growth.
Operator: One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: I wanted to ask about the renewal of the wireless contract. Can you give us a sense for how much sort of concrete visibility you have into content over the duration of that? As you mentioned, it's both, RF and wireless connectivity. Just any the additional color you can give us would be great.
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, I don't want to be whats me if you are nitpicky? It's an extension, I would call it, of our existing long-term agreement. And it's an extension in the form of a collaboration and strategic arrangement is the best way to describe. It's not really a renewal. But the characteristics are similar, which is with supply technology, we supply products in a bunch of very specific products related to 5G components and wireless connectivity, which is our strength, which is the technology we keep leading in the marketplace. And it's multiyear. And beyond that, I truly would -- I'll refer you to our 8-K and not provide any more specifics simply because of sensitivities all around.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna. Your line is open. Mr. Roland, your line is open. Okay. We'll move on to the next question. And that will come from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hock, I'm curious how you're thinking about your semiconductor business long term. You've discussed AI pretty extensively throughout this call. Could this be something that drives higher growth for your semiconductor business on a sustained basis? I think historically, you've given relatively subdued or muted growth rates for your business vis--vis many of your competitors. Is this something that can drive sustained growth acceleration for your business? And if so, how should we think about the rate of R&D growth going forward as well? Because I think your peers are growing R&D faster than what you guys are doing today. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Very, very good question, Toshiya. Well, we are still a very broadly diversified semiconductor company, as I pointed out, with multiple -- with still multiple end markets beyond just AI, most of which AI revenue happen to sit in my networking segment of the business, as you all noted, and you see. So we still have plenty of others. And even as I mentioned, for fiscal '24, our view is that it could hit over 25% of our semiconductor revenue. We still have many large number of underpinnings for the rest of our semiconductor business. I mean, our wireless business, for instance, has a very strong lease of life for multi-years, and that's a big chunk of business. Just that the AI business appears to be trying to catch up to it in terms of the size. But our broadband server storage enterprise business continues to be very, very sustainable. And when you mix it all up, I don't know, we haven't updated our forecast long-term, so to show. I really have nothing more to add than what we already told you in the past. Would it have -- make a difference in our long-term growth rate? Don't know. We haven't thought about it. Ill leave it to you to probably speculate before I put anything on paper.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities.
William Stein: Hock, I'm wondering if you can talk about your foundry relationships. You've got a very strong relationship with TSM. And of course, Intel has been very vocal about winning new customers potentially. I wonder if you can talk about your flexibility and openness and considering new partners. And then maybe also talk about pricing from foundry and whether that's influencing any changes quarter-to-quarter. There have been certainly a lot of price increases that we've heard about recently, and I'd love to hear your comments. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Thank you. We tend to be very loyal to our suppliers. The same reason we look at customers, the same -- in that same manner, it cuts both ways for us. So, there's a deep abiding loyalty in all our key suppliers. Having said that, we also have to be very realistic of the geopolitical environment we have today. And so, we are also very open to looking at in certain specific technologies to broaden our supply base. And we have taken steps to constantly look at it, much as we still continue to want to be very loyal and fair to our existing base. So -- and so we continue that way. And because of that partnership and loyalty, for us, price increase is something that is a very long-term thing, its part of the overall relationship. And put it simply, we don't move just because of prices. We stay put because of support, service and abiding sense of -- a very abiding sense of commitment mutually.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder: Hock, basically housekeeping question. It sounded like your comments in the press release on the wireless deal did not include Mixed Signal, which is part of your past agreement. And everything you've seen to have said today doesn't -- suggest that may not be the next -- in wireless and RF, but you're also doing a lot of mixed single stuff, too. So maybe you can provide some clarity on that. And now also, why shouldn't we expect the increased interest in AI to increase the prospects, if not orders immediately for the electro-optic products that are coming on discipline? So I would think that would be much greater demand, given the clusters and the size of these arrays that people are trying to put together, provide enormous benefits, I think, in power. Maybe give us some color on that.
Hock Tan: All right. You have two questions here, don't you?
Edward Snyder: Well, it was a two-part question. I was going to do a three, but
Hock Tan: Thank you. I love you guys with your multipart questions. Let's do the first one. You're right. Our long-term collaboration agreement that we recently announced, it includes, as it indicated, wireless connectivity and 5G components. It does not include the high-performance analog components, mixed signal components that we also sell to the North American OEM customer. right? That doesn't make it any less, I would add, strategic, not deeply engaged with each other. I would definitely hasten to add. And on the second part, Ed, if you could indulge me, could you repeat that question?
Edward Snyder: Yes. So, you're talking about general AI and the increase in demand that you're seeing from hyperscale guys. And we're already seeing how big these customers can get. And it's really putting, I don't want to say, stress on your networking assets. But I would think, given the size of the razor facing with the electro-optic products that you're releasing next -- in Tomahawk 5 that you're releasing next year that puts Tomahawks right on the chip, would become more attractive because it significantly uses the power requirements. And I know no ones used, it has not been deployed, but I would think that interest in that should increase. Am I wrong?
Hock Tan: You're not wrong. All this, as I indicated upfront in my remarks, current remarks, yes, we see our next generation coming up Tomahawk 5, which will have silicon photonics, which is co-packaging as a key part of that offering and not to mention that it's going up to 51 terabit per second cut-through bandwidth. It's exactly what you want to put in place for very high demanding AI networks, especially if those AI networks start running to -- over 32,000 GPU clusters running at 800 gigabit per second. Then you really need a big amount of switching because those kind of networks, as I mentioned, have to be very low latency, virtually lossless. Ethernet lossless calls for some interesting science and technology in order to make Ethernet lossless. Because by definition, Ethernet tends to have it traditionally. But the technology is there to make it lossless. So all this fits in with our new generation of products. And not to mention our Jericho3-AI, which, as you know, the router has a unique differentiated technology that allows for very, very low tail latency and in terms of how it transmits and reorder packets so that there's no loss and very little latency. And that exists in network routing in telcos, which we now apply to AI networks in a very effective manner, and that's our whole new generation products. So yes, we're leaning into this opportunity with our networking technology and next-generation products very much. So, you hit it right on, and which is, one, makes it very exciting for us in AI. It's in the networking area, networking space that we see most interesting opportunities.
Operator: One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Antoine Chkaiban with New Street Research.
Antoine Chkaiban: I'll stick to a single-part question. Can you maybe double-click on your computes offload business? What can you maybe tell us about how growth could split between revenues from existing customers or potential diversification of that business going forward? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Thank you. Good question. And Ill reiterate the answers in some other ways I've given to certain other audience who have asked this question. We really have only one rail customer -- one customer. And in my forecast, in my remarks so far in offload computing, it's pretty much very, very largely around one customer. It's not very diversified. It's very focused. That's our compute offload business.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Kurt Swartz Kurt [ph] on for C.J. I wanted to touch on software gross margins, which continue to tick higher alongside softness in Brocade. Curious what sort of visibility you may have into Brocade stabilization and how we should think about software gross margins as mix normalizes. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, our core -- our software segment comprises, you hit it correctly, two parts. That's our core software products revenues and sold directly to enterprises. And these are your typical infrastructure software products. And they are multiyear contracts. And we have ton -- and we have a lot of backlog, something like $17 billion of backlog, averaging over almost 2.5, 3 years. And every quarter, a part of that renews, and we give you the data on it. It's very stable. And given our historical pattern of renewing on expanding consumption of our core group of customers, we tend to drive that in a very stable manner. And the growth rate is very, very predictable, and we're happy with that. Then we overlay on it a business that is software, but also very appliance different, the fiber channel SAN business of Brocade. And that's very enterprise-driven, very, very much so. Only used by enterprises, obviously, and large enterprises at that. And it is a fairly cyclical business. And last year was a very strong up cycle. And this year, not surprisingly, the cycles are not as strong, especially compared year-on-year to the very strong numbers last year. So, that's -- well, this is the phenomenon -- the outcome of the combining the two is what we're seeing today. But given another -- my view next year, the cycle could turn around and Brocade would go on. And then instead of a 3% year-on-year growth in this whole segment, we could end up with high single digits year-on-year growth rate because the core software revenue, as I've always indicated to you guys, you want to plan long term on mid-single-digit year-on-year growth rate. And that's very predictable part of our numbers.
Operator: And today's final question will come from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho.
Vijay Rakesh: Yes. Hi Hock, just a quick -- I'll keep it a two-part question for you to wrap up. So just wondering what the content uplift for Broadcom is on an AI server versus a general compute server. And if you look at generative AI, what percent of servers today are being outfitted for generative AI as you look? You have a dominant share there. And where do you see that uptake ratio for generative AI and year out if you look at fiscal '24, '25?
Hock Tan: I'm sorry to disappoint you on your two parts, but it's too early for me to be able to give you a good answer or a very definitive answer on that. Because by far the majority of servers today are your traditional servers driving x86 CPUs. And the networking today are very, very still running Ethernet traditional data center networking. Because most enterprises if not virtually, all enterprises today are very much still running their own traditional servers on x86. Generative AI is something so new and in a way, so -- the limits of it is so extended that what we largely see today are at the hyperscale guys in terms of deploying at scale those generative AI infrastructures. Enterprises continue to deploy and operate standard x86 servers and Ethernet networking in the traditional data centers. And so, that's still -- so what we're seeing today may be early part of the whole cycle, that's your question, which is why I cannot give you any definitive view, opinion of how -- what the attach rate, what the ratio will be or if there's any stability that could be achieved anywhere in the near term. We both -- we see both running and coexisting very much together.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo for any closing remarks.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator. In closing, we would like to highlight that Broadcom will be attending the BofA Global Technology Conference on Tuesday, June 6. Broadcom currently plans to report its earnings for the third quarter of fiscal '23 after close of market on Thursday, August 31, 2023. A public webcast of Broadcom's earnings conference call will follow at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Operator, you may end the call.
Operator: Thank you all for participating. This concludes today's program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-03-02 16:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc.s First Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Head of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, Operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on todays call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; and Charlie Kawwas, President Semiconductor Solutions Group. Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables after the market closed, describing our financial performance for the first quarter fiscal year 2023. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcoms website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and an audio replay of the call can be accessed for one year through the Investors section of Broadcoms website. During the prepared comments, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our first quarter fiscal year 2023 results, guidance for our second quarter, as well as commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. I will now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ji, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. In our fiscal 20 -- in our fiscal Q1 2023, consolidated net revenue that was -- revenue was $8.9 billion, up 16% year-on-year. Semiconductor Solutions revenue increased 21% year-on-year to $7.1 billion. While as we expected, Infrastructure Software declined 1% year-on-year to $1.8 billion, even as our core software sustained growth of 5% year-on-year. Stepping back, let me sum up what happened in Q1. From our view, infrastructure spending continues to be up, particularly in service providers, even as hyperscale and enterprise sustain. Spending in technology for infrastructure has been strong, showing double-digit growth for nine consecutive quarters. We continue to be booked for fiscal 2023 and our lead times and visibility on semiconductors remain largely at 50 weeks. While there have been a small number of requests to push out certain orders, we know that these are the exceptions and they have not had a material impact on our business. Because we ship linearly throughout the quarter to our customers, inventory on our books has been consistent around 80 days and overall inventory of Broadcom products across the ecosystem remains very well managed. We continue, needless to say, to be very disciplined in shipping our backlog only as and when needed by our end customers. With that, let me now provide more color on each of our end markets. Starting with networking. Networking revenue was $2.3 billion and was up 20% year-on-year, in line with guidance, representing 32% of our semiconductor revenue. We see continued deployment of our advanced Tomahawk switches by hyperscalers in their leaf and spine architectures. Even as we deliver on increased bandwidth for the hyperscalers, having said that, power remains a major challenge. So just this week, we announced the industrys first integrated silicon photonics networking solution code name Bailey, which integrates the active optical interconnects with our next-generation Tomahawk 5 switch at 51.2 terabit per second. Bailey doubles switching performance but it will reduce total system power. Keep in mind that at hyperscalers, a growing portion of our switches have been deployed within their AI networks, which are separate from the traditional x86 CPU scale outrunning existing workloads. Now this is today. Tomorrow, we generated AI using large scale -- large language, I should say, models with billions of parameters, we have to run thousands of AI engines in tower enabling large and synchronized bus of data at speeds of 400 gig and 800 gig. The network to support this massive processor density is critical and its important SDAI engines. Such networks have to be lossless, low latency and be able to scale. So as you know, such AI networks are already been deployed at certain hyperscalers through our Jericho 2 switches and Ramon Fabric. In fact, in 2022, we estimated our Ethernet switch shipments deployed in AI was over $200 million. With the expected exponential demand from our hyperscale customers, we forecast that this could grow to well over $800 million in 2023. We anticipate this trend will continue to accelerate and mindful that we need even more higher performance networks in the future. We have been investing in a new generation of this lossless low latency Ethernet fabric designed specifically to handle such data and compute-intensive AI workloads. Of course, additionally, the exciting growth prospects for generative AI are driving our compute offload accelerated business at hyperscalers. As we have indicated to you last quarter, this business achieved over $2 billion in revenue in 2022. We are on track to exceed $3 billion in revenue in our fiscal 2023. In Q2, looking forward, short-term, we expect these tailwinds to drive our networking revenue to grow about another 20% year-over-year. Moving on next to our server storage connectivity revenue. There was a record $1.3 billion or 18% of semiconductor revenue and up 57% year-on-year. Once again, as we discussed in preceding quarters, the rapid transition to next-generation megawatt solutions drove this substantial year-on-year content increase. After four consecutive quarters of such increases, this transition, however, is significantly complete and we expect that in Q2 on a year-on-year basis server storage connectivity revenue will moderate towards 20% year-on-year growth. Moving on to broadband. Revenue grew 34% year-on-year to a record $1.2 billion and represented 17% of semiconductor revenue. During this quarter, our broadband business particularly benefited from robust deployments by telcos of 10G PON and cable operators of DOCSIS 3.1. These gateways have high attach rates of WiFi 6 and 6E. And in Q2, we expect the secular drivers behind broadband to sustain momentum on a sequential basis, and year-on-year, broadband will grow a solid 10%. Moving on to wireless. Q1 revenue of $2.1 billion represented 29% of semiconductor revenue. Demand from our North American customer drove wireless revenue up 4% year-on-year, reflecting content increases, which we had previously indicated last quarter. Sequentially, wireless was flattish compared to Q4, and seasonally, we expect wireless to be down sequentially in Q2 and down high single-digit percentage year-over-year. Finally, Q1 industrial resale of $229 million decreased 4% year-over-year as softness in China offset strength in renewable energy and medical. And in Q2, we forecast industrial resales to be down low-single digits percentage year-on-year on continuing softness in China. So, in summary, Q1 Semiconductor Solutions revenue was up 21% year-on-year and in Q2 we expect semiconductor revenue growth of high single-digit percentage year-on-year. Turning to software. In Q1, Infrastructure Software revenue of $1.8 billion declined 1% year-on-year and represented 20% of total revenue. While core software revenue grew 5% year-on-year, the Brocade business declined because of lumpiness in enterprise consumption in this very narrow vertical of SAN storage. For core software, consolidated renewal rates averaged 119% of expiring contracts, and within our strategic accounts, we averaged 129% and within this strategic accounts, annualized bookings of $536 million included $197 million, which represent 37% of cross-selling of our portfolio of products to these same core strategic customers. Over 90% of the renewal value represented recurring subscription and maintenance. Now in -- by way of comparison, over the last 12 months, consolidated renewal rates averaged 119% over expiring contracts, and in our strategic accounts, we averaged 134%. Because of this, our ARR, the indicator of forward revenue at the end of Q1 was $5.3 billion, which is up 3% from a year ago. In Q2, we expect our Infrastructure Software segment revenue to be up low-to-mid single-digit percentage year-on-year, as the stable core software growth continues to be partially offset now by weakness in Brocade. So, in summary, we are guiding consolidated Q2 revenue for the company to be $8.7 billion, up 8% year-on-year. Before Kirsten, tells you more about our financial performance for the quarter, let me provide a brief update on our pending acquisition of VMware. We continue to make progress with our various regulatory filings around the world, having now received legal merger clearance in Brazil, South Africa and Canada, and foreign investment control clearance in Germany, France, Austria, Denmark, Italy and New Zealand. As we stated on our last earnings call, we continue to anticipate that the time line for the review process will be extended in other key regions, especially given the size of this transaction. Having said that, we continue to expect the transaction to close within our fiscal 2023. We believe the combination of Broadcom and VMware is about enabling enterprises to accelerate innovation and expand choice by addressing their most complex technology challenges in this multi-cloud era and we are confident regulators will see this when they conclude their review. Finally, Broadcom recently published its third annual ESG report available on our corporate citizenship website, which discusses the companys ESG initiatives. As a global technology leader, we recognize Broadcoms responsibility to have a positive impact on our customers, employees and communities through our product and technology innovation and operational excellence, we remain committed to this mission. With that, let me turn the call over to Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Broadcom had another great quarter with robust financials. Consolidated revenue was $8.9 billion for the quarter, up 16% from a year ago. Gross margins were 74% of revenue in the quarter, about 10 basis points higher than we expected. Operating expenses were $1.1 billion, down 1% year-on-year. R&D of $929 million was also down 1% year-on-year, primarily from streamlined project and other variable spending, offset in part by higher people costs resulting from increased headcount as we are hiring. Operating income for the quarter was $5.4 billion and was up 17% from a year ago. Operating margin was 61% of revenue, up approximately 50 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $5.7 billion or 64% of revenue. This figure excludes $127 million of depreciation. Now a review of the P&L for our two reportable segments. Revenue for our Semiconductor Solutions segment was $7.1 billion and represented 80% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 21% year-on-year. As Hock discussed, this came from strength across all of our semiconductor end markets. Gross margins for our Semiconductor Solutions segment were approximately 69%, down approximately 160 basis points year-on-year, driven primarily by product mix within our semiconductor end markets. Operating expenses were $802 million in Q1, down 2% year-on-year. R&D was $716 million in the quarter, down 1% year-on-year. Q1 semiconductor operating margins were 58%. So while semiconductor revenue was up 21%, operating profit grew 23% year-on-year. Moving to the P&L for our Infrastructure Software reportable segment. Revenue for Infrastructure Software was $8 -- $1.8 billion, down 1% year-on-year and represented 20% of revenue. Gross margins for Infrastructure Software were 91% in the quarter and operating expenses were $346 million in the quarter, down 1% year-over-year. Infrastructure Software operating margin was 72% in Q1 and operating profit was stable year-on-year. Moving to cash flow. Free cash flow in the quarter was $3.9 billion, representing a 16% increase year-over-year. Free cash flow represented 44% of revenues in Q1 2023 consistent with what we achieved the same quarter last year. We spent $103 million on capital expenditures. Days sales outstanding were 33 days in the first quarter compared to 30 days in the fourth quarter. We ended the first quarter with inventory of $1.9 billion, down 1% from the end of the prior quarter or 78 days on hand. Overall, inventory of Broadcoms products across the ecosystem, as Hock indicated, remains well managed. We ended the first quarter with $12.6 billion of cash and $39.3 billion of gross debt of which $1.1 billion is short-term. During the quarter, we repaid $260 million in senior notes that were due on maturity. The weighted average coupon rate and years to maturity of our fixed rate debt is 3.61% and 10.2 years, respectively. Turning to capital allocation. In the quarter, we paid stockholders $1.9 billion of cash dividends. Consistent with our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, we repurchased $1.2 billion of our common stock and eliminated $333 million of common stock for taxes due on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the repurchase and elimination of approximately 2.7 million AVGO shares. The non-GAAP diluted share count in Q1 was $434 million. As of the end of Q1, $11.8 billion was remaining under the share repurchase authorization. Excluding the potential impact of any share repurchases, in Q2, we expect the non-GAAP diluted share count to be 438 million. Based on current business trends and conditions, our guidance for the second quarter of fiscal 2023 is for consolidated revenues of $8.7 billion and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 64.5% of projected revenue. In forecasting such profitability, we expect gross margins to be up approximately 150 basis points sequentially on product mix and R&D spending to be up sequentially on continuing hiring of engineers and seasonal payroll tax step-ups. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Yeah. Hey, guys. Congratulations on yet another solid quarter and guide and thanks for all the color you guys provided. Hock, you mentioned generative models in your commentary. I wanted to understand the difference between what you are doing in AI so far versus maybe what our understanding of generative is. You talked about $200 million in Ethernet related to AI, is that largely generative, because we have heard other companies say that for large part, the generative models are using InfiniBand and then you talked about $2 billion in compute offload going to sort of $3 billion. My understanding was that was mostly for video processing. Maybe help us think about how we think of Avagos place or Broadcoms place in the generative process?
Hock Tan: Well, yeah, thank you for that question and opportunity to clarify why we highlighted and why I highlighted it very purposefully. In 2022, generative is just barely starting to kick off. But they exist AI networks within the hyperscalers, particularly in fairly significant volume. And one we are trying to say is, very similar to CPUs, traditional CPUs in traditional workloads in those same data centers. We have constrained on performance of those silicon CPUs and Moores Law, we are starting to see scale out buying positioning rows and rows of server, CPUs and networking them together to work closely in parallel. As we step up to large language models in AI, generative AI in particular coming into play. GPUs are starting to be strung together in hundreds, soon to be thousands of racks and working in parallel and you know how that goes. And basically, those GPUs work in parallel in fairly synchronous manner to basically run and do what we call bulk parametric exchange, basically, run GPUs together, all AI engines together, whether they are GPUs, AI or TPUs or other AI engines. You run them together. It becomes network. The network becomes now potentially a critical part of this whole AI phenomenon in hardware. To make it work, you have got to put together many racks of AI engines in parallel, very similar to what we have been doing -- hyperscalers have been doing on CPUs to make them run faster, high performance as Moores Law comes to an end and doesnt make any difference here in the form of AI engine. They come from silicon, they have -- they face similar constraints. So network becomes a problem -- becomes the constrained, network becomes a very key part of fulfilling generative AI dream here. And what we are saying here -- what I am saying in my comments is, last year, 2022, these are more AI -- what you call the AI workloads that are running in hyperscale and the advent of generative AI is still relatively fresh and new, we are doing $200 million as far as we could estimate of silicon, Ethernet switches and fabric that goes into those AI networks as far as we could identify in hyperscalers. With generative AI and the urgency and excitement of it coming in that we are seeing today. We are seeing that increase very, very dramatically and we are seeing urgency in our hyperscale customers coming to us to secure products, to secure ability to put in place those very, very low lossless, I would call, very low latency networks that can scale and Ethernet is what makes those networks scale.
Harsh Kumar: Understood.
Hock Tan: Thanks, Harsh.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Harlan Sur with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Hock, as your cloud customers are now aggressively focused on generative AI development and deployment across their data center footprint, right? This is driving strong AI-focused Ethernet switch port demand and demand for our compute offload as like TPU for this year, as you mentioned. But from a new product ramp and design win funnel perspective, is this also causing your cloud customers to want to pull forward some of your future programs like Tomahawk 5 or Jericho 3 next-gen switching and routing products and/or pulling the design and tape out of their next-generation compute offload AI ASIC programs?
Hock Tan: Yes. We are seeing all of the foregoing by the way and that happened over the last 90 days. We have seen a lot of that urgency, a lot of that, you might call it excitement, but you hit it right on.
Harlan Sur: Okay.
Hock Tan: Yes. Which is accounting for the color in my commentary about both net -- generative AI-based network and pushing us to develop a new generation altogether of Ethernet switching that can support this kind of very compute and data intensive workloads. So thats one side of it. And the other side of it, you are right, we have typically not want to talk much about compute offload, which is another way of saying, yeah, these are very related to some of the engines that certain -- that are fairly customized dedicated to certain hyperscalers.
Harlan Sur: Thank you, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. Hock, I am just curious to understand just the views about the second half. If I look at the last few years, Broadcom has managed to grow semiconductor sales, right, anywhere between 5% to kind of double-digit second half half-over-half, just the broader business environment. So its kind of more of a broader business environment question, not guidance per se, what could change that trend for Broadcom in a positive or negative way this year?
Hock Tan: In a sort of broadly conceptual, not a guidance, as you say, but trend this way. We are kind of getting rather hopeful that it would be a soft lending. That will be moderation as we are indicating this future -- in this Q2 quarter moderating growth, but we see nonetheless, as probably leading to a soft landing of still a year-on-year improvement in the second half.
Vivek Arya: Understood. Thank you, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to verify, Hock, did you say that you started hearing urgency from your hyperscale customers around the AI in the last 90 days, and just given that, how do I think about that in the context of lead times that are still 50 weeks. You have got like, sounds like, $1.6 billion in incremental net working growth in year-over-year in 2023 from AI across both Ethernet and the ASICs. I guess given the lead times, is that more of a second half kind of thing when that contributes to the model or does it contribute more linearly for the year or I guess just how do I think about the timing levels in the wake of the strong demand right now just given the broader lead times?
Hock Tan: Stacy, thank you for your question. Very perceptive. And as I say, we are not -- we are trying not to -- we are not guiding you guys what happens beyond the second quarter, not the second half of this year and...
Stacy Rasgon: You give us some guidance for the year on this, right, so...
Hock Tan: No guidance. Sorry, I give you a conceptual trend, how is that. But
Stacy Rasgon: Okay.
Hock Tan: But having said that, no, we are still working through timing of when our customers need those urgent -- those products in a fairly urgent manner and our ability to obviously want to be very, very helpful to help customers launch aggressively into generative AI. So we are in the midst of that.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. Because like the networking implied guide for Q2 has got to be up like, call it, mid-teens sequentially. Is that some of that contributing or do I get even more -- I guess as we go beyond, because we are already -- once you get through this quarter, we are already through the first half, right? So I guess
Hock Tan: I think
Stacy Rasgon: .I have been asking in the second half, right?
Hock Tan: Stacy, I wish you guys will not do too much analysis, but I know that wont happen. I am only guiding Q2. I will let you figure out what happens in the second half. I think you are probably better of did than I am.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Okay. Thank you so much, Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question and I know that it might be difficult to share too much on the ongoing review from the European Commission. But I was hoping maybe you could speak a little bit about where they are concerned, i.e., mix fiber channel, host bus adapters and other storage adapters. Do you view these as core businesses within Broadcom, are they easy to extract out of your portfolio and is there IP that is critical for these businesses that are clearly used by your other larger core businesses? Anything to kind of help us understand would be grateful. Thank you.
Hock Tan: C.J., I appreciate the fact that you have been definitely reading a lot of those Reuters and Bloomberg and Lexicon report. I appreciate that. And you equally know that I cannot -- I will not comment on any of this as we are working very, very positively and progressively with regulators on all the issues related to our clearance. So, sorry, I cant comment. But just to let you know, we are making good progress.
C.J. Muse: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: Yeah. Hi, Hock. Just a quick question on -- you talked about generative AI. Just wondering, as you look at the workload, what percent of workload would be on generative AI, like exiting 20 -- calendar 2023 or 2024? And also I want to hit on the silicon photonics side, I think, you briefly mentioned the silicon photonics cable with integrated switch, the 51.2 terabytes switch. When do you see this ramping and whats the power advantage on that? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, its -- I am sure I dont need to elaborate on what we all hear about on generative AI and its -- I think its still early innings on generative AI. But we obviously are also indicating, as we are seeing a very strong and a strong sense of urgency among our customers especially in the hyperscale environment to be -- to not miss out -- not to be late in this trend. And with generative AI, as I said, with many more -- much more billions of parameters that come into the models that they are doing. You are talking about scale out of A -- of data centers driving AI engines network together in a manner that we probably have not seen before. Its not a problem thats not solvable. It is very, very clearly solvable. As evidenced by the fact that we have and deploy technology to support AI networks even today to certain hyperscalers, where we are talking about at least hundreds and on thousands of AI engines, AI service network together and working in a synchronous manner. So this is about ability to scale out in a fairly substantial manner. And that was the color I was providing and its really about trying to make sure that happens and not be the bottleneck to our ability to get the best performance -- system performance and I emphasize the word system performance of an AI data center. And where its coming from right now is, frankly, how to network them and how to do those massive parametric exchange, so to say, when you run large numbers of engines or machines in parallel, as you grind through this huge database and that we need to do. So thats -- we are in early innings and which is why we think we have time to come up -- to start to work on even a new generation of switches in Ethernet that are dedicated -- that are specifically designed dedicated to these kind of workloads, which are very different from the normal workloads that we see today traditionally in data centers and we have to address that. They have to be, as I say, literally lossless, virtually lossless, very low latency and be able to scale into thousands of engines and thats the main three criteria we are aware of and we are driving solutions -- silicon solutions that enable that. We have it but we think we need to improve the performance of what we have to -- and in anticipation of a trend that we foresee over the next several years and so we are putting
Vijay Rakesh: Okay.
Hock Tan:  a lot of investment in that direction.
Vijay Rakesh: On the silicon photonics cable, just wondering when the time of ramp and
Hock Tan: Its there
Vijay Rakesh:  or advantages there? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Well, we intend to launch Tomahawk 5 early 2024 as we indicated previously and thats the conventional silicon-based with pluggable optics switch top of the rack switch Tomahawk 5 51.2 terabit per second. Bailey, which is the fully integrated silicon photonic version. You dont fully integrate the active component -- element -- active elements of those pluggable optics into the switch. We anticipate launching that shortly thereafter. Power wise, you can see silicon photonics, thats a lot. The Tomahawk 5 compared to what we have today is 2x the performance of Tomahawk 4 and but we believe we can do Tomahawk 5 at the same power, close to the same power if not lower than Tomahawk 4.
Vijay Rakesh: Great. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Thanks certainly ask the question. I wanted to go into the compute offload number that you talked about, Hock, the $2 billion last fiscal year going to $3 billion this year. I know its a touchy subject and so no customer specifics, of course. But generally speaking, can you just talk about the breadth and types of compute offload and how thats changing in the mix from the $2 billion last year to $3 billion this year?
Hock Tan: Well, Id rather not answer that question, Ross. Highly sensitive to some of my very limited customer base. But as I said, it includes some of the engines -- the compute engines and some are related components that support this engine.
Ross Seymore: Is the concentration changing? So are you broadening customers in that growth?
Hock Tan: No. No. Very concentrated.
Ross Seymore: Okay. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity. Your line is open.
Edward Snyder: Thank you very much. Good quarter, Hock. So apparently over the last quarter you were getting out of wireless, you are getting into wireless or handset guys are going to start doing wireless. So I wanted to get a couple of updates. So maybe you could set the record straight. First of all, even if you see a sea change in, lets say, silicon, mixed silicon baseband providers in the next year or two, does that fundamentally change your opinion of your wireless group, and either way, actually, does it get better, does it get worse, because obviously, if architectures change, it has a big impact on supply chain and I know, historically, you have worked very closely with key players and helping develop all the other pieces of the puzzle like transceivers that are required if you are going to do your own. So maybe you could just kind of reset the bar on what you expect for without guidance, but in general, the wireless division in the next year or two, does that for you to get greater? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Thanks. Good question, Ed. As you know, our wireless division -- group, as you call it, division, its really not one single product line or one single division, its not one homogenous group either and it is several -- a few key products that comprises this wireless division. All selling -- you are right -- you are correct, to the same application and very high end flagship status handsets and largely focused on one key customer in North America are much below the North American OEM customers. So in that sense, its one single focus area. And to answer your question, while we are multiple -- on these multiple products and they tend to keep progress as each new generation happens may not be every year, but it happens pretty -- fairly regular frequency on a cadence that is pretty predictable after while each on its own cadence. Its a very, very good business for us. And to answer your question directly, no, its nothing significant -- meaningful has changed. Our relationship, our strategic engagement continues very much the same as it has for the last multiple years and we see that to continue in a fairly predictable stable manner.
Edward Snyder: And then just to remind if we could, a three-year roadmap, I mean, you see stuff pretty far out, right?
Hock Tan: Yes.
Edward Snyder: Great. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Pierre Ferragu with New Street Research. Your line is open.
Pierre Ferragu: Great. Thank you for taking question. Can you hear me well?
Kirsten Spears: Yeah.
Hock Tan: Yes.
Pierre Ferragu: Great. So I am trying to put together a perspective of whats happening at hyperscale clients this year. So if I look at your networking division, if you grow like at least $600 million this year in AI and if you have compute for $1 billion growth -- by the billion, that might well represent all your growth in that -- in networking. So that would mean the only thing that is really growing and that we bring a lot this year in that space is AI. And when I look at outside of Broadcom, what we have seen is memory and x86 CPU servers are having a very difficult time at the moment, we expect a recovery in the second half, while the GPU segment of the market is actually in very, very good shape and growing very well and accelerating again. So my question at the end of the day is, is it fair to say that in these large data centers this year only AI is growing and is that a sign of what the future will be or do you think the general purpose started in infrastructure or like centered around x86 or similar or general purpose CPUs still is a very good growth market?
Hock Tan: You post very, very interesting and good questions, Pierre. The problem is, I do not -- my customers -- hyperscale customers do not necessarily honor me by sharing all those insights that you -- and on those questions you are asking. I do not know. I do not know. All I know and what I do know, because I dont sell CPUs. I dont even sell them GPUs, by the way. But I know what you know out there, which is in certain areas of their business, we are seeing some of these hyperscalers bringing on a sense of urgency and focus, and of course, spending to be up to speed if not to not be left behind as we see the excitement hype perhaps in pushing applications and workloads in generative AI. Thats what we see driving a lot of this excitement, and we are always saying is, we have seen some of that effect on our networking business with those hyperscalers. Thats what it is. Beyond that, we, unfortunately, other than the backlog we get in normal networking switches, routers and key components, we see that. And as I indicated in the last quarters results, we continue to see sustained strength. Now last quarter and continuing as we indicate this particular quarter Q2. Beyond that, we dont get to see -- we do not want to guide what we are going to see beyond that. But right now, last quarter, this quarter, yeah, traditional data centers scale out in networking and deployment in networking continues to be strong and sustained in hyperscalers as well I might indicate in the enterprise.
Pierre Ferragu: Okay. Great. And just to clarify specifically on what you are doing, is that fair to assume that the majority -- a very large majority of your growth this year in networking is going to come from AI, which you have $600 million coming from AIs Ethernet and $1 billion coming from [inaudible] or is that not the right way to think about it? Just for your business, I am not looking at anything else?
Hock Tan: I will not think about it at this point. It might be a bit too mature. Dont forget generative
Pierre Ferragu: Okay.
Hock Tan: AI is still early stage.
Pierre Ferragu: Yes. Okay. That very clear. Thanks, Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have time for one final question and that will come from the line of Karl Ackerman with BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Karl Ackerman: Yeah. Thank you for taking my question. There were many great questions, quite frankly, on the networking business, which I think is quite significant for you. Maybe if I could, a clarification on that and then a broader question that I want to address on broadband. On the networking piece, I was curious if you could discuss the growth opportunity in your Tomahawk portfolio now that a peer has elected to stop investing in their switch division. And then as it relates to broadband, several companies across the broadband ecosystem have guided a softer outlook due to a buildup of inventory, but quite frankly, thats been on the customer premise side, you obviously have more weighting towards fiber and sell into the infrastructure portion. And so I was hoping you could discuss how you are thinking about the growth of your fiber business within broadband both from an infrastructure side and a consumer equipment standpoint as governments begin to deploy funds for broadband infrastructure? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Thank you for that question. Yes. Broadband is, for us, a very, very good business and very sustaining. Used to be boring. Boring is good at this point. And last quarter, Q1, as I reported, we actually grew 34% year-on-year. In my view, thats rather exceptional even though in broadband, we have been seeing year-on-year growth now at least for the past four quarters, five quarters. But still 34% was rather exceptional and sure enough Q2, it normalizes to a most date level, but still growing. And the growth in that is simply because we are very well positioned with respect to next-generation PON, 10-gig PON, which has been deployed in big volumes now by telcos supported by the governments and countries all over Europe and even in North America, not to mention other country -- other nations beyond that. Basically, it is about reaching these key utility broadband service to every household and we see a lot of deployment. And then more vertical market, we also see simultaneous with PON or fiber, as you call it, a large strong continued deployment of cable, DOCSIS certainly coax to the home, because the cable operators, a few of them who on the scale of the telcos and who need to maintain competitiveness as the telcos launch 10 gigabit PON. That cable has to update DOCSIS to be able to compete and not lose subscribers in the market -- in the same market they compete against each other. So we see strength both in cable, DOCSIS 3.1, as I call it, and potentially next generation, not yet happening, but hopefully within the next couple of years, DOCSIS 4. -- 4.0. Meanwhile, PON is happening, which accounts for the strength we saw last quarter and continuing strength over the last several quarters and content increases come to not just unit deployment of those gateways and infrastructure, but also the fact that a lot of this deployments come with very high attach rates of WiFi 6 and 6E. And that provides additional boost, content increases more, what I would call it, to our revenue growth in broadband. So thats quietly still chugging along very nicely for us. All right.
Operator: Thank you. As I am showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Ji Yoo for any closing remarks.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, Sherri. In closing, we would like to highlight that Broadcom will be attending the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media and Telecom Conference on Tuesday, March 7th. Broadcom currently plans to report its earnings for the second quarter of fiscal 2023 after close of market on Thursday, June 1, 2023. A public webcast of Broadcoms earnings conference call will follow at 2 p.m. Pacific Time. That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Sherri, you may end the call.
Operator: Thank you all for participating. This concludes todays program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-12-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Head of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, Sherri, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on todays call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; and Charlie Kawwas, President, Semiconductor Solutions Group. Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables after the market closed, describing our financial performance for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcoms website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and an audio replay of the call can be accessed for one year through the Investors section of Broadcoms website. During the prepared comments, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022 results, guidance for our first quarter as well as commentary regarding the business environment. Well take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP results. Ill now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Well, thank you, Ji. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Before I provide color on our Q4 results, let me put in perspective what we achieved in fiscal year 22. For the year, Im pleased to report that consolidated revenue hit a record of $33.2 billion, growing 21% year-on-year, yet another year of double-digit organic growth. This growth was driven by our strong partnerships with customers and increased R&D investments, which enable accelerated adoption of our next-generation technologies. With our robust business model, we grew our fiscal 2022 operating profit by 28% year-on-year and our free cash flow per share by 25% year-upon-year. Now to discuss details of our fiscal Q4. In our fiscal Q4 22, consolidated net revenue was a record $8.9 billion, up 21% year-on-year. Semiconductor solutions revenue increased 26% year-on-year to $7.1 billion, and infrastructure software revenue grew 4% year-on-year to $1.8 billion. In Q4, our semiconductor business continued to perform well across hyperscale, service providers and enterprise. On top of this, wireless grew sequentially as we ramp up the new platform and our North American customer. In reporting these results, Id like to emphasize, we demonstrate our continued discipline in shipping our strong backlog only as and when needed by our end customers. So, in contrast to weak consumer electronics spending today and despite concerns of a global recession, we believe overall infrastructure spending remains strong, and we continue to experience sustained demand in most of our end markets, and this is what we continue to see in Q1. So, let me expand on this. Starting with networking. Networking revenue was a record $2.5 billion and was up 30% year-on-year, representing 35% of our semiconductor revenue. We see strong growth from deployment of Tomahawk 4 for data center switching at hyperscale customers. And we see upgrades of edge and core routing networks with our next-generation Jericho portfolio at cloud and service providers. And at multiple cloud customers, we continue to lead in delivering custom solutions for compute offload accelerators and actually surpassed the $2 billion amount in revenues in fiscal 22. Looking into Q1, we do expect networking revenue to be strong and grow about 20% year-over-year. Next, our storage connectivity revenue was a record $1.2 billion or 17% of semiconductor revenue and up 50% year-on-year. As we have mentioned in previous earnings call, we are benefiting here from substantial content increases as both, cloud and enterprise customers adopt our next-generation MegaRAID and storage adapters. This trend will continue in Q1, and we expect server storage connectivity revenue to grow above 50% year-on-year. Moving on to broadband. Revenue of $1 billion grew 20% year-on-year and represented 15% of semiconductor revenue. Our broadband business is benefiting from ongoing multiyear deployments by North American and European service providers of 10-gigabit PON and DOCSIS 3.1 with embedded Wi-Fi 6 and 6E. In Q1, we expect the secular drivers behind broadband to continue and our business to be strong at about 30% year-on-year growth. Moving on to wireless. Q4 revenue of $2.1 billion represented 29% of semiconductor revenue with the 13% year-on-year increase coming largely from higher content. And in Q1, we expect wireless revenue to be sequentially flat and up low single digits year-on-year. Finally, Q4 industrial resale of $234 million grew 1% year-over-year as softness in China mostly offset the strength in North American and European automotive. In Q1, we forecast industrial resales to continue the trend of low single-digit percent growth year-on-year. And so in summary, Q4 semiconductor solutions revenue was up 26% year-on-year. And in Q1, we expect semiconductor revenue growth to sustain at approximately 20% year-on-year. Moving on to software. In Q4, infrastructure software revenue of $1.8 billion grew 4% year-on-year and represented 21% of total revenue. Core software revenue grew 5% year-on-year. In spite of adverse ForEx impact in dollar terms, consolidated renewal rates averaged 117% of expiring contracts. And in our strategic accounts, we averaged 128%. Within our strategic accounts, annualized bookings of $357 million included $101 million of cross-selling of our portfolio of products to these customers. Over 90% of the renewal value represented recurring subscriptions and maintenance. Over the last 12 months, consolidated renewal rates averaged 120% over expiring contracts. And in our strategic accounts, we averaged 135%. Because of this, our ARR, which is annual recurring revenue, the indicator of forward revenue, at the end of Q4 was $5.4 billion, which was up 4% from a year ago. And in Q1, we expect our infrastructure software segment revenue to be flat year-on-year, reflecting core software revenue growth of mid-single-digit percent year-over-year, offset by a year-on-year decline in the Brocade enterprise and business. In summary, were guiding consolidated Q1 revenue of $8.9 billion, up 16% year-on-year. While we are fully booked for fiscal 2023, in this environment, we are not providing you guidance for the year. Before Kirsten tells you more about our financial performance for the quarter, let me provide a brief update on our pending acquisition of VMware. We are making progress with our various regulatory filings around the world, as we very much expect having received merger clearance in Brazil, Canada and South Africa. We anticipate that time line for the review process would be more extended in other key regions, especially given the size of this transaction. Having said that, were still confident that this transaction will close and be completed in our fiscal 2023. The combination of Broadcom and VMware is about enabling enterprises to accelerate innovation and expand choice by addressing their most complex technology challenges in this multi-cloud era. And we are confident that regulators will see this when they conclude their review. With that, let me turn the call over to Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Revenue was $8.9 billion for the quarter, up 21% from a year ago. Gross margins were 75% of revenue in the quarter and up 10 basis points year-on-year. Operating expenses were $1.2 billion, up 3% year-on-year, driven by investment in R&D. Operating income for the quarter was $5.5 billion and was up 25% from a year ago. Operating margin was 62% of revenue, up approximately 240 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $5.7 billion or 64% of revenue. This figure excludes $129 million of depreciation. Now, a review of the P&L for our two reportable segments. Revenue for our semiconductor solutions segment was $7.1 billion and represented 79% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 26% year-on-year. Gross margins for our semiconductor solutions segment were approximately 71%, up 70 basis points year-on-year driven by product mix and adoption of next-generation products across our extensive product portfolio. Operating expenses were $825 million in Q4, up 4% year-on-year. R&D was $731 million in the quarter, up 4% year-on-year. Q4 semiconductor operating margins were 59%. So, while semiconductor revenue was up 26%, operating profit grew 33% year-on-year. Moving to the P&L for infrastructure software segment. Revenue for infrastructure software was $1.8 billion, up 4% year-on-year and represented 21% of revenue. Gross margins for infrastructure software were 91% in the quarter and operating expenses were $348 million in the quarter, down 1% year-over-year. Infrastructure software operating margin was 72% in Q4, and operating profit grew 6%. Moving to cash flow. Free cash flow in the quarter was $4.5 billion, representing 50% of revenue. We spent $122 million on capital expenditures. Days sales outstanding were 30 days in the fourth quarter compared to 29 days in the third quarter. We ended the fourth quarter with inventory of $1.9 billion, up 5% from the end of the prior quarter because we expect the mix of revenue in Q1 to have a higher cost of materials. We ended the fourth quarter with $12.4 billion of cash and $39.5 billion of gross debt, of which $440 million is short term. Based on current business trends and conditions, our guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2023 is for consolidated revenues of $8.9 billion and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 63% of projected revenue. In forecasting such operating profitability, we would like to point out that because of product mix changes, our non-GAAP gross margin could be down roughly 100 basis points from Q4 and R&D spending could be up sequentially as we step up hiring of engineers for multiple critical projects. Let me recap our financial performance for fiscal year 2022. Our revenue hit a record $33.2 billion, growing 21% year-on-year. Semiconductor solutions revenue was $25.8 billion, up 27% year-over-year. Infrastructure software revenue was $7.4 billion, up 4% year-on-year. Gross margin for the year was 76%, up 110 basis points from a year ago. Our operating expenses were $4.8 billion, up 6% year-on-year. Fiscal 22 operating income was $20.3 billion, up 28% year-over-year and represented 61% of net revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $21 billion, up 27% year-over-year and represented 63% of net revenue. This figure excludes $529 million of depreciation. We spent $424 million on capital expenditures. And free cash flow grew 22% year-on-year to $16.3 billion or 49% of fiscal 22 revenue. Turning to capital allocation. For fiscal 22, we spent $15.5 billion, consisting of $7 billion in the form of cash dividends and $8.5 billion in repurchases and eliminations. We ended the year with $13 billion of authorized share repurchase programs remaining and expect to resume our repurchase of common stock as soon as we can under SEC rules. Excluding the potential impact of any share repurchases, in Q1, we expect the non-GAAP diluted share count to be $435 million. Aligned with our ability to generate increased cash flows in the preceding year, we are announcing an increase in our quarterly common stock cash dividend in Q1 fiscal 2023 to $4.60 per share, an increase of 12% from the prior quarter. We intend to maintain this target quarterly dividend throughout fiscal 23, subject to quarterly Board approval. This implies our fiscal 2023 annual common stock dividend to be a record $18.40 per share. I would like to highlight that this represents the 12th consecutive increase in annual dividends since we initiated dividends in fiscal 2011. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And todays first question will come from C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: You talked about infrastructure holding up well across most segments. I guess, I was hoping you could speak more to why infrastructure to date has been so immune from the weakness weve seen elsewhere in semis. Specifically, can you speak to trends youre seeing perhaps in hyperscale versus enterprise? Any differences there? And also, can you speak to how you see these trends throughout all of fiscal 23? Thanks so much.
Hock Tan: All right. Great question. What we see now, last quarter and this current quarter as we progress is hyperscale spending continues strong; enterprise consumption continues strong; and broadband deployment across North America, Europe and even parts of Asia continues their multiyear trend of growth simply because out of COVID-19, there was a lot of invest -- there was a lot of plans to invest, and these are multiyear. So, exactly as I said, all these areas currently continue to be very much on track as weve seen it. Now, keep in mind, as I said in previous earnings call and Id just reemphasize here today, again, its -- I just want to assure you, we dont believe we are shipping beyond true demand. We continue to scrub -- to basically judge orders, the backlog we have, and we also take pains to only ship to customers who can consume it pretty much within the same quarter before we do it. And so, as far as we can tell, based on what we see as a willingness of our customers to accept and consume the products we ship, thats what we see right now. Asking me for the rest of 23, no, I tend to be more careful in being able to answer that. I dont know the answer to that is my opinion. I do not know whether the strength in acquisition and consumption of our products will continue to sustain for the rest of 23. What we do see is over the next several months, we see those orders still in place. We see customers willing to take the products. We have -- talking to multiple, multiple CIOs among largest enterprise customers we have out there. We have not seen them talk about a reduction in their IT spending. Weve seen many said it will grow and others saying it will at least remain flat. So, I guess, Im cautiously positive about trends looking forward.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore: Hock, I want to follow on C.J.s and maybe ask similar question but in a slightly different way. Last quarter, you talked about actively scrubbing your backlog. And clearly, thats helped to avoid some of the inventory pitfalls that some of your peers have seen. But have you noticed since last quarters call a change in either the rate of your backlog growth? I think it was up about 7% sequentially last quarter, the composition of your backlog or how actively and aggressively you need to scrub it? Any sort of changes in those forward-looking metrics that would alter your view on kind of the sustainability of demand, the duration of it, et cetera?
Hock Tan: It comes down very simply to we continue to scrub our backlog in a manner this quarter, last quarter, no differently than we did it six months or a year ago. We havent changed our focus on ensuring that we do not ship products to the wrong people who just put it on the shelves. That is still very much, very, very intact in our view. Our backlog continues to be way up there, and youre right, makes us change. As you can see, one quarter, it would be broadband growing 20% year-on-year and networking growing 30% year-on-year, and the following quarter is broadband growing 30% year-on-year and networking growing 20%. And it impacts not just from hyperscale bearing their purchases in -- for one of a better word, seasonal manner; its also the particular end markets it goes to. So theres a mix of backlog and products we ship in any particular quarter will vary, and they all change. But it doesnt change the fact that we have still a very, very strong backlog. And what were shipping, which is most important in the current quarter, we believe, is what we are reflecting as end demand for our products.
Operator: One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon: So Hock, I guess just to ask the question explicitly. Last quarter, I think you said your semiconductor backlog was $31 billion and your lead times were still 50 weeks, give or take. What are those numbers now? Like, where is backlog and where are lead times?
Kirsten Spears: Stacy, this is Kirsten Spears. Were not going to guide the year. So, were not providing that...
Stacy Rasgon: Im not asking you to guide the year. Im not asking you to guide the year.
Kirsten Spears: Right. Were fully booked for the year. So, if I give you the backlog number, Im effectively guiding you to the year. So, weve chosen not to provide that data at this time.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. I guess, can you just tell me, has it gone up, flat or down?
Hock Tan: Our forecast for the year, if you want to call it, forecast base -- our backlog, its not our forecast. Well continue -- for the year, well continue to grow. Other than that, Im not telling you what it is. We dont guide.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. But you think that backlog will grow for the year is what youre saying?
Hock Tan: Our year forecast will grow.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Harlan Sur with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Hock, your server storage connectivity business has been extremely strong, right, up 50% plus in fiscal 22. And more importantly, that business continues to sustain based on the January quarter outlook. We typically tend to think about HDD controllers and preamps, but your business is much more diverse than this. So, can you just, first of all, walk us through like what percentage is MegaRAID, PCIe or what I call overall storage connectivity versus your storage controller business, which is primarily HDD controller and preamps? And maybe whats driving the near-term growth in the storage franchise when many of your storage competitors and customers are seeing major weakness in this segment?
Hock Tan: Well, thats an interesting question. Its -- our server storage connectivity -- and youre right, which includes nearline hard drives, which includes some, what we call, on-prem server storage connectivity, host bus adapters included is broad. And I dont have the numbers on my mind exactly what it is. Just broad-based, particularly from the MegaRAID business, as I said, a big part of the growth, the big dollar -- the big percentage growth, as I indicated before, is due to the fact that the new generation of products are all subsystems, our boards. Were not just shipping chips. So, that counts for a big part of the growth. Notwithstanding, unit [ph] growth is up, but not as much as the 50% we announced, obviously. A big part of 50% is content growth as we ship subsystems and boards versus chips. But even then unit growth is up, and its across the board, and its not everything that grows. But enough said that overall, it grows.
Operator: One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Hock, you keep on scrubbing demand and youre shipping to what you think is consumption. So I guess I take it to believe that theres still a gap between what youre shipping and what customers want in any given quarter, I guess we could call that delinquencies, some others call that delinquencies. Obviously, you havent changed your approach, but I would imagine that this delinquency or this gap between what youre shipping in a quarter and what your customers want, thats probably declining. So I guess the question is, can you quantify the gap? And is the gap getting smaller? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Thats an interesting question. And we dont really try to quantify the gap. And a big part of it is -- I dont want to get you guys overly excited, but customer -- you know backlog is -- sometimes its very often categorized or characterized under CRD or customer request dates. Our customer requests date in this particular quarter, for instance, our last particular -- last quarter was much, much higher than what we actually shipped, and it was the same way six months ago. Has it got better from six months ago? I can only guess, and in this forum is the last thing I want to do. But theres still a big amount of CRDs backlog in excess of what we actually ship up.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thank you. I actually have two very quick clarifications. First, Hock, have you seen the impact or you expect to see any impact of China lockdowns in your wireless business in Q2? I know theres nothing -- doesnt seem to be anything in Q1. I was just wondering if theres something we should be prepared for in Q2. And then on the gross margin, I thought I heard gross margin goes down sequentially in your semiconductor business in Q1. Is that really all mix-related, or is there a like-to-like impact that we should keep in mind?
Hock Tan: Okay. Lets take your first question first and then go to a more interesting second question, which is interesting, because it connects a few dots here. On the first one, as you know, our wireless is one single customer, and the COVID shutdown and all that does slow down inter-quarter shipments. But nothing -- we dont see -- Q2 is too far away for me to really give you any sense and our accuracy of what is like, but thats obviously movements between Q4 and Q1 as our numbers does kind of reflect. But -- which is why year-on-year is a pretty good measure. As you see there, Q4 year-on-year was just 13% -- and I shouldnt say just -- was 13%, and Q1 was actually still 1% up, but theres obviously some movements in between, but -- and Im sure that has something to do with COVID logistics -- impact on logistics chain of our largest customer, but I cant really tell in the bigger picture. Now switching and certainly on Q2, Im not positioned to give you any indication. We dont have visibility. Now turning to the second part of your question on gross margin, its all product mix. And its all product mix because there are some -- depending on the particular products we ship, as Ive said many times before, the margin, product margin, gross margin does vary, simply because its the nature of the market conditions, the ecosystem that we have in each of those markets, those niche markets we participate in. But broadly, to give you a sense, perhaps that gives you more color, networking tends to have some of the highest margins collectively of our products and much higher than broadband; and of course, wireless has the lowest. And when you look at Q4 to Q1, the mix shifts away from networking somewhat and more to broadband, and wireless still remains a big chunk of it, even though it hasnt receded as a percent. So, thats why we see that impact on gross margin sequentially. Nothing more than just the mix of products we ship and the natural gross margin on those products vary one from the other. And you can actually see it with the way our inventory grew, too. As we -- as Kirsten reported, our inventory ending Q4 grew about 5% from that ending Q3, the quarter before. And obviously, the Q4 inventory is positioned to ship in Q1, and you see that increase even as our guidance on revenue remains pretty flat.
Operator: One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Great. You talked about being booked for the whole year next year. How much visibility do you think that gives you really? And I guess, whats your philosophy going to be if customers with non-cancelable backlog come to you and try to make an adjustment in a potentially weaker economic period next year?
Hock Tan: Lets start with the first part. I mean, when were booked, were really booked. I mean we got paper that says they have committed orders for us to ship. And as you know, our orders are non-cancelable orders. Customers know that. We have the paper. And when we say we are fully booked, it means we have the backlog sitting there. Now, the second question you asked is a more interesting question. What if we all hit a massive recession, depression or recession, late next year, in the next 6 months, 9 months, and customers -- and things really collapse around years, what would we do? My answer is I dont know, which is partly why were not giving you annual guidance. We will react as and when circumstances require us to do. But at this point, we have the orders.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. That will come from the line of William Stein with Truist.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on the good results and outlook. The -- it seems that the capital allocation policy in terms of the outlook -- maybe the policy didnt change, but at least the tactics did. The payout ratio relative to free cash flow, youre setting that a little bit lower than the 50%, and youre resuming the buyback. And Im hoping you can just discuss why these decisions were made. Does it reflect an indication or a changing view about the timing of the VMware close, or is it related to concerns around macro or anything else? Thank you.
Kirsten Spears: Well, I would say that we are -- policy-wise, weve always said we would pay out approximately 50% of the preceding years free cash flows. And in this economic environment that were all seeing, we believe that a 12% increase year-over-year is a robust dividend. And so yes, were quite happy with that.
Hock Tan: And dont forget, were going to start buyback once the rules allow us to do that. And so, thats another return of cash to shareholders, and we fully intend to get that going as soon as we could.
Kirsten Spears: As soon as we can, and we still have $13 billion under that program.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Matt Ramsay with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matt Ramsay: Hock, I think in some of the prepared script that you guys disclosed that youre now sort of in the compute offload ASIC franchise, the fiscal year was $2 billion. And I think thats maybe a third higher than it was last year. It looks like some of the -- you guys did an event on that business earlier in the year, and things really jumped up in fiscal 18 and then kind of leveled off a bit in terms of revenue. And this is a pretty big, I guess, acceleration in that compute offload business. Maybe you could talk a little bit about the trends there. And are you seeing a broadening of the customer base or maybe higher volumes per tape-out as you go down the node stack? Id just be interested in seeing some of the trends there. It seems like hyperscale really wants custom silicon at this point. Thanks.
Hock Tan: Yes, youre right in that regard that we have multiple programs from the hyperscalers on custom or semi-custom silicon, or largely collectively we call as offload compute. And they all have -- do their own. So, thats -- in one way thats very positive and very opportunistic for our technologies to be deployed. On an ongoing basis, the tricky thing in all this is more will come on, the rate of ramp is harder for us to predict. These are very lumpy programs, fairly large and lumpy, which is why we can get to $2 billion and a raise -- an increase of like, as you correctly say, a third from a year ago. But its lumpy. And the trend is very hard for me to chart out unless you ask for it over the next five years. And even then, if you look it five years, it becomes a question now, would these hyperscalers revert to merchant silicon versus continuing to use custom ASICs, and that poses another issue for me to figure it out. But if you ask for me over the next year or two, where it will go, Id be honest and say Im not positioned to give you really a good forecast.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Hock, I wanted to go back to the prior comment you had made, and I want to make sure Im clear on it. I think possibly within the context of lead times, you talked about customers, I think it was giving you forecast that were notably longer. I just want to understand a little bit of the context behind that comment earlier. Any kind of -- appreciating that youre not giving backlog, any kind of context around that lead time discussion would be helpful.
Hock Tan: We havent in any major substantive way changed our lead times by any means, as Ive said before, and we kind of go along on that practice mode. And we have forecast, but were really not talking about forecast either as it relates to the previous comment. I think I was referring to backlog and paper that we use. And as I said before, even on those papers, we have with customer request dates for shipments, we scrub that date and then scrub each of those demands before we ship it out in the current quarter or the preceding quarter, depending on what it is. But we dont -- we have forecast. But obviously, were not giving you any indication of our forecast at this point simply because we are still grinding our way through the backlog.
Operator: One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hock, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about your business in China, not so much from a ship to perspective from -- end consumption perspective. I know you dont have perfect visibility into being whats consumed at the end customer level. But if you can kind of talk about what youre seeing in terms of trends across enterprise, cloud and service providers, that would be helpful. How significant of a headwind was China in fiscal 22? And what are your expectations going forward? And what are you hearing from your end customers? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Well, to answer your question directly is China has slowed down in terms of consumption of products across industrial, across even infrastructure. It has slowed down, and we see that. Theyre still not totally collapsed, but they have slowed down compared to what they were taking a year ago. But thats -- and we see that particularly in our industrial business, which as we -- I indicated in my prepared remarks, strength in Europe, strength in North America especially in automotive, but weakness in China, which is a big part of our industrial business slowed it down. But beyond that, in the IT side, yes, we have seen a slowdown. But keep in mind, China represents just less than 10% of our total revenues today. So, while it obviously has some level of offsetting effect, its not sufficiently launch to have that much impact on our overall growth trend for the entire company.
Toshiya Hari: And any signs of improvement going forward, Hock, on the IT side, or is it too early to tell?
Hock Tan: I think its too early at this point for me to make a call. Its -- theres a sense of some reopening. But if I make a call, good chance I could be wrong in a months time when things might shut down again.
Operator: One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna.
Christopher Rolland: Congrats on bucking the trend on semis here, Hock. So, my question, it was kind of addressed on the last one, but I wanted to talk about the divergence, particularly between storage and maybe China enterprise networking. You had -- theres a lot -- your other competitor in, call it, core hard disk drive, talked about a downturn in demand, in storage, a large inventory build, and something similar happening in China networking as well, and you guys have seemingly such a big divergence there. And I was wondering if perhaps you had an explanation for some of that and why the difference.
Hock Tan: The only explanation to an earlier question was our portfolio in service storage is pretty broad-based. Now, with a couple of areas that are very large areas like RAID, MegaRAID, particularly pretty much, but they are more than MegaRAID we have. Youre correct. Its pretty broad-based. And there are some puts and takes, obviously. But overall, we see what we tell you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder: Hock, Id like to talk a little bit about your wireless business, which is more retail-focused and probably will be the first one to see any recessionary pressures if you him them. I know you guide this really solid. First, give us some idea of your firm order book. I know you get a projection when the model year starts on what the total number would be for the year, but you dont get a firm order for that for some time. So just kind of what is -- what would you -- how would you characterize firm order book for that or orders per se? Is it a 30-day, 60-day? So help anticipate if you see a change when would that be. And then maybe if you could touch on how we should think about overall content at your largest customer in the next year or so because theres obviously increased competition in some of your core areas, and I was wondering if youre looking to shift more of your focus there into some of the mixed signal custom stuff and maybe wait for some of the RF. Thanks.
Hock Tan: Okay. Interesting question. Let me try and address that. First, I assume you imply when you say orders or forecast on shipments, we only guide Q1, so I can only give you Q1. And its all -- we have been all on paper, orders. These are real orders, non-cancelable. So, were giving you numbers that we intend to ship that we think the customer needs as far as we can scrub. And we have it. These are committed orders. These are not forecasts at all, especially when you talk about Q1, which ends, by the way, end of January. We have orders beyond end of January as it is. So, these are very committed orders. And in that -- by that same token, pretty committed revenue forecast. Just to make it clear. Youre right -- and by the way, we have pretty good visibility for -- from that particular customer, too. Now beyond that, to the second part of your question, yes, were very pleased with content increase that we have experienced, not every year necessarily, as you know. But over a period of years, we always see this content increase. And were still very, very well positioned in our product line -- in those few product lines that are, I call it, almost franchise in our North American customers. And this is Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, this is RF front end, and this is touchscreen controllers, high performance, mixed single. And thats -- we can only -- and thats all we focus on because these are areas where we are the best, we believe we have the best technology and delivering value to our customers. Theres no reason to find something else where youre not the best and hope to gain share from someone else. I could apply the same to my competitors in their thinking.
Edward Snyder: But you dont see the competitive landscape shifting and making things more difficult for you in that, especially in the RF section in the next coming year or so, you think your franchises or your franchises and you...
Hock Tan: Answer is no.
Operator: And our last question of the day will come from the line of Pierre Ferragu with New Street Research.
Pierre Ferragu: Hock, you mentioned youre fully booked for 2023. Youve had a lot of questions on that one. So, I apologize in advance for squeezing in one last one. And I was wondering, if you look at the year as you see it books today, if you could tell us in this like booking dynamics, where do you see for the full year 2023 the most growth and the least growth? I know you cant give us like numbers, and you dont want to guide. I completely accepted that. But if you could give us like a kind of idea of where things keep growing very fast, where things are slowing down in your order dynamics over the full year.
Hock Tan: Infrastructure is still holding up very well, as we have said in this call so far. We see -- we continue to see infrastructure. And infrastructure, by looking at it, comes from hyperscale, in building their data centers and components to their data centers; in service providers, like telcos, where we see our strength in broadband access, gateways and broadband. And I know people are finding hard to imagine, were seeing it even in enterprise, where we do not -- where -- thats why I made a comment earlier, we do not see across a cross-section of large enterprises, reduction in the IT spending for 2023. We have not seen -- we have not come across too many enterprise customers, and Im talking real end-use customers, end-user enterprise customers who are seeing their IT budget drop below 22. For most that we have asked, its either flat or even up as they all continue to have the compelling need to keep modernizing their platform and workloads and digitizing their business model. And I think that is the only -- that was the only explanation given to me why there was no such clear reduction even as we all hear every day the likelihood, possibility of a global recession.
Operator: Thank you. As there are no further questions in the queue at this time, I would now like to turn the call back over to Ji Yoo for any closing remarks.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, Sherri. Broadcom currently plans to report its earnings for the first quarter of fiscal 23 after close of market on Thursday, March 2, 2023. A public webcast of Broadcoms earnings conference call will follow at 2 p.m. Pacific. That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Sherri, you may end the call.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you all for participating. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-09-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc.s Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would now like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Head, of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, Sherri, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on today's call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; and Charlie Kawwas, President, Semiconductor Solutions Group.  Broadcom disturbed press release and financial tables after the market close, describing our financial performance for the third quarter of fiscal year of 2022. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and an audio replay of the call can be accessed for one year through the Investors sections of the Broadcom's website. During the prepared comments, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our third quarter fiscal year '22 results, guidance for our fourth quarter as well as commentary regarding the business environment. We'll take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. I'll now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ji, and thank you everyone for joining today. I feel that -- we feel somewhat surreal here with what I'm about to report and go through in my screen. Let me start by saying, while consumer IT hardware spending has been reported to be weak, very weak, from our vantage point, infrastructure spend is still very much holding. In our fiscal Q3 '22, consolidated net revenue was a record $8.5 billion, up 25% year-on-year. Semiconductor solutions revenue increased 32% year-on-year to $6.6 billion and infrastructure software revenue grew 5% year-on-year to be $1.8 billion. In Q3, our semiconductor business was robust, with solid contributions from all our end markets. Cloud and service provider growth remained strong, and in Q4 is actually expected to accelerate year-on-year, driven by data center build-out and infrastructure upgrades. Year-on-year, enterprise continued to grow for the sixth consecutive quarter on campus deployments and data center refreshes. Looking at Q4, we expect enterprise to continue to grow double-digit percent year-over-year. Meanwhile, in wireless, which is very much tied to our large North American [headphone] (ph) OEM, it was solid in Q3 and is expected to grow in Q4, as we ramp the new platform. Now, let me provide more color by end market. Starting with networking. Networking revenue was a record $2.3 billion and was up 30% year-on-year, representing 35% of our semiconductor revenue. As both cloud and enterprise data centers refresh, they continue to increase adoption of our Tomahawk, Trident and Jericho switching silicon platforms. Importantly, we expect these trends to continue. In mid-August, Broadcom announced the Tomahawk 5 switch series, providing 51.2 terabit per second of Ethernet switching capacity in a single monolithic device, double the bandwidth of any other switch silicon available in the market today. We also announced the industry's first silicon photonics co-packaged with the Tomahawk, which will enable a new benchmark for low power, and extend our leadership and innovation in hyperscale data centers. Networking remains strong, given these drivers. And in Q4, we expect this segment to be up 30% year-over-year. Next, server storage connectivity revenue was a record $1.1 billion or 17% of semiconductor sales, as growth of 70% year-on-year exceeded our expectations. A primary driver remained the growth of our next generation service storage connectivity where we benefited from high content and continued deployment of servers and storage in both cloud and enterprises. We anticipate this strong trend to actually continue. And in Q4, we expect server storage connectivity revenue to grow about 45% year-on-year. Moving on to broadband. Revenue of $1.1 billion grew 20% year-on-year, in line with our expectations and represented 17% of semiconductor sales. This steady growth was driven by major service provider continuing to deploy next generation broadband fiber to the home globally, with high attach rates of Wi-Fi 6 and 6E. We are the industry leader in investing in the next generation Wi-Fi 7 and unlocking amazing wireless experiences across home gateways, enterprise access points and smartphones, and we expect first deployments to occur in the second half 2023. In Q4, we expect our broadband business to grow above 20% year-on-year. Finally -- next moving to wireless. Q3 revenue of $1.6 billion, represented 25% of our revenue in semiconductors. Sustained demand from North American customer drove wireless revenue up 14% year-on-year, in line with our guidance. In Q4, we expect wireless revenue to be seasonally up 20% sequentially and grow 10% year-on-year. Finally, Q3 industrial resales of $244 million declined 4% year-over-year, reflecting weakness in China, partially offset by continued strength in the U.S. and Europe. Nonetheless, for Q4, we forecast industrial resales to rebound to high-single-digit growth year-on-year. In summary, Q3 semiconductor solution revenue was up 32% year-on-year. In Q4, we expect semiconductor revenue to remain strong at 25% year-on-year. Now, putting this in perspective, and if we look at it on a sequential basis, Q3 grew 6% as did Q2, and Q4 will grow another 6%, largely driven by the seasonality of wireless. Turning to software. In Q3, infrastructure software revenue of $1.8 billion grew 5% year-on-year and represented 22% of total revenue. In dollar terms, consolidated renewal rates averaged 128% over expiring contracts, and for strategic accounts, we averaged 140%. Within these strategic accounts, annual bookings of $461 million include $136 million of cross-selling of our portfolio products to these core customers. Now, 95% of our renewal value represented recurring subscription and maintenance. And just to put all this in context, over the past 12 months, consolidated renewal rates averaged 122% over expiring contracts. And within strategic accounts, we average -- we actually average 137%. Because of these trends, our ARR and the indicator of forward software revenue at the end of Q3 was $5.5 billion, which was up 5% from a year ago. And in Q4, we expect our infrastructure software revenue to sustain around mid-single-digit percentage growth year-over-year. In summary, therefore, we're guiding consolidated Q4 revenue of $8.9 billion, up 20% year-on-year or 5% sequentially. Now, before Kirsten tells you more about our financial performance for the quarter, let me provide a brief update on our pending acquisition of VMware. We're making good progress with our various regulatory filings around the world. We have an excellent team focused on this effort, and we are moving forward as very much as expected in this regard. We continue to expect the transaction to be completed in Broadcom's fiscal year 2023. We remain excited about our acquisition of VMware and continue to be impressed by the world-class engineering talent as well as strong customer and channel partnerships. We have tremendous respect for what VMware has built. And together, we will enable enterprises to accelerate innovation and expand choice by addressing the most complex technology challenges in this multi-cloud era. And with that, let me turn the call over to Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Revenue was $8.5 billion for the quarter, up 25% from a year ago. Gross margins were 76% of revenue in the quarter and up 80 basis points year-on-year. Operating expenses were $1.2 billion, up 8% year-on-year, driven by investment in R&D. Operating income for the quarter was $5.2 billion and was 32% from a year ago -- was up 32% from a year ago. Operating margin was 61% of revenue, up approximately 320 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $5.4 billion or 63.5% of revenue. Note that this figure excludes $129 million of depreciation. Now, a review of the P&L for our two segments. Revenue for our semiconductor solutions segment was $6.6 billion and represented 78% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 32% year-on-year. Gross margins for our semiconductor solutions segment were approximately 72%, up 220 basis points year-on-year, driven by favorable product mix and content growth in next-generation products across our extensive product portfolio. Operating expenses were $853 million in Q3, up 9% year-on-year. R&D was $765 million in the quarter, up 10% year-on-year. Q3 semiconductor operating margins increased to 59%. So while semiconductor revenue was up 32%, operating profit grew 44%. Moving to the P&L for our infrastructure software segment. Revenue for infrastructure software was $1.8 billion and represented 22% of revenue. This was up 5% year-on-year. Gross margins for infrastructure software were 90% in the quarter and were stable year-over-year. Operating expenses were $375 million in the quarter, up 4% year-over-year. Infrastructure software operating margin was 70% in Q3, and operating profit grew 5%. Moving to cash flow. Free cash flow in the quarter was $4.3 billion, representing 51% of revenue. We spent $116 million on capital expenditures. Days sales outstanding were 29 days in the third quarter compared to 30 days a year ago. We ended the third quarter with inventory of $1.8 billion, up 10% from the end of the prior quarter, in large part due to higher material costs and the expected sequential revenue ramp. We ended the third quarter with $10 billion of cash and $39.5 billion of gross debt, of which $304 million is short term. Turning to capital allocation. In the quarter, we paid stockholders $1.7 billion of cash dividends. Consistent with our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, we repurchased $1.5 billion in common stock and eliminated $292 million of common stock for taxes due on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the elimination of approximately 3.2 million AVGO shares. The non-GAAP diluted share count in Q3 was 436 million. In Q4, we expect the non-GAAP diluted share count to be 435 million, which excludes the potential impact of any share repurchases completed in the fourth quarter. We have not repurchased any of our shares since we announced the pending acquisition of VMware as repurchases are subject to regulatory rules. We maintain our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, including buybacks, as soon as we can under SEC rules. Based on current business trends and conditions, our guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 is for consolidated revenues of $8.9 billion and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 63% of projected revenue. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore: Hock, you started off your preamble talking about the disconnect between some of the macro data points on the consumer side versus the infrastructure side. Obviously, you have a limited exposure on the consumer side of things. But in the networking broadband server, the enterprise and cloud businesses in general, are you seeing any changes? Because it's really hard for, I think, investors and even myself to reconcile the fact that everything is fine for you despite the macro data points seemingly are worsening for many of your peers.
Hock Tan: Well, no. The short answer is no. And by that -- this is what I mean, and this is something I've been talking about -- we've been talking about in the earnings call and in sell-side analyst calls about true demand. What we are mentioning, what we are reporting revenues is in our minds, and we've been looking at it that way the past eight quarters, particularly, as we told you. We scrub to our backlog thoughtfully, carefully before we deliver products to customers, end users, is that that's true end demand. And what we reported to you today, and you see the numbers that we're presenting and the strength of the numbers, if I could say so myself, it's true end demand what we're seeing with respect to the various end markets and the infrastructure products we sell to -- into those end markets. That's as far as we can scrub through true end demand. Now, we also have a ton of backlog, and our lead time continues unchanged at 50 weeks. Now, whether bookings that are placed today are running at somewhat different thoughts, different rates, it's more a function of perception, psychology of customers trying to think one year out. But as far as what we reported in Q3 and expect to see in Q4, we believe to be true -- we believe and we're pretty clear about that to be true end demand and consumption by our customers.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: I just wanted to follow up on that, I guess, Hock. So, I understand you guys are thinking you're shipping to true demand. But, it feels like if this was the actual true demand situation that everybody was facing, that everybody else would feel stronger than they seem to be. So, I guess -- I don't know what else you can say about trying to help us square that circle. But, I guess, what gives you confidence that what you actually are seeing is indeed true demand? I guess, the whole thing about trying to under ship and parse your orders and everything else, but you don't think it's possible that your customers could be gaming you even within -- all the actions that you're taking? I guess, just what kind of confidence, if anything, can investors get around that statement that you think you actually are shipping to true demand?
Hock Tan: Well, I mean, we put in a lot of checks and balances hugely and before we put products out on aircraft or trucks to our customers. And we have been doing this now for two years. So, we're pretty good at doing it. And the question earlier answered -- asked by Ross was, have you seen any particular change and all that? In terms of consumption of our products, and I can only obviously talk about our products and I cant talk beyond our products, no, we don't see that.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thank you. I just wanted to clarify and then ask a question. Hock, I just wanted to clarify if any of your products are directly or indirectly exposed to any China restrictions that have been in the press over the last handful of days. And then, Hock, I wanted to ask the growth question in a different way, which is, in the past, you described a sustainable kind of mid-single-digit growth rate for Broadcom. Is that still a good framework to use as we are looking out at the next year or so, or if you could give us maybe by end market, hyperscaler versus enterprise versus telco or consumer, which markets just conceptually you would expect to kind of grow better or slower than that kind of broad growth rate for the Company?
Hock Tan: That second question is a very interesting question, but let me take care of the first. No, we have not been notified. None of our products are affected by any actions that have occurred over the last week or a few days regarding restriction on shipments to China. We have not been affected, period. And we do not expect to be. Okay? Now, in terms of what you're saying, now that calls for some degree of speculation, but it's more than that. I've always said, the long-term sustainable demand in the semiconductor space is a mid-single-digit compounded growth rate, 5%, thereabout, maybe 6% -- 5%, 6%. And I still believe that, no matter what all the -- I mean hubris, that marketing hubris that has occurred over the past 12 months. It always has been. And I think we will revert to that norm, eventually. Now, obviously, it's very interesting what we're seeing because it depends on where you start that compounded growth because 5% is what I said to be a long-term growth rate. In the short term in this industry, and we've all experienced these cycles, you could have higher than 5% at the up cycle and clearly much lower in the down cycles to average that 5%. And -- but your point is at some point, we'll have to get back to the norm. And I believe we will, not in this year, '22. The rate '22 is growing, assuming our forecast, Q4 comes to play. We're talking about semiconductor growth rate for us of around 25% year-on-year. And that's way above the 5% norm. So, at some point, yes, things will turn around and revert back to that norm. Now, it may take a couple of years before I get there.
Operator: One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Back in April, you guys did this really nice teaching of your customs look in ASIC business. And the business has been growing at a 20% CAGR over the past few years. You've got a pipeline of over 70 programs at 7, 5 and 3 nanometers. And then specifically, Hock, in your compute offload, right, you got some really nice programs like GPU, SmartNIC video transcode. Is the team still on track to drive $2 billion in compute offload ASIC revenues this year? And then, just given the strategic nature of these ASIC programs to your customers' future initiatives, like, will this segment hold up better in a weaker macro environment, let's say, next year?
Hock Tan: Well, to answer your first question, yes, we're on track for this year to hit that $2 billion. We told you that, and we're getting there. As far as does this particular compute offload defy gravity, I don't know. I can't really answer that. I'd like to believe it's emerging, and it's a very emerging business. And so, like, all emerging business that have hit some level of critical mass as it appears to have in our case, it may pull up somewhat better than perhaps enterprise, as we are seeing. And so, you're not wrong in that regard. But that is actually calling for some level of speculation on our part because I mean in more than '23, right? I'm looking at '23, '24, '25, next three years, will it hold up better? That I don't know the answer. For '23, sure, it will hold up better.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi. Hock, I was wondering if you could update us on the semi's backlog number. I think it was $25 billion last call, which was a little bit more than a year. Can you update us on that backlog number? And then also within that, have you seen any movement in the backlog? I mean, I know probably, it's up. But have you seen any customers cancel or push out? I mean, obviously, that was more than offset by incoming bookings, it sounds like. But sort of what's the fluidity within that backlog? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Well, as to clarify the first couple of points, our backlog and our terms are very clear. We do not allow cancellation on our backlog. We have not seen that and -- to answer your second question. And on the first part, keep in mind, our revenue continues to grow each quarter sequentially as our backlog continues to build up. And compared to the preceding quarter, our backlog at the end of Q3 increased to $31 billion. So. we are still shipping below our booking rate.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. That will come from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
William Stein: Hock, sometimes we forget that historically, we've been at an ASP eroding sort of industry, at least on a like part-for-part basis. I know the mix changes over time, but I think that's changed significantly in the last 1.5-year or so. I'm wondering whether you're seeing that dynamic continue or revert and if you can comment as to how that influencing margins. You're getting such tremendous contribution margins in the semi business. I would have to think pricing is playing some part in that.
Hock Tan: Actually, it isn't. I said that before in the previous earnings -- a couple of earnings calls. Its worthwhile for me to repeat. We have been able to raise prices, obviously, over the last -- past 12 months, but only because our material cost has gone up. And so, we're talking -- if we're talking percentages, not absolute dollars, if our cost -- material cost -- cost of goods sold, so expect increase 10% in order to keep our margin in percentage terms from being diluted with the raise of price no less than 10%. And just doing that, it's just staying -- it's just keeping the gross margin in percentage term staying neutral. So, I would say price increases has very little impact on our margin improvement. What is -- what has enabled our margins to accelerate or improve, as I said in the last earnings call, is in this environment of -- in some degree in the last couple of years -- last 12 months, in particular, of basically a pent-up level of spending, particularly in enterprise, somewhat in cloud as well and broadband as well, is the adoption of new -- next-generation products and technology. And that always enhances, as I've said that before, our gross margin. And it's just -- it's the basic fundamental of this semiconductor cycle. New generation of products improves, expands our gross margin. And the accelerated adoption is what expands this gross margin. And that's pretty much what has been the case here, but not price increase per se.
Operator: And one moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Aaron Rakers: I wanted to ask about the wireless segment, solid results this last quarter. It sounds like you're guiding 20% sequential growth into this current quarter. But if I look back over the past couple of years, it's actually been solidly above the 20% sequential growth rate. So, I guess, how are you thinking about the demand profile there? And I guess, with that, your content expansion opportunity as we look at the next-generation product cycle going forward. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Okay. It's -- on the wireless business, if I could try to clarify, when we take any particular three-month period like Q3 and going to be Q4 now and take a snapshot of it and compare it to the same period of time a year ago, it never quite replicates itself in all matters. In other words, it's not -- there's no normalization. So, it could be 20%. It could be 25%. It could even be 30% changes. And I consider that all kind of in the same ballpark, simply because all it takes is a slippage of a couple of weeks in shipments, in products being taken to make that particular difference. So, I would not put too much thinking behind that is 20% whereas it might have been closer to 30% two years ago or a year ago in the same period, if you don't mind, simply because nothing comes up -- to be so planned year-over-year. It changes. But in terms of overall volume, we do not see that much units dramatically different from a year ago. It's really the content increase that might give us that lift year upon year. And even on a lift year-on-year, quarter -- when you compare to any three-month period, take it with a grain of salt that some volume might have shifted forward not be within the these three months. But it's kind of in the ballpark.
Operator: One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Harsh Kumar: First of all, congratulations for reporting very good guidance, very good results in such a turbulent market. Hock, I wanted to ask a quick one and then a main question. There's been a lot of concerning sort of news coming out of China reported by companies. So, I was curious, first of all, how much exposure do you have to China? And then, for my main question, it's a question of sustainability. Somebody asked about revenues, but I wanted to ask about gross margins. You've got 90% odd margins in software that I think is the norm, but then you've got 72% gross margins in semis, which are sort of honestly abnormal compared to other companies. So, when you think of sustainability of that semi business up in the 70s, what do you think are some of the drivers that keep it up there for you guys, longer term?
Hock Tan: Okay. Let me answer the second question first since it's a little more complex. But it isn't. Our semiconductor gross margin, by the way, we talk about sustainability, I would say it keeps expanding. It doesn't stay still, as you probably know. If you look back to five years ago, we were more like 60% -- in the mid-60s or low-60s gross margin. Today, it's now over 70%. And it's simply the case that -- and that's the beauty of the semiconductor technology business. You always have new generation of products, whether it's wireless, running -- creating a generation every 12 to 24 months, whether it's switching, that's every 2, 3 years, or storage, every for 5 years, and every time you put in a new generation, you expand your margin, because you're delivering more value, you're delivering much more value usually, and you are able to extract from the higher value, a higher price and profitability. And that's the beauty of this industry. So, as we keep coming out with new generations, the margins of our portfolio keep expanding. So, we're now at 70s. And you asked where will we be five years from now in this phenomenon of constantly updating to next-generation products, I will see this gross margin expansion continuing. And empirically -- don't ask me for any mathematical formula behind -- physics behind it. But empirically, given our portfolio of about 16 semiconductor franchises, we have averaged close to 50 to 100 basis points expansion year-after-year. And that's pretty good, and we see that trend continuing. And as I responded to an earlier question, over the last two years, we've -- the rebound, you might almost -- feel by perhaps changes in IT spending based on, I guess, lockdowns, based on behavioral changes with COVID-19, we've seen accelerated adoption of next-generation products in many of our franchises. So, we have seen some level of accelerated expansion of our semiconductor gross margin. But things will revert back, my belief, to a more normalized 50 to 100 basis-point expansion, once all this excitement starts cooling off a bit. But we still see the sustainable expansion of our semiconductor gross margin. Software, you're right, we cannot stick there at 90%, and we're not going anywhere with it. But this -- but semiconductor will continue to expand. And last -- your first question, China, that's about 13% of our semiconductor revenue. That's our exposure to China.
Operator: One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Vijay Rakesh: Just two questions here again. Sorry. On the enterprise storage side, I saw you guys had a pretty good quarter guide. Just wondering what your exposure was between consumer and enterprise. And what are you seeing in terms of that strength going forward? And also, just my second question on the VMware side. I know you said you're still expecting that to close in fiscal '23. Can you give us some color, have we gotten most of the approvals, are you waiting on some, where that stands? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, in terms of a breakdown, you're basically asking me -- asking us on our semiconductor revenues, what's our breakdown of our revenues? We would classify three ways, three groups, non-end markets, but groups. It cuts across all our end markets, except probably wireless. Wireless is on consumer. And so no surprise, our consumer business within semiconductor represents about 23 -- just less than 25% of our revenues, just over -- between 20% to 25% is the best description. And on the balance, which could be anywhere from 75% to almost 80% is almost split evenly between enterprise -- traditional enterprise, as we call it, and the final grouping we call as service providers, which is related to the hyperscale guys and telcos, which we consider to be service provider. And that's -- and so between traditional enterprise and telcos, hyperscale, that's evenly split. Consumer, 20% to 25%. As far as the regulator process through VMware, right now, I would say, when you think of it, and we're thinking it across several -- a few -- a couple of jurisdictions. And we're moving -- it's making good progress. And just to reiterate, and we fully expect to close on this within fiscal '23.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joseph Moore: With regards to the 50-week lead times that you talked about, what is your goal there over the next, say, 12 months? Do you want to get that down? And to the extent if you do want to, kind of what has to happen from the standpoint of foundry, substrate, things like that, to get that number lower?
Hock Tan: I don't know. We haven't thought that hard about it yet, seriously, Joe. No. I kind of like the 50-week lead time, to be frank, because it gives us great visibility. It also pushes politely, gently about their demand out one year. So, it gives us great visibility. Meanwhile, between now to the end of 50 weeks, we all know where we stand with each other and we know where we stand now, which is pretty good visibility.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: I wanted to follow up on Joe's question on the supply side. Hock, just based on the sequential revenue growth that you've been marking over the past couple of quarters, your guidance for the October quarter, it's pretty clear that supply continues to be kind of the key determinant of your revenue growth. Based on indications from your foundry supplier and key substrate suppliers, from a modeling perspective, should we expect mid-single-digit growth to be kind of the normal cadence over the next few or several quarters, or could there be a point in time where your rate of growth starts to accelerate, given easing in some of the other end markets? Thank you.
Hock Tan: That's a hell of a good question. So, let me try to answer that and -- which is this. We've always said and we continue to say, it's not really supply that constrains our revenue. We look at -- as we said, we scrub through and trying to really get as closely as we can to what our customers truly need to consume. And we ship according to that. And that's as basic as all that. So, if you look at it that way, supply is not a true constraint. It's demand, a real demand and -- getting to the real demand. Just October quarter, Q4, you see us bump up to 8.9 from 8.4, 8.5. Believe me. This is all largely driven by the seasonal ramp of our North American handset manufacturer. That's really what drives that last increase. So, it's -- we're very, very tight to end consumption of products, and it's not really all about -- much about supply. And I've said that for the last four, five quarters, and we're still in that same behavior mode.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Pierre Ferragu with New Street Research. Please go ahead.
Pierre Ferragu: Hock, you mentioned in your prepared remarks like your first co-packaged optics product in networking. And so, I was wondering if you can give us a slightly deeper overview of where things stand on this front. And -- first on your product portfolio. So, are you going to have, like, in parallel products with co-packaged optics and traditional products that are meant to be used with regular optics in parallel in the next few years? And then, in terms of market adoption, can you give us a sense of how material co-packaged optics is going to become maybe in the next 3, 4, 5 years? And if it's going to be like a progressive adoption on specific use cases or it's going to be more like a hockey stick adoption from the certain bandwidths from which, like, co-package is going to make more sense than pluggable optics?
Hock Tan: Okay. Let me try to talk through this. Basically, your question is about how is -- I mean, we constantly come out across all our product franchises in -- especially in semis, new generation of products. And they're pretty cool, even though I say it myself. And adoption is never as quickly as we all like it to be. It tends to be much slower than we think. So, for instance, take switching, Tomahawks, data -- top of the rank data center switching. I'm still selling Tomahawk 1, 2, Tomahawk 3, which was the generation before the current generation. And now, we are selling Tomahawk 4. And just to give you a sense, Tomahawk 4 as a percent of my total Tomahawk volume, as I would estimate to be less than 30% in total. So, you can see they coexist, and that tends to happen. So, by the time we launch Tomahawk 5, two years from now, we're probably maybe be getting our Tomahawk 1 to the point where it becomes de minimis. So, there is this constant coexistence of multiple generations. And apply it, by the way, to every product we have, server storage where we have 2, 3 -- we have 3 generations running simultaneously because it's the way the world adopts new technology. And we will keep having a mix, which is probably why when you boil down to it at the end of the day, it's -- we have -- there's no hockey stick in any product adoption. There's no such thing as winners take all, whether it's part of a new product or for that matter, a new player. That is always coexistence, a shared volume and a shared mix of technologies. And we see that very clearly across. Now, consumer perhaps is less -- is more of a hockey stick. And even then, we see 2 or 3 generations of our North American OEM running simultaneously. But of course, it's more of a hockey stick, I believe, than our infrastructure products. Infrastructure takes a while, and we would have -- not very uncommon to have three generations running simultaneously. And that means any expansion of gross margin coming back where it drains down to because it's a reflection of product mix of -- in terms of product generation. That's why our gross margin grows much more steadily, but more -- not as rapidly as we would like to, but it's okay because it gets more sustainable. And as each year passes and the newer generation products get adopted more in a measured manner, our gross margin grows that 50 to 100 basis points each particular year that passes. I hope that answers your question.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, I would now like to turn the call back over to Ms. Ji Yoo for any closing remarks.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, Sherri. Broadcom currently plans to report its earnings for the fourth quarter of fiscal '22 after close of market on Thursday, December 8, 2022. A public webcast of Broadcom's earnings conference call will follow at 2 p.m. Pacific. That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Sherri, you may end the call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-06-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom's Inc.'s VMware Transaction and Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions,  I would like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Director of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Joining me on today's call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; Tom Krause, President, Broadcom Software Group; and Charlie Kawwas, Chief Operating Officer. This morning, Broadcom issued a press release and presentation regarding our announced agreement to acquire VMware. We also distributed our fiscal second quarter '22 results and financial tables. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be available via telephone playback for 1 week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared remarks, Hock, Tom and Kirsten will be providing details regarding our announced acquisition of VMware and Broadcom's second quarter fiscal year '22 results, guidance for our third quarter as well as commentary regarding the business environment. We'll take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release and presentation today. and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. I'll now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ji, and thank you everyone for joining today. If you could indulge me, let me start off by reviewing our fiscal Q2 results and our outlook for Q3, and the broader markets, of course, we play in. So in fiscal Q2 '22, consolidated net revenue was a record $8.1 billion, up 23% year-on-year. Semiconductor Solutions revenue growth accelerated to 29% year-on-year to $6.2 billion and infrastructure software revenue grew 5% year-on-year to $1.9 billion. Demand, as referenced by consolidated bookings continue to be strong, even as our lead times remain unchanged, but extended. In Hardware, backlog at the end of Q2 was over $29 billion compared to $25 billion in the preceding quarter, and $21 billion a year ago. In software, backlog grew as well and ended the quarter at over $15 billion compared to $14 billion a year ago. Let me provide more color by end markets. Starting with networking. Networking revenue was a record $2.2 billion with growth accelerating to 44% year-on-year. There were 2 major drivers. We saw substantial deployment by hyperscalers of their AI engines and networks using our Silicon during this quarter. More importantly, we saw adoption of our next-generation merchant switching and routing, continuing to accelerate in hyperscale, enterprises and service providers at the expense of proprietary solutions. This fundamental transition to merchant silicon based on Broadcom's platform will continue in Q3. And as a result, we expect in excess of 25% year-over-year growth in networking. Next, our server storage connectivity revenue was $939 million, and as we guided, accelerated to 66% year-on-year growth. While service storage spending in enterprise was strong, our content increase in next-generation mega rate drove a substantial portion of this growth. Additionally, hyperscalers are aggressively adopting our next-generation server storage solutions to scale their massive consumption of nearline hard disk drive arrays. So in Q3, we expect these same drivers to continue with revenue to grow over 60% year-on-year. Now moving on to broadband. Q2 revenue of $1.1 billion grew 24% year-on-year. Deployment during the quarter of next-generation PON and cable modem  with high fetch rate of Wi-Fi 6 and 6E continue to be good among major service providers globally. Just as a reminder, however, expansion in broadband investments arising particularly from COVID-19 pandemic lockdowns is a multiyear phenomenon. Investments are measured, and we are still in the early innings. Accordingly, in Q3, we do expect Broadcom's broadband revenue to sustain a growth rate around 20% year-on-year. On wireless, Q2 revenue of $1.7 billion was up 6% from a year ago, and as guided declined the seasonal 14% quarter-on-quarter. In Q3, we expect wireless revenue to be flat to slightly down quarter-on-quarter, but our mid-teens percentage from a year ago, reflecting an increase in content. Finally, in Industrial, Q2 resales of $254 million grew 14% year-over-year, driven by strong demand from electric vehicles, renewable energy, factory automation and health care. Reflecting such strong resales, our inventory in the channel continued to be very lean at around 1 month. And in Q3, we expect industrial resales to remain stable and inventory levels to continue to be lean. So in summary, Q2 Semiconductor Solutions revenue was up 29% year-on-year, a step-up from the 20% year-on-year growth in the preceding quarter. As I highlighted above, content increase in server storage and a fundamental shift to merchant silicon in switching and routing drove this accelerated growth. This will continue in Q3 and accordingly, we expect semiconductor revenue in Q3 to grow 31% year-on-year. Now turning to software. In Q2, infrastructure software revenue of $1.9 billion grew 5% year-on-year and represented 23% of total revenue. Core software revenue grew 5% year-on-year. In dollar terms, consolidated renewal rates averaged 120% over expiring contracts. While in strategic accounts, we averaged 136%. Within our strategic accounts, $641 million of represented renewals and expiring contracts, of which $117 million represented cross-selling, including PLAs of our portfolio products to these same customers. Over 90% of the renewal value represented recurring subscription and maintenance. ARR at the end of Q2 was $5.4 billion, which was up 4% from a year ago. And in Q3, we expect our infrastructure software revenue to sustain at mid-single-digit percent growth year-over-year. In summary, our outlook for Q3 Semiconductor revenue growth will continue to be strong, up 31% year-on-year. Layering on our stable software business, we expect Q3 consolidated revenue growth of 24% year-on-year to $8.4 billion. Well, that concludes my discussion of our second quarter results. I will now turn to what perhaps you all have been waiting to hear more about. Now please refer to our accompanying slides regarding our agreement to acquire VMware. As you know, we never embarked on an acquisition unless we feel our core is very strong and solid. Irrespective of what you might think of where we are in the semiconductor cycle today, I do want to reassure you the fundamentals of our business, both in semiconductors and in software have never been stronger. We have just reviewed how solidly grounded these businesses are. So let me discuss now what we believe is a very unique opportunity to take our company and its business to the next level. Starting with Slide #4. By adding VMware, we will bring significant scale to Broadcom's software business and reinforce our position as a premier provider of mission-critical platform solutions to enterprises globally. VMware is an iconic company providing core cloud infrastructure that powers modern enterprises. The company began as the virtualization pioneer, bringing revolutionary levels of efficiency to on-premise data centers. VMware extended its platform to the private cloud, giving enterprise customers unmatched levels of security, performance and control over their applications and underlying infrastructure. The most exciting today, VMware is now powering solutions for multi-cloud, hybrid cloud future where -- one where it will be possible for enterprises to develop and run their apps anywhere, everywhere with known trade-offs in the truly cloud-neutral fashion. One of the reasons we became very interested in VMware was because of its world-class team, engineering-centric culture and strong customer and partner relationships. As shown in Slide 5, VMware importantly aligns incredibly well with the Broadcom strategy. And it has all the attributes we seek in the platforms we operate. VMware is the leader in big, growing and global markets. The company is an indispensable provider for mission critical platform technology with a blue-chip customer base and an incredible innovation engine. As Tom will discuss next in more detail, together with Broadcom's existing software portfolio, we are positioned to create a uniquely powerful value proposition for enterprises, enabling them to develop, deploy and manage their applications securely, seamlessly across every type of cloud and to accelerate the application life cycle for their workloads. And in addition to adding new dimensions of value for customers, VMware also has an ideal profile that will enable us, Broadcom, to create compelling value for our shareholders. As part of Broadcom, our target is for VMware to contribute approximately $8.5 billion of EBITDA once we have fully integrated the company onto our platform. Slide 6 shows that with more than $40 billion of pro forma revenue, and this is pro forma on fiscal '21, we are creating one of the world's largest infrastructure technology companies. Our semiconductor business is one of the largest semiconductor business globally with 17 key franchises. It is highly profitable. And as I just reviewed, continues to post very strong organic growth. Revenues have grown from $15.6 billion in 2017 following the acquisition of classic-Broadcom to $20.4 billion in fiscal '21, all this growth being organic. With the addition of VMware, our software business will now represent close to half of our total pro forma revenue with approximately $20 billion of software revenue for fiscal '21. With this type of scale and a continuing commitment to R&D and innovation, we will be able to significantly invest and fund new innovative solutions that will support our customer base. To now dive deeper into the VMware market opportunity and products, I'll hand the call over to Tom.
Tom Krause: Thanks, Hock. Now turning to Slide 7. As Hock previewed, VMware sits at the nexus of the largest opportunity in enterprise infrastructure today. In essence, VMware is a foundational platform that enables enterprises to drive competitive advantage with technology by leveraging 2 operational modes to develop and run their applications. First, VMware serves many of the same types of customers that we have worked with at Broadcom, large multinational organizations with complex IT challenges. These enterprises want to move fast and innovate, but also mitigate risk by retaining control of their underlying infrastructure and data.  To do this, enterprises are deploying applications in their own data centers, but need software to enable them to develop and run these applications in a flexible, agile and cost-effective fashion. This private cloud market is very large and workload growth in the private cloud continues to grow. Beyond the private cloud, as we all know, public cloud workloads are growing rapidly. The public cloud brings unprecedented scalability and cost benefits and also enables enterprises to leverage cutting-edge technologies to drive their business forward. So we think it is clear that both of these modes, private cloud and public cloud are going to be important for enterprises going forward. Turning to Slide 8. VMware is a truly foundational infrastructure software platform that is critical for enterprises to leverage the benefits of both the private and public cloud. We have tremendous respect for the leading platform VMware has built, supported by an incredible team of R&D talent. By bringing our teams together, we will deliver even more innovation to our customers. As we think about it, VMware's platform really consists of 3 pillars: First, within the core private cloud infrastructure pillar is the category defining vSphere server virtualization platform, vSAN data storage virtualization solution, vRealize cloud management platform that provides automation, analytics and life cycle management for private cloud workloads and NSX, which enables enterprises to manage their entire physical network as a single entity from a single pane of glass. Next, VMware's Tanzu platform provides an end-to-end modern application management platform for building, deploying, securing and operating applications in private, hybrid or public cloud environments. Finally, VMware has a robust portfolio of end user and security solutions that enable employees to securely work from anywhere, anytime and with seamless employee experiences. On Slide 9, let me double-click on the first pillar, as this makes the bulk of VMware's revenue contribution today and is positioned to continue to grow well going forward. VMware pioneered the concept of virtualization, and today this technology is foundational to the development and computing operations of basically all enterprises in the world. Over time, VMware has evolved its value proposition from core server virtualization to enabling one to virtualize the underlying compute resources of the entire data center, which is the private cloud. They further extended this value proposition with NSX and vSAN by enabling software-defined networks and storage. Then with vRealize, VMware made it extremely easy to manage and operate the entire data center infrastructure. With these products, VMware offers a complete platform that delivers the scalability, flexibility and cost benefits of virtualizing the underlying infrastructure across servers, networking and storage. In concert with this private cloud capability, VMware also offers a seamless way to evolve the enterprise infrastructure to embrace the benefits of the public cloud with VMware Cloud Foundation. VMware Cloud Foundation gives the same operating environment for developers, letting them write the code once and deploy it anywhere they want, whether it's in the private cloud, in AWS, Azure, GCP or even across clouds. This simplicity is unique to VMware in ushering in the coming age of mass cloud adoption. Stepping back on Slide 10 and thinking about our existing software portfolio, we are incredibly excited about the opportunity to marry our products with the VMware platform to deliver more end-to-end capabilities to our enterprise customers. As we all know, enterprises need to manage a constantly changing portfolio of thousands of applications that reside on a wide variety of underlying infrastructures; from mainframe to client server, to hybrid and public cloud. And all of these applications are operating in different stages of their life cycle. And we think together, Broadcom software assets for the distributed enterprise can seamlessly complement and augment VMware's multi-cloud offerings in the areas of operation management, value stream and DevOps management and security to address the entire application life cycle. Starting with application development. We bring significant value to help accelerate the development of applications through VMware's Tanzu products and our value stream management products like Rally and Clarity. Once developed, VMware's vSphere and Cloud Foundation can deploy these apps across a wide variety of environments. We can secure these applications with the combined capabilities of Symantec's leading security portfolio along with Carbon Black's cloud native endpoint security products. Now given the hybrid working environment we're all in today, it's critical for enterprise to be able to enable seamless, high performance and ubiquitous access to these applications. And VMware has a leading set of products to enable this. Finally, to optimize and monitor these apps, Broadcom's existing portfolio of AI Ops and Observability, Enterprise Automation and continuous delivery can ensure these applications are running well. Since these applications are constantly changing, it's exciting to be able to close the loop and feed any runtime operational issues right back into the application development step. So what's exciting is that when you put the 2 portfolios together, we're delivering an end-to-end solution that enables enterprises to support the 3 major types of application paradigms, including applications that run critical business functions that will remain in private cloud data centers, applications that are being ported to run in the public cloud and new generation applications that are written natively for one or several of the public cloud providers. We do this across the entire application life cycle, and we can support any underlying IT infrastructure. That's unique to us, and we think this adds massive value to enterprise customers. Moving to the next slide. When I think about this deal, it reminds me of when as Avago, we acquired classic Broadcom. This really transformed the time and modernized our semiconductor business. And ultimately, this is why we renamed ourselves Broadcom. As we come together with VMware, this represents the same level of transformation for our software business and we stand to benefit from VMware's unparalleled brand, trusted apps, a long-standing position as an iconic software platform within a robust vibrant ecosystem of hyperscalers, solutions and cloud providers and channel partners, among others. We're excited to announce that following the closing of the transaction, Broadcom Software Group, will rebrand and operate as VMware, incorporating Broadcom's existing infrastructure and security software solutions into the VMware platform. Together, we will deliver the broadest range of platforms and tools to accelerate our combined customers' digital transformation. Turning to Slide 12. Together, Broadcom and VMware cover all major industry verticals and sell to all enterprises globally. And with this transaction, we are focused on serving all customers via a combination of our collective direct sales organizations as well as through our important channel partners. When we look at the majority of our revenues, they are derived from the largest global multinationals, and they fit 6 key attributes. These customers are usually highly regulated and risk-averse with large and expanding IT budgets. They also have complex and heterogeneous environments that are built around hybrid and multi-cloud strategies. While many of these companies want to explore moving more workloads to the public cloud, they are held back by many factors, including the number of applications that they have, the unfavorable economics of the public cloud for certain workload types, the sensitive data they handle and/or regulation. As a result, these companies will have to keep complex operating environments containing a private cloud, and over time to increasingly leverage the benefits of the public cloud as well. The amount of operational complexity created here is a challenge that we are uniquely qualified to partner with our customers to solve. In summary, together with VMware, we are best positioned to help the world's largest enterprises to embrace a hybrid and multi-cloud environment. As shown on Slide 13, we have a proven track record of creating shareholder value by applying Broadcom's disciplined business model built on significant R&D investment and customer focus. Applying this same model to VMware, we are targeting to increase VMware's stand-alone EBITDA of approximately $4.7 billion to approximately $8.5 billion in pro forma run rate EBITDA within 3 years of closing. Driving this are some material tailwinds to revenue growth and multiple knobs that we can turn on profitability. Some of these opportunities include focusing on research and development, to support efforts where we can uniquely deliver customer value, driving sales and marketing efficiency gains by focusing on our installed base and eliminating duplicative general and administrative functions. We envision a long-term model for software, where we can grow our top line revenues at mid-single digits on a recurring basis, if not faster, while driving EBITDA margins in the mid-60s. Given our scale, this will allow us to reinvest very significant dollars back into the business, both via R&D as well as sales and marketing. Now on Slide 14, let's talk about the deal structure. We are acquiring all of VMware's outstanding shares for approximately $61 billion in a 50% cash, 50% stock transaction. Additionally, we are assuming VMware's $8 billion of net debt. VMware shareholders will have the option to elect between receiving $142.50 in cash or 0.252 shares of Broadcom common stock for each of their shares. We expect VMware shareholders to own approximately 12% of the pro forma company at close. The transaction will be financed with $32 billion in new fully committed debt financing from a consortium of banks. We are committed to a strong balance sheet, and we remain steadfastly committed to our investment-grade rating. The acquisition is subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions, including approval of VMware shareholders. Michael Dell and Silver Lake have agreed to vote in favor of the transaction, and we expect the transaction to close in our fiscal 2023. The merger agreement does include a 40-day "Go Shop" provision. I'll hand it over to Kirsten, who is going to go through the financial results of the quarter and provide an update on our capital allocation policy.
Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Tom. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Revenue was $8.1 billion for the quarter, up 23% from a year ago. Gross margin was 76% of revenue in the quarter and up 145 basis points year-on-year. Operating expenses were $1.2 billion, up 8% year-on-year, driven by investment in R&D. Operating income for the quarter was $4.9 billion and was up 30% from a year ago. Operating margin was 61% of revenue, up approximately 345 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $5.1 billion or 63.1% of revenue. This figure excludes $135 million of depreciation. Now a review of the P&L for our 2 segments. Revenue for our Semiconductor Solutions segment was $6.2 billion and represented 77% of total revenue. This was up 29% year-on-year. Gross margins for our semiconductor solutions segment was approximately 72%, up 290 basis points year-on-year, driven by favorable product mix and content growth in next-generation products across our extensive product portfolio. Operating expenses were $873 million in Q2, up 10% year-on-year. R&D was $772 million in the quarter, up 10% year-on-year. Q2 semiconductor operating margins increased to 58%. So while semiconductor revenue was up 29%, operating profit grew 42%. Moving to the P&L for our Infrastructure Software segment. Revenue for infrastructure software was $1.9 billion and represented 23% of revenue. This was up 5% year-on-year. Gross margin for infrastructure software was 90% in the quarter, up 10 basis points year-over-year. Operating expenses were $374 million in the quarter, up 5% year-over-year. Infrastructure Software operating margin was 70% in Q2 and operating profit grew 5%. Moving to cash flow. Free cash flow in the quarter was $4.2 billion, representing 51% of revenue, we spent $85 million on capital expenditures. Days sales outstanding were 35 days in the second quarter, and we ended the second quarter with inventory of $1.7 billion. We also ended the second quarter with $9 billion of cash and $39.5 billion of gross debt, of which $302 million is short term. With liability management activities during the quarter, we were able to extend our weighted average debt maturity from 10.4 to 10.9 years, with the weighted average interest rate relatively unchanged at 3.6%. Turning to capital allocation. In the quarter, we paid stockholders $1.8 billion of cash dividends. Consistent with our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, we repurchased $2.8 billion in common stock and eliminated $514 million of common stock for taxes due on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the elimination of approximately 6 million AVGO shares. The non-GAAP diluted share count in Q2 was 441 million. Based on current business trends and conditions, our guidance for the third quarter of fiscal 2022 is for consolidated revenues of $8.4 billion, and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 63.5% of projected revenue. Note, that we expect Q3 non-GAAP diluted share count to be 439 million. With the acquisition of VMware, let me now share our thinking on capital allocation policy going forward. Historically, over the last 6 years, we have grown free cash flow to increase at a 41% CAGR organically and through acquisitions. With the acquisition of VMware, we expect to enhance our already strong organic earnings and free cash flow growth. The Board of Directors has approved a third quarter cash dividend on our common stock of $4.10 per share. Following the acquisition of VMware, we remain committed to our dividend policy of returning 50% of prior year's free cash flows as dividends. We are also committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating and plan to rapidly delever from approximately 3.5x gross debt-to-EBITDA at closing, to normalized leverage ratio of less than 2.5x gross debt to EBITDA within approximately 2 years post deal close. Between now and deal close, we expect to generate considerable free cash flow. As it relates to the buyback, we have $3 billion remaining under the current authorization to date. In addition, we are announcing today an incremental $10 billion authorization to buy back shares through the end of December of 2023. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator:  And our first question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Congratulations on the deal and the results. Tom, I wanted to ask a question on the VMware side of things. You gave a bit of a long-term model, mid-single-digit revenue growth and then mid-single or mid-60s EBITDA. Can you talk a little bit about the revenue growth side of that equation? It seems like the VMware asset according to -- the Street is growing a little bit faster than that. What are you doing and assuming as far as the growth rate of that piece? And then on the EBITDA side of things, out of the levers you showed on, I think it's Slide 13. Can you just give us an idea of how those all fall in to get you to that mid-60s level overall?
Tom Krause: Sure, Ross, thanks for the question. Let me start and then I'll let Hock embellish. When we think about the top line, a number of things are going on. But fundamentally, and this is actually back on Slide 7 if everyone has the deck, it's all about workload growth. I mean if you think about private cloud growing mid- to high single digits, public cloud growing high double digits. That's what's really going to drive the top line fundamentally, and that's actually what it got us comfortable with the key business case here. I think in addition to that, we are going to focus on going through a transition and a rapid transition from perpetual licensing to subscription. As you know, with the software business, we've been totally focused on pretty much 100% recurring revenue. And we see ARR growth being able to sustain at 5%, if not faster, when we think about the combined business. When we think about EBITDA, they're in multiple knobs. We covered that. You can look at Slide 13. In terms of R&D, we're going to reinvest back in the core business, the core franchises. If you think about the 3 different pillars of this business, and I went through it. But it's really the core infrastructure business, vSAN, vSphere, vRealize. These are the businesses that are core to driving the bulk of the revenues, and that's where the reinvestment is going to occur. We are going to focus on our common customers. We have a significant go-to-market engine here at Broadcom software, obviously, so does VMware in their own regard, actually much more significant than ours.  And so we have a direct sales force, and we're going to leverage the fact that we have common coverage in both of those areas and take advantage of getting synergies there. But beyond that, we also see a very valuable channel. I think there's some things we've learned relative to the CA and the Symantec acquisitions -- in terms of the value of the channel, and we want to continue to support that channel. And that's going to allow us to support a lot more revenues in a cost-effective way. So we see some real opportunity to leverage that. And then, of course, as you all know, we run G&A at 1% of revenue. We've been integrating companies for a long time. We have tremendous scale. This is going to give us even more significant scale going forward. And we think there's a lot of opportunity there to drive synergies from the redundancies we see. Hock, anything you want to add to that?
Hock Tan: Thanks, Tom. No. Well done on explaining it. But Ross, to answer your question pointedly directly on the revenue side, and you can hear the 2 dynamics going on, one is how we make the investment, where do we do the spending. The other top line is you can see that VMware has a perpetual model a lot in -- a lot of their on-prem licenses, they have a substantial $3 billion perpetual. And we are converting them to over time -- over the next couple of years to subscription. And that will likely take from a reporting point of view, a slight dip, but within 3 years a recovery -- and a recovery back to a run rate that probably, as Tom indicated, is probably higher than mid-single digits, and we are structuring ourselves to go through that.  From an economic point of view, whether it's perpetual or subscription, frankly, is the same. But we want to make it very consistent with the way we run the model. And based on this, we are, in a sense, restructuring the contracts, perpetual, the subscription. And you -- that's why you depending on where you see it, you'll see a slower growth at the beginning, if any, followed by a more rapid growth as we convert more to subscription.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Just getting back to following up on what Ross was asking. This asset is very different than the other two, in terms of growth rate, growth trajectory. It doesn't seem like you would need to divest pieces of the business like you had to -- the other two. Can you just talk us through the synergies that you see in combining these businesses -- and if these businesses in parts have had partnerships in the past? And how would you change that on a go-forward basis, getting back to the Hock's comment on longer term, this could be a faster-growing software business than what you're laying out today?
Tom Krause: Yes. No, certainly. I mean if you think about it, from a go-to-market standpoint, that's where software companies spend the bulk of their dollars. The fact that we're going to go from $5-plus billion of software revenue to much closer to $20 billion is a big deal. And the fact that we can leverage the combined go-to-market engine at that scale gives us huge economies. I think what we're going to be able to do is marry effectively a direct sales force which covers the largest couple of thousand customers.  These are large multinationals across all the key verticals, primarily focused in North America and Europe, but also in parts of Asia with a very significant channel partner arrangements. I think one thing we've learned is there's an opportunity to embrace the channel, the 2-tier distribution model, distribution partners and key value-added resellers. There's also a big GSI opportunity. We worked significantly with GSIs on our side, so does VMware. And so when I look at that in its totality, what we can't do today, given our scale, we can definitely take advantage of with the newfound scale between the 2 companies. Beyond that, when you think about the R&D side of the equation, to dig deeper into it and follow up when we talked about with Ross. When you think about what supports the development of software, there's a lot of what we refer to sometimes in the  as central engineering. So software business operations, this is the continuous delivery, continuous testing capability, the ability to continuously develop applications on a consistent basis, that's expensive. It requires having your own private data centers or working with cloud providers, and having the scale to be able to drive that kind of R&D investment over a much larger portfolio is also going to drive significant benefits. So hopefully, that helps answer your question. Hock, you want to add anything that.
Hock Tan: Well, again, we're dancing around the central issue, which is we will keep -- and we have seen us -- we invest in R&D and hardware we do a lot of that if we have to. And it's all at the end of the day, this is a great franchise. In terms of monetization, it's all about execution. And that's, in a nutshell, what we're seeing here. We believe we will execute much, much different, hopefully better, than what we have been seeing so far.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Tom, I found your comments on leveraging the new channel differently to be interesting because I guess I'm going to oversimplify, but your prior strategy was sort of to focus on the largest customers and kind of let the long tail sort of wither. Am I right in sort of thinking that you are sort of changing that now, you're going to be going after that long tail a little harder because now you actually have the channel to do it? And will that be like feeding into the other -- it sounds like it'd be feeding into the other businesses as well. I guess maybe could you talk a little bit more about how that business model is changing, especially in that like tail of smaller customers? What does that actually mean for the degree of cost synergies and everything that can come out of this relative to what you've seen before. And it doesn't sound like you're seeing that driving upside to the growth rate. You're still talking about mid-single digits, although, again, maybe there's some conservatism in that number. But anything you could give us on maybe some of that change in the business model, especially around the long tail of customers would be helpful.
Tom Krause: Yes. No, you're picking up on it, Stacy. I think a lot of it is because of the portfolio and the fact that we . Yes, Stacy, a lot of it is based on the portfolio and the breadth of capability that VMware has relative to where we sit today. You're right. When we bought CA, mainframe made up at least half of the revenues. Today's mainframe is still about 50% of the overall software business at Broadcom. That's very much levered toward about 500 accounts in what we call our strategic account area, which is a direct sales motion. And that's also where we saw a lot of opportunity to drive customer synergy with Symantec, particularly around some of the Blue Coat and DLP activities that we were driving. So that was the business model that made sense. That, of course, meant we could drive operating margins, frankly, slightly north of 70% because we didn't have to invest as much in our go-to-market motion. I think with VMware, when we look at it and we look at the fact that vSphere, going back to the core, serves over 300,000 customers, and we look at the growth that the company is driving with their more modern applications, whether it be for private cloud or public cloud, we see a much bigger opportunity. And so to support that opportunity, we need to invest in sales and marketing. So when you think about the 60s EBITDA margins that I was discussing, I think I said mid-60s. That's on a much bigger scale, but at a lower EBITDA margin profile that we're running today. All of that variance is going back into the sales and marketing investment. And we think from learning about how we  and Symantec, and frankly some of the revenues that we gave up, we think we can actually go back and reinvest in the channel and continue to drive revenue growth profitably. We don't want to walk away from the channel. We actually want to embrace it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: I had a question on the process and then on the accretion side. So on the process side, which jurisdictions will you need approvals from? Do you see any product overlap that any regulator could push back against? And why is there a "Go Shop" provision? And then on the accretion side, will this be accretive in year 1. And I think, Tom, you said mid-60s EBITDA margin. Is that for VMware only? Or is that for your entire software business? Because the rest of the software business is running closer to 70%, I believe. So just any thoughts on the process and the accretion would be very helpful.
Tom Krause: Yes, sure. So this will be accretive out of the gate, and it will get very accretive as we get through our integration process. As you look at the aggregate value here and then you look at the EBITDA expectations, we expect to drive double-digit cash-on-cash returns. That's always been our criteria, and we think that's going to create a lot of value for shareholders. In jurisdictions, we're going to file in a number of areas. You'll see that in the filings when -- around the merger agreement and everything else. But nothing out of ordinary there. And then I won't comment much on the "Go Shop", other than to say it was a highly negotiated deal and there is a "Go Shop" for 40 days.
Hock Tan: To clarify, the mid-60s refer to VMware stand-alone where we're driving it. And just to make it clear on handling where the long tail is, I think our strategy of focusing, as Tom indicated very clearly, on selling new products, on supporting the largest enterprises in the world, create their private cloud. And beyond that, having a hybrid cloud structure, we'll probably extend -- as Tom indicated, today, core 600 strategic accounts to a larger group of 1,500 accounts. This is what is enabling us to do with VMware. And that will be direct focus and a lot of attention and support to get -- to drive revenue growth and adoption of the various new products and software stacks that VMware has, especially in the realm of private cloud and software-defined networks.  In terms of the long tail of 300,000 customers, we do not -- as we perhaps had looked at before, we are looking at it very, very positively, too, in the sense that we will make sure these are well supported. This continues to be a business base that will grow, but we will go through it and we will handle these guys through partners, as Tom indicated. Distributors, resellers, GSI partners. These will be handled simplifying our business model. But we will now have a larger core group of global 1,500, and we call it that where VMware and its scale will now enable us to focus as we had focused on the last 600 before.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar from Piper Sandler.
Harsh Kumar: First of all, congratulations on the deal, it sounds like an amazing deal. Hock, for a change, I've got a question on some of your business commentary related to organic Broadcom. You mentioned that in the networking business, you're seeing proprietary solutions from your customers losing out to merchant solutions and silicon that you guys sell. I was curious, is there anything happened recently, which is driving the shift over to your solutions? Or was this just something in the making a long time and it's just now happening? And also, if you can talk about supply concerns, you don't seem to be seeing any supply issues, whereas the other guys are. I'd be curious about color on that.
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, a very interesting question on networking side. It has been a trend, obviously, that has been happening for the last for over 5 years, which is in -- for us in networking, switching and routing, merchant silicon has been taking share over proprietary solutions, black boxes, so to speak. Merchant solutions enable disaggregation of hardware and software. And that always offers more resiliency, more flexibility for customers. It starts with hyperscale. We are now talking about service providers and enterprise. And what perhaps has -- may be triggering an acceleration, which I indicated maybe is probably related to the fact that we are all, enterprises in particular, are now all in reinvesting, upgrading after hiatus, probably from 2019 cutting through to the pandemic time frame.  They are now investing in new data centers. And they are now investing in basically modernizing their data centers and they're going for next generation. And that we figure is what's triggering it. We are seeing acceleration in our Tomahawk 3's and 4's, we're seeing some of the leading-edge products, and the Trident versions correspondingly. We're seeing acceleration in Jericho2c and the latest one at the edge Qumran. All these are the big drivers. And it's almost a fast -- larger adoption than we would perceive under normal growth patterns. To put it bluntly, we're gaining market share in merchant silicon over proprietary solution. And it's an acceleration of a trend that has been going on over 5 years. And that is what is very clear.  And in terms of supply chain question, I always get this question, and of course, I'll answer that point blank: Over the past 12 months or so, we are challenged on making sure we meet demand on a timely basis in just what they want. And if you look at it that way, we do not see a challenge necessary in supply. Rather we see it as a demand -- constant demand challenge in the sense that we have to pass through our backlog carefully.  And as I indicated in the last three months, we just bumped up our backlog substantially. And it doesn't -- in spite of lead times being unchanged -- unextended and unchanged. So there is demand out there that keeps coming in for our products. And now it's particularly so in a couple of areas. It's not necessarily across the board, it is in a couple of areas. And we happen to be very lucky to be in those areas that are still strong, largely related to infrastructure. We are seeing in that networking, that includes both hyperscale, telcos, service providers as well as enterprise. And particularly in enterprise, we are seeing, embellish a lot I might add, by content increase in server storage, connectivity, where we are now selling in the new generation, as I indicated in the last earnings call, subsystems where our customers prefer buying subsystems from us rather than just a chip. And that step-up content dramatically and on top of that, we're still continuing strong demand in these 2 space, we are seeing -- continue to see not just revenue accelerating, but bookings accelerating. And these are real demand. And we have, of course, the supply to meet those critical needs as we see.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hock, so after the acquisition, your business is going to be roughly 50% semis and 50% software. I was hoping you could remind us some of the pros and cons for running these 2 businesses under 1 umbrella. And assuming the deal successfully closes, would you ever consider splitting up to 2 businesses, particularly if you feel like you're not getting the valuation that you deserve?
Hock Tan: To answer right to the bottom line, we see a lot of benefits in putting all these various franchises we have, hardware and software under one umbrella. Think of it this way, Toshiya, it's like what merchant silicon is driving that trend. It's -- the old model is you sell a black box hardware and software system to a customer in the IT department -- to JPMorgan IT department. That's what you do in the past. If something goes wrong, you ask a support, you scream for help and because you don't know what's going on inside the thing. We are creating a model of disaggregation between hardware and software. We may still not know much about systems, but we sure know the technology that enables systems, whether they are switches, routers, compute, storage. And this is Broadcom -- it is a model of disaggregating hardware and software. And combined, I think we are stronger than divided. So I hope that answers your question.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today's conference. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Ji Yoo for any closing remarks.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator. As we have released the results of Broadcom's second quarter of fiscal '22 today, we will no longer hold the conference call previously scheduled for Thursday, June 2. Broadcom currently plans to report its earnings for the third quarter of fiscal '22 after close of market on Thursday, September 1, 2022. A public webcast of Broadcom's earnings conference call will follow at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time. That will conclude our earnings call and call today. Thank you all for joining. Operator, you may end the call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-03-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc.s First Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Director of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, Sheri, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on todays call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; Tom Krause, President, Broadcom Software Group; and Charlie Kawwas, Chief Operating Officer. Broadcom also distributed a press release and financial tables after the market close describing our financial performance for the first quarter fiscal year 2022. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcoms website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our first quarter fiscal year 2022 results, guidance for our second quarter as well as commentary regarding the business environment. Well take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Ill now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Right. Thank you, Ji. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. So in our fiscal Q1 2022, consolidated net revenue was a record $7.7 billion, up 16% year-on-year. Semiconductor solutions revenue grew 20% year-on-year to $5.9 billion and infrastructure software revenue grew 5% year-on-year to $1.8 billion. Now enterprise demand grew very robustly from the trough we saw in Q1 last year as the recovery in enterprise IT spending continued to accelerate. Meanwhile, hyper clouds are upgrading their data centers, and service providers, telcos continue to deploy next-generation fiber-to-the-home. As expected, against the peak of a year ago, wireless grew single digits, and our core software business remains very stable and steady. On the supply front, lead times remain extended and unchanged as inventory of our products in the channel and in our customers remains lean. Our semiconductor backlog at the close of Q1 continued to grow double digits from that of the prior quarter. Let me now provide more color by end markets, starting with networking. Networking revenue of $1.9 billion was up 33% year-on-year and represented 32% of our semiconductor revenue. This strong growth was driven by deployment at scale of Tomahawk 4 and compute off loan across several hyperscale customers, as they upgrade and scale out their data centers. In enterprises, campus switching upgrades continue to accelerate. Let me talk about routing in this space. Investments in 5G backhaul by telco operators worldwide continue to drive strong growth in our Qumran family of products. More than this, the opportunity in our routing silicon has expanded into hyperscale in a very significant way, moving Ethernet into the back-end network of large-scale AI/ML clusters. In particular, Im referring to the Aristas 7800 AI platform, which scales Ethernet to connect many tens of thousands of CPUs and GPUs in hyperscale. This platform is built on our Jericho router. Our devices provide the most cost-effective fabric for AI/ML scaler with an end-to-end congestion managed lossless network and highest efficiency load balancing across the links. Now in contrast to proprietary protocols such as InfiniBand used typically in high-performance computing, we see low-latency Ethernet as the way forward for large-scale AI/ML networks as a widely adopted open architecture. Our unique ability to network these complex AI workloads in hyperscale is extending our customized training and inference SoC footprint at several cloud guys. In Q2, we expect networking to continue to be strong across the board and revenue growth to be in excess of 30% year-over-year. Next, our server storage connectivity revenue was $801 million, and growth accelerated to 32% year-on-year, representing 14% of semiconductor revenue. This was driven in large part by the continuing recovery of enterprise IT spending, much of which was deployed towards upgrading compute service. And most of these compute service use either our MegaRAID or SAN for server storage connectivity. We are also benefiting from increased content as enterprises upgrade to next-generation storage connectivity solutions to support deployment of leading-edge service. Beyond enterprise, with proliferation of video content in social media, we see our cloud customers increasingly adopting Nearline hard disk drives as the primary storage of choice. And to manage this much arrays of hard disk drives, they deploy storage service and expanders, which utilize very much our next-generation storage connectivity, silicon and software, creating another driver for revenue growth. Interestingly, we are also a critical supply of preamplifiers and re-channels in Nearline hard disk drives, with our revenue growing at over 20% CAGR over the last five years. Our Nearline revenue represented over two-thirds of our hard drive business this quarter. With the adoption of next-generation technology here, were selling more bots than just silicon, resulting in much higher dollar content. This dynamic, coupled with continuing strong demand from both enterprise and hyperscale, is expected to accelerate Q2 server storage connectivity revenue to over 55% year-on-year. Now moving on to broadband. Revenue of $911 million grew 23% year-on-year and represented 16% of semiconductor revenue. This was driven largely by increased deployment of next-generation PON and DOCSIS, our cable modem, with high attach rates of Wi-Fi 6 and 6E in home gateways. Examples of this about, last quarter, Charter announced trials of DOCSIS 4.0 running at speeds of 8.5 gigabit downstream and 6 gigabit upstream, both in CPE and remote node. Comcast start the deployment of their Wi-Fi 6E DOCSIS 3.1 gateway, and AT&T announced a multi-gig PON service on their gateways. All of these are using Broadcom SoCs. We remain the market leader in delivering Wi-Fi 6 and 6E chips to leading phones as well as routers, enterprise access point and carrier gateways. Through the first quarter of 2022, we have cumulatively shipped over 1 billion Wi-Fi 6 and 6E radios in just around three years since our launch. Our OEM customers and carrier partners are now ramping Wi-Fi 6E, the current generation of Wi-Fi making use of the 6 gigahertz band, which has increasingly been made available for unlicensed access across the globe. And as we look ahead, we are the industry leader, heavily investing in Wi-Fi 7 as the strategic complement to 10G PON and cable modem  we see  both broadband. We see this as the next step in broadband development and deployment globally. In the U.S. alone, the pending infrastructure access to site $65 billion over the next five years to connect more homes to high-speed broadband. Across the world, the same is happening as next-generation wide broadband is seen as the better alternative to 5G for home connectivity. As far as Q2 is concerned, we expect our broadband business to continue to grow 20% year-on-year. Moving on to wireless. Q1 revenue of $2 billion represented 34% of semiconductor revenue. Demand from our North American customer for our products continued to be strong during the quarter, driving wireless revenue up 10% sequentially and up 4% year-on-year from the peak quarter in fiscal 2021. As expected in Q2, wireless revenue will be seasonally down, about mid-teens quarter-on-quarter, but will still be up mid-single digits from a year ago. Finally, industrial revenue of $243 million represented approximately 4% of Q1 semiconductor revenue. Q1 resales of $239 million grew 37% year-over-year driven by robust demand from electric vehicles, renewable energy, factory automation and health care. Reflecting such strong resales, our inventory in the channel remain around one month, and we expect resales to continue to be strong in Q2. Accordingly, in summary, Q1 semiconductor solution revenue was up 20% year-on-year. Q2, we expect semiconductor revenue to accelerate to 25% year-on-year. Turning to software. In Q1, infrastructure software revenue of $1.8 billion grew 5% year-on-year and represented 24% of total revenue. Core software revenue grew 6% year-on-year. In dollar terms, consolidated renewal rates averaged 121% over expiring contracts, while in our strategic accounts, we averaged 136%. Within this strategic account, $656 million represented renewals on expiring contracts, of which $164 million represented cross-selling, including PLAs, of our portfolio products to the same customers. Over 90% of the renewal value represented recurring subscription and maintenance. Okay. ARR, annual recurring revenue, at the end of Q1 was $5.3 billion, which was up 5% from a year ago. In Q2, we expect our infrastructure software revenue to sustain around mid-single-digit percentage growth year-upon-year. In summary, in Q1, semiconductor revenue grew a strong 20%. In fact, excluding wireless, it grew  actually grew over 30%. Combined with our stable software business, consolidated revenue grew 16% year-on-year to $7.7 billion. Now turning to Q2 guidance. We expect semiconductor revenue growth will accelerate to 25% year-upon-year. And excluding wireless, it will be 35% year-on-year. Layering on our stable software business, we expect Q2 consolidated revenue growth of 20% year-on-year to $7.9 billion. And before I turn this call over to Kirsten, I just want to add, Broadcom recently published its second annual ESG report available on the companys corporate citizenship site, which discusses the companys ESG initiatives. As a global technology leader, we recognized the companys responsibility to have a positive impact on our communities through our product and technology innovation and operational excellence, we remain very committed to this mission. With that, let me turn the call over to Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Revenue was $7.7 billion for the quarter, up 16% from a year ago. Gross margins were 76% of revenue in the quarter and up 227 basis points year-on-year. Operating expenses were $1.2 billion, up 6% year-on-year, driven by investment in research and development. Operating income for the quarter was $4.7 billion and was up 23% from a year ago. Operating margin was 60% of revenue, up approximately 362 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $4.8 billion or 62.5% of revenue. Note that this figure excludes $136 million of depreciation. Now a review of the P& L for our two segments. Revenue for our semiconductor solutions segment was $5.9 billion and represented 76% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 20% year-on-year. Gross margins for our semiconductor solutions segment were approximately 71%, up 347 basis points year-on-year, driven by favorable product mix and content growth in next-generation products across our extensive product portfolio. Operating expenses were $817 million in Q1, up 9% year-on-year. R&D was $725 million in the quarter, up 10% year-on-year. Q1 semiconductor operating margins increased to 57%. So while semiconductor revenue was up 20%, operating profit grew 31%. Moving to the P&L for our infrastructure software segment. Revenue for infrastructure software was $1.8 billion and represented 24% of revenue. This was up 5% year-on-year. Gross margins for infrastructure software were 90% in the quarter, up 71 basis points year-over-year. Operating expenses were $348 million in the quarter, up 1% year-over-year. Infrastructure software operating margin was 71% in Q1, and operating profit grew 7%. Moving to cash flow. Free cash flow in the quarter was $3.4 billion, representing 44% of revenue. We spent $101 million on capital expenditures. Days sales outstanding were 30 days in the first quarter compared to 35 days a year ago. We ended the first quarter with inventory of $1.5 billion, up 17% from the end of the prior quarter, in large part due to higher material costs. Our hardware backlog at the end of the quarter was over $25 billion compared to $22 billion the preceding quarter. And our lead times remain steady at 50 weeks. Our software backlog continued to grow as well and ended the quarter at over $15 billion. As a point of reference, software backlog was $13 billion a year ago. We ended the quarter with $10.2 billion of cash and $39.5 billion of gross debt, of which $300 million is short term. Turning to capital allocation. In the quarter, we paid stockholders $1.8 billion of cash dividends. Consistent with our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, we repurchased $2.7 billion in common stock and eliminated $375 million of common stock for taxes due on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the elimination of approximately 5 million AVGO shares. The non-GAAP diluted share count in Q1 was $446 million. Based on current business trends and conditions, our guidance for the second quarter of fiscal 2022 is for consolidated revenues of $7.9 billion and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 62.5% of projected revenue. Note that we expect Q2 non-GAAP diluted share count to be 442 million. This excludes the potential impact of any share repurchases completed in the second quarter. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon, and congratulations on the strong results and execution. Hock, given your backlog and extended lead times, youve got pretty good visibility into this year. Your end markets are strong, right? Cloud and hyperscale CapEx spending is looking to grow about 30%. Youre driving the 200 and 400 gig networking upgrade cycle. Enterprise spending is still expanding. As you mentioned, Broadcom continues strong, whether its DOCSIS, Wi-Fi, fiber upgrades. And then on your compute acceleration ASIC pipeline, youve got Google, Facebook, Microsoft, all of these guys ramping. So it seems like the demand, your product leadership, seasonality can sustain a sort of low to mid-20% plus type year-over-year revenue growth profile through this year. So I guess the question for you is, do you have line of sight and confidence on sustaining this type of growth through the year? And then more importantly, do you have the supply commitments to support this type of growth?
Hock Tan: Im not providing annual guidance, Harlan, if thats what youre angling for. But what youre saying makes a lot of sense. And to answer your question directly, yes, we have line of sight through end of 2022, both, we believe, in demand and in supply.
Harlan Sur: Thanks, Hock. Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. Hock, I was hoping if you could just revisit whats driving the acceleration in growth. And then the more important question is that there is a perception that semiconductor companies are benefiting abnormally because of a pricing lever because of the tight supply conditions. And as the foundry capacity eases, that your costs will go down and the pricing advantage will disappear. And I was hoping you could give us some more color, how much of a role is pricing playing in the expected sales growth this year on a like-to-like basis versus what you saw last year?
Hock Tan: Thats a very good question. And I mean, and true, the rail demand that were seeing underlying  if you talk about underlying trend that is sustainable, at least in this typical upcycle, youre right, its  while were showing 30% in networking, in server storage, a part of it is driven by ASP increases simply because we are passing on our material cost increases, wafer, substrates, assembly to our customers, inevitably. But its much less than you probably think it is. What is really sustainable is what Harlan said in the previous question. We think the trend demand increase is more like closer to 20% year-on-year than what perhaps in dollar terms youre represented. And how long would it last? Who knows? Its hard for me to figure out, because Ive been wrong so many times, and this is now going on into the almost  2022 is done and is strong. Were now booking, given our lead times I indicated, in 2023. And 2023, I think, will be  at least the first half of 2023 will still be pretty close to the same. And its the latter part of 2023 and 2024 that we have to figure out whether theres enough supply that will start coming in to basically address what is today and what were seeing, an extremely strong demand environment, whether its from enterprise, telcos and service providers and hyperscale, all three are strong.
Vivek Arya: Got it. So price stickiness perhaps can continue into 2023. I just wanted to clarify that.
Hock Tan: At least the first part of 2023, yes.
Vivek Arya: Thank you, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Hock, I wanted to ask about gross margins. So you did like 75.5% in the quarter, 71% for semis. And if I sort of like squint at your guidance, it implies gross margins into Q2 at least at that level, if not even probably higher. And this is amid cost increases and everything else. So I mean how do we think about like the limited  I know you always talked about margins kind of going up 100 basis points a year, and they seem to be doing even better than that. Do we just keep modeling them going up from here? Or do you think they take a pause? Are there are any other drivers like into the back of this year mix or anything else that would sit on that? Just how do we think about it just given the levels that theyre sitting at right now?
Hock Tan: Well, I could tread on my usual statement because it happens to be true, which is year-upon-year under normal situations, yes, we see this 100  around 100 basis points expansion of gross margin on our semiconductor front. You get that. Now Kirsten just indicated, we did better than that in semiconductor. And I guess the  and the reason why we did better than that this season, so to speak, if you come back to my remarks, theres a lot of deployment  launch and deployment of new generation products that I mentioned. Were talking about in networking, Tomahawk 4, and much more, Trident 4, which is more towards some data centers that use in enterprises, come out for use in hyper cloud, that new generation. Then we talk about Jericho being deployed  the latest Jericho being deployed in the bank site networks of machine learning, AI, GPU in the connectivity. Thats a whole new application. Then we talk - in service storage, Ive talked about a whole slew of new generation solutions, which we put in place towards, basically, for new generation, leading-edge servers out there from the guys who do those servers. And with those new generation, we get that better margin. So in all, I guess the additional input I put in is a lot more new generation products coming out now, happen to be in 2022  were seeing happen. And of course, we are, in this environment, thankfully, able to pass on our cost increases to supply  to customers. And that all adds up to a fairly decent gross margin set of results. But do not let that be an indicator, please, that it is something that will be a 200, 300 basis points expansion year-on-year. We still believe normal situation is still be just on average, 100 basis point expansion.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. But as long as you can keep the new products coming, we should still be able to see that 100 basis points even from here?
Hock Tan: Yes. And by the way, its not just me having to come on new products. Theres a pool. The customers, the applications of our markets require us  and thats the beautiful thing about the semiconductors and technology, is always  there always is a need for next-generation better products. Whether its performance power, whatever, is always, theres a pool. And that product life cycle is what enables us to develop these new products, and our margins will keep expanding.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thats helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore: Hi, thanks for let me ask a question. Hock, thanks for the information on the backlog for the semi business. Its good to see that rising as much as it did sequentially, especially considering the lead times stayed flat. While the magnitude is impressive, I really want to ask about the profile of that and how it may or may not be changing. So as that additional backlog comes in, given all the moving parts between enterprise and cloud and broadband and wireless, et cetera, any sort of changes in the profile of that backlog that you find to be interesting, either in a positive or negative sense that will give us a clue about the future growth drivers for your company?
Hock Tan: Thats a good question. And I employed in some of my point  some of my remarks, but let me take you directly. Yes, enterprise, enterprise demand, spending is the strongest driver that were seeing today. And it should be no surprise, because something we have said since last quarter and the quarter before, enterprise has recovered more  than recovered  is going  its on fire, is the best way to describe it. Enterprise spending on IT is, as we perceive it, on fire. And we are seeing a big part of that. And thats not to say that hyper cloud and telcos are not adding to it, but not as strong as enterprise recovery.
Ross Seymore: Any negative surprises in that? You talked about the positive side. Is there anything thats been surprising on the negative side?
Hock Tan: No. Not really. Its just  thats  I think theres a lot of pent-up spending. Theres a lot of need for a lot of enterprises to upgrade. And thats also whats driving, as I indicated in my remarks, a lot of on-prem campus switching investment going in. I mean look at even Broadcom. Weve been using Wi-Fi in our hot spots, in our excess gateways, in  through the campus. A key part of it is wireless connectivity, Wi-Fi, so to speak way. I mean weve been running Wi-Fi 5 for many years. Now is the time to move to Wi-Fi 6, 6E. And were not the only one were seeing across the board, very strong demand from lots of enterprises wanting to upgrade connectivity as offices start to slowly open up.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Yes, guys. Thanks for let me ask the question. Hock, usually at this point in the cycle with lead times extended as much as they are and you guys getting pricing power, the big concern on Wall Street is to what extent is the demand youre seeing real demand versus perhaps your customers building inventory. And I know youre less consumer focused than most. And so maybe inventory builds are less relevant in some of these infrastructure markets. But Im wondering if you could give us your perspective on  or at least what you guys try to do to scrub the backlog to make sure its good demand. And if you think its good demand, Im kind of curious, youve always had a very realistic view of what the long-term growth rate for your semi should be  semi business should be. Is that beginning to change? And like many of your peers who have put up a higher kind of new CAGR, are you willing to go there right now?
Hock Tan: Lets answer the first question first, and let me go to the last one and the best at the end. But on the first part, yes, as Ive stated in previous earnings calls, Im more than happy to reiterate it here, which is we are very, very concerned, obviously, that you could  we could easily build up inventory in various parts of our demand environment, just because we ship according to what customer sending in orders as their customer requested. So we dont  we actually spend a huge amount of bandwidth of our operations and salespeople in this environment to make sure we get products to any particular customer just when they need it. Not any earlier and hopefully not too late either because we like to address customer a real need in that regard. But whats very, very important to us is not to ship excessively. And inventory, whether its in the customer inventory, in distribution, the nice thing about our business in semiconductor is this, 75% of our revenue comes from just about 100 customers, and theyre direct. The last 25% go through distribution. 75% direct to 100 customers. We have enough salespeople. We have enough visibility on these customers to know exactly pretty closely, wed like to think, what they need and ship to what exactly they need. And when we do all that, I said it before in last earnings call, true in demand growth  true growth as we have been seeing in 2021, it was about 20% year-on-year improvement. Now we now take on the fact that material costs have gone up in 2022. So theres an addition beyond 20%. I still believe its about 20% in response to earlier in this environment because the last up cycle we saw in 2017, it was 20% year-on-year improvement. It wasnt stronger than that. And by the way, we sell mostly those big core system on a chip into any platform that our customer builds and sells. We do  and generally, we get very good visibility. If we were to sell more of the peripheral chips, the secondary chips, that adds up to the total platform, and that cause a fraction of what our system on a chip cost. Then perhaps you will not have that visibility, and we believe there are a lot of pockets of those inventory in the wrong places because of unbalanced chipsets sitting out there. But if you  for example, if youre building a data center and you need 1,000 Tomahawk 4s, believe me, you will not buy more than 1,050 Tomahawk 4s. But if you buying voltage regulator, you probably buy 2,000, 3,000 of those voltage regulators just in case. And thats the difference in what were seeing. So we think we get a good sense of whats out there. And the kicker here is the price increase that was passed on because of wafer cost and substrate cost increases, which makes it go over perhaps what we think is a sustainable level. Now to answer your longer-term question, no, I dont think on a long-term, say, next 10 years, would the CAGR change, I think people will say that CAGR change, frankly, are probably dreaming because theres no evidence on our side to show why this industry, which is relatively mature semiconductor industry, should suddenly spiral into a different trend growth rate. We have seen in the last 10 years, compounded roughly 5% annual growth rate. And theres nothing to indicate, frankly, why you would not be that way for the next long-term, 10 years. Now it wont be 5% every year, obviously, were not at 5% this year. But on the long-term, I still think that trend has not changed.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Hock Tan: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you so much for taking the question. Hock, I wanted to ask for your thoughts on capital allocation. Its been a while since your last meaningful acquisition. A lot of things are going on from a macro perspective. Rates are going up. And obviously, the economy is a little bit squishy. You just spent $2.7 billion on buybacks. Just curious how youre thinking about allocation of capital. Any changes to how you think about M&A and your appetite for M&A going forward? Thank you so much.
Hock Tan: Thank you. Well, really, in last quarter, we are very clear about our capital allocation plan, at least for 2022, and which is, frankly, at  were still looking for acquisitions. Weve just been very, very  as we usually do, being very thoughtful and selective about the assets we would acquire. But very much so, were still in the market to look for good  great assets to acquire, and we have the capacity to handle it. And in the meantime, given two years, 2020 and 2022 when we havent done anything on acquisitions and have been earning and generating lots of cash, we have taken on  other than paying dividends and maintaining the policy on dividends that we have outlined for the long-term, we have decided for fiscal 2022  for actually calendar 2022 to put out that buyback program of $10 billion. We spent $2.7 billion of it so far, and we have probably most of the year to go. And well probably use  we will likely use all of it up evenly over the next nine months of the remaining year. And that nothing has changed. But  and we believe we still have the capacity to do a good-sized acquisition.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Pierre Ferragu with New Street Research. Please go ahead.
Pierre Ferragu: Hi, thank you for taking my question. Id love to hear whatever debt you can give us, Hock, on your I think ASIC business in semiconductors. And what Im wondering is how is business trending compared to your other segments in semiconductors. And do you see your ASICs taking share overall with your hyperscale clients? Or is that just growing in line with the rest of the market or actually below the rest of the market?
Hock Tan: Okay. Let me paraphrase my  your question the way I would probably be able to answer it and see if its the right thing. What youre saying is, see, we have a product division that does ASIC custom chips essentially for usually large customers. And thats a good-sized business for us. And a big part of that business to address what youre saying here, is address has been used is now currently, though not in the past, but more recently in the last few years, it was the hyperscale players who are starting to develop  wanting to develop their customized and dedicated accelerators for specific functions and workloads mostly related to, for instance, machine learning, AI, also to do with video transcoding and also gradually increasing virtualization and orchestration of data centers. All those have customized silicon accelerators to enable these hyper cloud guys to run their workloads better and more effectively. I believe that was your question. And the best way to answer your question is year-on-year this quarter, Q1, we grew revenue in this offload computing sector, which all ASIC north of 50% revenue year-upon-year. All right? I hope that answers your question.
Pierre Ferragu: Yes. Thank you. Thats perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Tim Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Tim Arcuri: Hi, thanks a lot. Hock, I had a question on your wireless business. Its been very strong, but youve been recently talking about some trade-offs that one of your customers making is  making on the FBAR side, and maybe making it a little even more concentrated on a single customer. And I know that you consider selling this business some time back, but does even  your further revenue concentration, does it make you rethink maybe how committed you want to be to that segment? And maybe whether you could redeploy this capital into another market, especially as things might be changing on the modem side. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Okay. Good question. And my answer would be very simple and direct. We have always indicated our wireless business is one customer largely, our North American OEM. And you know what, theyre a very good customer. Theyre very strategic. And we are not only selling one product but selling multiple products, which are very strategic to us and I believe also very important and strategic to them, which will  which is what makes a partnership very sustaining. I see this as a very long-term sustaining partnership in the sense of the products we do develop we collectively call wireless because it goes into mobile  a lot of mobile devices, though not entirely, but most of it goes into phones. It goes into wearables. It goes into pads or tablets. And it goes into not so mobile, but many of them are into even notebooks. It goes into all the stuff, and we sell  we develop and provide something like about five different critical engine technology products to this same customer. So it is  it has over 10 years now developed into an extremely sustainable and strategic relationship. Clearly, from our side, yes. Id like to believe from their side, the same thing.
Tim Arcuri: Thanks, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Edward Snyder: Thank you. Well, since we are talking about wireless, I wanted to follow-up with that. Thanks for your answer, Hock, but I want to step back and maybe look at the longer-term on this. You  when you bought Brocade, it kind of shifted the narrative from we dont really need revenue growth. Were mostly looking for cash flow and high margins, which worked out very well. In wireless, you get a little bit different animal with Samsung on the way out because they shifted their phone strategy to more cost-centric and less performance-wise. It made sense for Broadcom to participate there. And your large customer is doing fine. It looks like they will be for years. But as weve already seen on the high end, 5G, the growth in revenue  growth in content is slowing. And by all measures, it will likely stagnate in the next three years to four years. In that kind of environment, and especially if youre not doing the custom designs anymore, given  its just given the revenue may not grow, if margins are affected, what do you do with it? I mean youve not ever embraced the business where both revenues flat to down and margins are in decline. I think the question a lot of folks have is, what could you possibly do? Its so large, and there are so few suitors for it. Its kind of puzzling in three years or four years what the strategy be with wireless. Maybe you could help shed a light on that. Thanks.
Hock Tan: Thats an interesting thing, Ed. Here, all our businesses  I just want to remind you, in our view, as I said, in the view of all semiconductor segments itself, its not a high-growth business. You guys like to think because probably there are a few companies out there who are trying to grow in a business that doesnt grow. 5% is what it is. And so its a business that does grow, but in dollar terms, overall, mid-single digits. I call it a slow growth industry. Within it, however, it still evolves new generation of products constantly. Thats the unusual unique thing about semiconductors. It keeps evolving. Not disruptive much as people like to say they are disruptive. My view is evolutionary, but that evolutionary creates new opportunities for basically selling a better product, a more valuable product to the same customer for the similar application, and it go  which the customer can then monetize back on their own. And thats really all it is. And what we are doing here in wireless is no different. And there is something also very interesting. Every product we sell in wireless is, in fact, a non-standard product. It is customized. It is customized for the needs  for the unique needs and particular requirements of that particular customer. Thats what makes us so successful, and thats what makes the partnership so sustainable. We developed technology in the form of products that we do, whether its an RF, with FBAR, front-end module or whether its pure silicon with some SDK  a lot of SDK software where some unique high performance mixed signal, analog product, all of which we do to this customer, we do it to meet their particular requirements, which allow their products to be at a level thats very differentiated from their own space  in the competitive space they are in. And thats what makes it very unique, and thats what makes this thing keep going. But were not looking for in any end market we are in, in any product line we are in, for high growth. High growth in semiconductor comes in spurts and do not last. If anybody tells you otherwise, please dont believe it because it has never happened.
Edward Snyder: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We do have time for one final question from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Vijay Rakesh: Yes. Hey, Hock, just a question on the networking side. Obviously, very strong growth, up 33% with the Tomahawk and DPU, I guess. What do you see the long-term growth there, meaning if you look at the next 12 months to 24 months on the networking side? I had a follow-up. Thanks.
Hock Tan: Okay. The next 12 months is pretty good. We have visibility, and we kind of indicated that in our answers. 24 months, harder for me to tell you. If you ask me what do you think over the next 10 years, Ill tell you what it is, mid to high-single digits. And because thats  its consistent. There is no segment  dont believe anybody telling otherwise, that will have a sustainable growth rate in this space. Its share changes maybe. So but next 12 months, very good growth rate is what I indicated.
Vijay Rakesh: Thanks. And one last question on the software side, obviously, since December 8 when you announced the big buyback, obviously, software valuations have become much more attractive in the last might be down 30%, 40% there. But do you have a target in mind as to what you think that software business should be, like 24%, 25% of revenues now? Are you looking to build it up to half of your business? Or is there a long-term target that youre putting out there? Thanks.
Hock Tan: To tell you, I dont have a strategic plan here. My plan are a numbers plan. Its  our strategy in acquisitions and growing this entire Broadcom platform is more about locating, identifying very, very strong assets out there and  which are actionable, and then making a deal and buying them and integrating in our platform. They got to meet our requirements of quality of the assets of the product  of the business model, to some extent, the product characteristics being very mission-critical. And then after that comes the price. For us, after that is the price. Because youll recall, the way we run those software businesses tends to be different usually from the way the party we buy from Transit. And because of that, we are able to create the financial returns consistent with a business model that we put in place fairly different from what the existing business model is in most software companies out there. All right?
Vijay Rakesh: Great. Thanks, Hock.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Ji Yoo, Director of Investor Relations, for any closing remarks.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, Sheri. In closing, similar to our networking, broadband and storage teach-ins in fiscal 2021, Broadcom and Deutsche Bank will be hosting a teach-in of our custom silicon business on Tuesday, April 19, at 12:00 p.m. Eastern, 9:00 a.m. Pacific. Hock will be joined by Frank Ostojic, General Manager of our ASIC Products Division; and Vijay Janapaty, General Manager of our Physical Layer Products Division. Broadcom currently plans to report its earnings for the second quarter of fiscal 2022 after close of market on Thursday, June 2, 2022. A public webcast of Broadcoms earnings conference call will follow at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Sheri, you may end the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-12-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to Broadcoms Inc. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2021 Financial Results Conference call. At this time for opening remarks and introduction, I would turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Director of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc. You may begin.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, Operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on today's call are Hock Tan, President, and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; Tom Croft, President, Broadcom Software Group; and Charlie Kawwas, Chief Operating Officer. Broadcom also distributed a press release and financial tables after the market closed, describing our financial performance for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the investor section of Broadcom's website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021 results, guidance for our first quarter, as well as commentary regarding the business environment. We'll take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. I will now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ji, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. So in the environment we have today enterprise demand rebounded sharply over 30% year-on-year. HyperCloud and Service Provider demand continued to be strong and strong wireless growth in Q4 was driven by the seasonal launch of next generation smartphones by our North American OEM. Meanwhile, our core software business continues to be steady with a focus on strategic customers. On the supply side, only times remain extended and stable, inventory in our channels and our customers remains very lean. Accordingly in Q4 semiconductor solutions revenue grew 17% year-on-year to 5.6 billion and with infrastructure software revenue growing 8% year-on-year to $1.8 billion. Consolidated net revenue was a record $7.4 billion up 15% year-on-year. Let me now provide more color by end markets. Let's start with networking. Networking revenue of 1.9 billion was up 13% year-on-year in line with our forecasts for low double-digit growth and represented 34% of our semiconductor revenue. Double-digit year-on-year growth was primarily driven by strong demand from campus switching both from our merchant silicon as well as ASICs solutions through OEMs, like Cisco and HP. We also experienced similar double-digit growth with the deployment of Jericho routers within large scale AI networks in the cloud, as well as Qumran in 5G infrastructure and DCI. Our unique capability here to deliver ultra-low latency ethernet networks enables large scale deployment of AI compute for the cloud. Meanwhile, in the core of these large data centers, we have begun to run Trident 4 and Tomahawk 4, the world's first 25.6 terabit per second switch to several hyperscale cloud customers as they address their ever-growing need for bandwidth demand in scaling out their massive data centers. Now within hyperscale cloud, we continue to lead in delivering A6 silicon for multiple compute offload accelerators, which has manifested into being 20% of our networking revenue. Expect continued growth in the next fiscal years here to over $2 billion. The key to our success here lies with our robust design methodology, which integrates a broad and substantial silicon IP and rapidly delivers world-class customized silicon SOCs to enable AI virtualization, orchestration, video transcoding and security. We have now extended our footprint here, beyond TPUs at multiple cloud customers. In Q1, networking is firing on all cylinders. And we expect networking revenue growth to accelerate to close to 30% year-on-year. Next, our server storage connectivity revenue was $815 million, up 21% year-on-year, in sharp contrast to the first half of 2021 and represented 15% of semiconductor revenue. The better than expected results were driven by robust demand for storage controllers, and host bus adapters from renewed spend by enterprises, upgrading their compute and storage infrastructure. Additionally, hypercloud storage we saw accelerated migration to eight terabytes, and the start of 20 terabyte hard disk drives, which drove our nearline storage revenue. To put things in perspective, today, our Nearline storage business is close to a billion dollars on an annualized basis. We continue to gain share in server storage connectivity as we expand our leadership in next generation SAS 4, PCI Express Gen 5 and NVMe. Spending for enterprise continues to recover and we expect this will accelerate growth in our server storage connectivity revenue in Q1 to approximately 30% year-on-year growth. Moving on to Broadband. Revenue of 872 million grew 29% year-on-year and represented 16% of semiconductor revenue. This was driven by the continued strong growth in deployment by service providers globally of next generation PON with Wi-Fi 6 and 6C access gateways. We continue to lead the industry with a portfolio of end-to-end integrated solutions across access protocols. PON, cable modem and DSL, all SOC controllers, each with integrated Wi-Fi managed through our software stacks to reliably deliver more bandwidth, faster data speeds from the call service provider networks to the homes. And the critical element in our broadband platform is leading edge Wi-Fi; Wi-Fi 6 and 6c today and Wi-Fi 7 tomorrow. Having leading edge while wireless is important for service provider customers to reach digital homes from their networks. By the same token in campus switching in enterprises, it's also critical that our OEMs can connect enterprise data centers through campus switches to the access points with leading edge Wi-Fi. In both markets are our platforms, which encompass wired and wireless, silicon and software uniquely differentiate Broadcom and sustain our market leadership. So in Q1, we expect this double-digit percent year-on-year growth rate in broadband to continue, as we have seen for the last few years. Moving on to wireless, consistent with the launch of our customers next generation phone during the quarter, Q4 revenue of $1.8 billion represented 32% of semiconductor revenue and was up 21% against a softer Q4 quarter a year ago. Nevertheless, we expect continuing strong demand into Q1 and which will drive wireless revenue to be up sequentially single-digit, and be flat to up low single digit percentage year-on-year from the peak of a year ago. Finally, industrial revenue up 197 million represented approximately 3% of our Q4 semiconductor solutions revenue. Having said this, resales of industrial up $232 million grew 36% year-over-year in Q4, driven by strong demand from OEMs for electric vehicles, robotics, factory automation and healthcare. As a result, our inventory in the channel declined further to below a month. And turning to Q1, we expect resales to continue to be strong at the levels we saw in Q4. In summary, Q4 semiconductor solutions revenue was up 17% year-on-year. And in Q1, we expect the momentum to continue and revenue growth to be up double digits again year-on-year. This implies that Q1 semiconductor revenue will be up low single digits sequentially. Turning to software Q4, infrastructure software revenue of 1.8 billion grew 8% year-on-year represented 24% of total revenue within this brocade showed strong growth of 19% year-on-year, consistent with strong enterprise recovery during the quarter, and deployment of our next Generation 7 fiber channel stem products. Now excluding brocade our core software revenue grew 6% year-on-year in dollar terms, consolidated renewal rates averaged 116% over expiring contracts. While within our strategic accounts, we actually averaged 127% consistent with prior quarters. Over 90% of the value represented recurring subscription and maintenance. Stepping back and following the Software Investor Day last month, let me provide an update on the entire fiscal '21 for core software. Total backlog at the end of the year, totaled $14.9 billion up 15% from a year ago, with average duration of contracts extending from 2.6 to 2.9 years. These backlog translates into an ARR or annual recurring revenue of 5.2 billion, which was up 5% from a year ago. 74% of this ARR comes from our approximately 600 strategic accounts, which in fiscal '21 we renewed at 129% or $2.4 billion of annualized booking value. 1.9 billion of this represented renewal on expiring contracts and roughly $500 million represented cross-selling including PLAs of our portfolio products to these strategic customers. For the year, we booked over 300 contracts generating greater than a million dollars of revenue annually with over 30 contracts generating over $10 million annually. With such stability in Q1, we expect our infrastructure software revenue to continue to sustain around mid-single digit percentage growth year-over-year. So, let me summarize, with the continued strength in our semiconductor segment and steady growth in our software segment, total Q4 net revenue grew 15% year-on-year. Turning to Q1, semiconductor revenue excluding wireless is expected to be up 28% year-on-year. Wireless is expected to grow flat to low single digit percentage compared to the peak of a year ago. So semiconductor revenue in total is expected to grow 17% year-on-year again, and consolidated revenue is expected to grow 14% year-on-year. Sequentially, this will drive revenue to grow from $7.4 billion in Q4 to $7.6 billion in Q1. We are very well positioned in every one of our franchise markets in fiscal '22 and beyond. We continue to significantly out invest anyone else across our platforms in switching and routing, offload compute, silicon photonics and wireless connectivity to accelerate our next generation roadmaps as we continue to gain market share. With that, let me turn the call over to Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears: Thank you Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Revenue was 7.4 billion for the quarter up 15% from a year ago. Gross margins were 75% of revenue in the quarter and up approximately 105 basis points year-on-year. Operating expenses were 1.1 billion up 3% year-on-year driven by investment in R&D. Operating income for the quarter was 4.4 billion and was up 20% from a year ago. Operating margin was 59% of revenue up approximately 286 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was 4.5 billion or 61% of revenue. This figure excludes 134 million of depreciation. Now overview of the P&L for our two segments. Revenue for our semiconductor solutions segment was 5.6 billion and represented 76% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 17% year-on-year. Gross margins for our semiconductor solutions segment were approximately 70% up 170 basis points year-on-year driven by favorable product mix and content growth in next generation products across our extensive product portfolio. Note that we have been able to continue to expand our semiconductor gross margin despite higher wireless revenue mix. Operating expenses were 790 million in Q4 up 3% year-on-year. R&D was 701 million in the quarter up 6% year-on-year. As a side note for fiscal '22, we are planning to increase R&D spend in semiconductors by mid-to-high single digit percent year-on-year. As Hock indicated in his remarks, we are committed to investing heavily in our next generation products to maintain and even increase our leadership across all our franchises. Q4 operating margins increased to 56% up 350 basis points year-on-year. So while semiconductor revenue was up 17%, operating profit grew 24%. Moving to the P&L for our infrastructure software segment, revenue for infrastructure software was 1.8 billion and represented 24% of revenue. This was at 8% year-on-year. Gross margins for infrastructure software were 90% in the quarter up 19 basis points year-over-year. Operating expenses were 353 million in the quarter up 1% year-over-year, R&D spending at 220 million is up 9% year-over-year and SG&A of 133 million is down 10% year-over-year. Operating margin was 70% in Q4 up 166 basis points year-over-year and operating profit grew 11%. Moving to cash flow, free cash flow in the quarter was 3.5 billion representing 47% of revenue. We spent 88 million on capital expenditures. Day sales outstanding were 25 days in the fourth quarter, compared to 32 days a year ago. We ended the fourth quarter with inventory of 1.3 billion, an increase of 137 million or 12% from the end of the prior quarter in preparation to meet customer demand in Q1. We ended the fourth quarter with 12.2 billion of cash and 39.7 billion of total debt, of which 290 million is short-term. Turning to capital allocation. In the quarter, we paid stockholders 1.2 billion of cash dividends. We also paid 266 million in withholding taxes due on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the elimination of 525,000 AVGO shares. We ended the quarter with 413 million outstanding common shares and 448 million diluted shares. Based on current business trends and conditions, our guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2022 is for consolidated revenues up 7.6 billion and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 61.5% of projected revenue. Let me recap our financial performance for fiscal year 2021. Our revenue hit a new record of 27.5 billion growing 15% year-on-year, semiconductor solutions revenue was 20.4 billion up 18% year-over-year. Infrastructure software revenue was 7.1 billion up 7% year-on-year. Gross margin for the year was 75% up 100 basis points from a year ago. Operating expenses were 4.5 billion down 2% year-on-year as we completed the integration of Symantec. Operating income from continuing operations was 15.9 billion up 23% year-over-year and represented 58% of net revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was 16.6 billion, up 21% year-over-year, and represented 60% of net revenue. This figure excludes 539 million of depreciation. We spent 443 million on capital expenditures, and free cash flow represented 49% of revenue, or 13.3 billion, free cash flow grew 15% year-over-year. For the year, we returned 7.5 billion to our stockholders, consisting of 6.2 billion in the form of cash dividends and 1.3 billion for the elimination of 2.8 million AVGO shares. We have extended our weighted average debt maturity to approximately 10.6 years, with a weighted average interest rate of approximately 3.6%. Looking ahead to fiscal 2022, we remain committed to returning approximately 50% of our prior year free cash flow to stockholders in the form of cash dividends. Consistent with that, we are increasing our quarterly common stock cash dividend in Q1 fiscal '22 to $4.10 per share, an increase of 14% from the prior quarter. We intend to maintain this target quarterly dividend throughout this year, subject to quarterly board approval. Today, as part of our commitment to return capital to shareholders, we announced that the company's Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase about 10 billion of our common stock under Broadcom's new share repurchase program. The authorization is effective until December 31, 2022. This new share repurchase program reflects our confidence in the company's ability to generate strong and sustainable cash flow. Note that we expect the diluted share count to be 448 million in Q1. This excludes the potential impact of any share repurchase. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. The line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, thank you so much for taking the question. And congrats on the very solid results. Hock, I know you guys don't guide for the full year, but I was hoping you could kind of walk us through how you're thinking about fiscal year '22 on the semiconductor side. Obviously, bookings have been strong, continued to be strong across most of your buckets, or end markets within semis. But if you can talk about, bookings trends in the quarter, what you're seeing there, that would be super helpful. And then as you sort of answer the fiscal '22 question, if you can touch on supply, and to what extent supply could be a gating factor over the next 12 months? That'll be helpful. Thank you.
Hock Tan: That's a very good, a hell of a question. So let me try to address in its various component parts. What we continue to see, we've the recovery -- I made a point of saying that, we're now in a midst of a very strong spending recovery in enterprise, particularly, so we're continuing to see strong demand bookings in the semiconductors side. But a big part of that and demand and increasing part of that demand is now coming from enterprise spending, which translates to end markets, tends to drive a lot of our broadband continue to drive the broadband, which has been strong in most of '21 continuing to drive the enterprise part of our networking business. And, of course, server storage and industrial is just very, very strong. Having said that, on the hypercloud spending side, a lot of it resides in, obviously, in our networking business. Things are still fairly, very elevated, Demand continues to be strong. And so when you combine all this together, we continue to see booking rates been at a fairly and continue to be at a very elevated level week-after-week so far. And as of right now, we're pretty much booked all the way through '22 and even beyond '22 into '23. If you're thinking about 50 week lead time, no surprise, it goes too late '22. But we're going even -- in many cases now gone beyond '22 into '23. And that's partly because one timing of our customers planning very far ahead. And two, as I said, our continuing discipline approach to ensuring that we deliver products at the right time to the right place. And we see that going on. And I hate to disappoint you, we're still not ready or prepared to give you guidance on a whole fiscal year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Hock, I wanted to follow up on those lead times. You said obviously, on the industrial space, your channels lean it sounds like your bookings overall is very strong. At the same time, we know you've been taking efforts to limit like worries around stockpiling and over shipping, whether it's parsing orders, expedite these. I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about what you are doing in that space. How are you feeling right now in terms of your shipments versus where end demand is? And how meaningful those like long with 50 plus week lead time actually are? Do they actually represent demand even if it's that far out? Like if you could just talk about your efforts there? That'd be that'd be helpful.
Hock Tan: Yes. Well, we've been doing this 50 weeks now for just since the beginning of '21. And we've been delivering very much as much as we can to those lead times. So in some ways, I like to believe it's giving some method or some method to this booking madness, I guess is one, I would call it in terms of our ability and in terms of where we -- how we are shipping the products. And but by keeping lead times very stable and predictable as we're doing now. We're also clearly communicating to our end users, the way they should be planning their business and I like to think all this is working out in terms of allowing us to making sure we don't overshoot and build up x buffer inventory to our ecosystem out there that means distributors, channels and customers. And all that is been done purposefully and the truth be told that the day will come when things have to land, unknown, and we'd like to make sure it lands very gently and softly. I would like to think that it's working very well. And, but so what we are reporting in some sectors now, what we're guiding in some sectors are reporting, where you see growth of some 20%, 30%. I know even from our perspective, it seems very hot, excessively hot. And in those areas, in particular, we take strong particular attempts -- to make those attempts to ensure this product, we shape our four programs they get deployed, rather than sit on a shelf for a future need. And so I like to believe that growth in networking, broadband service storage lately, of some 20% to 30%, year-on-year, rail through end demand.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. That's helpful. Just a quick follow up along those lines on enterprise, you gave some numbers for year-over-year growth for things like networking and storage and those year-over-year numbers, does that imply a sequential decline? Especially for networking and storage or just I'm not sure if my year ago numbers are trending or not? But do you expect those businesses to decline sequentially within the comp guidance within the guidance?
Hock Tan: It may, depending then we're talking mathematical numbers now and how we shipped because some the shipments are lumpy. And you may see them from quarter-to-quarter, when you talk about sequential quarter, you may sometimes see them and what I'm trying to say. And we may also chose to deploy supplying to one market versus another as you go quarter-by-quarter. So looking at it sequentially in specific verticals might sometimes for our case, our point of view be rather misleading, unintentionally, I may add, simply because we may chose to deploy our ship more to sponsors sometimes to server storage, because there is a hotter need there versus to networking. And you may see them because of that networking, see some sequential weakness in one particular quarter, which is why we report as much as we can on a year-on-year basis, where then you take out the effects of this short term, lumpiness, and short-term discontinuities.
Stacy Rasgon: That's helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. And congratulations on the strong results and execution. Hock, in your networking business, you've been somewhat conservative on your view on the sustainability of the strong cloud and hyperscale growth, but yet, in cloud, I mean, you guys are ramping 7-nanometer Tomahawk 4 and Trident 4. They're in the early innings as they ramp. Demand is strong. You talked about Jericho and Qumran being strong in routing. Your cloud ASIC customers ramping their 7-nanometer TPU. And you have more programs firing next year, as you mentioned. And then on the enterprise side, your large enterprise OEM customers are benefiting from the strong recovery. So you're starting off the fiscal year in networking with strong double-digit growth. But do you see your networking business continuing to drive double-digits year-over-year growth for the full year? And will the growth be driven by all three of your end markets cloud, enterprise, and service provider?
Hock Tan: Harlan that's hell of a question. And the only way I can answer that is, this is a weird time for me to bad to ask me to guide you on networking for the year in working, I'm not doing that. But you're right though. There are a lot of levels. And I articulate quite a few of them and maybe I'm oversee in some cases. And they seem to be as I use the expression as we sit here today and going into '22, firing on all cylinders. And by that, I mean more than just forecasting. We actually seen the backlog, we have the backlog and they keep building up. And you're right hypercloud guys, if you have asked me six months ago, I would not believe the level of spending they're embarking on in right now in '22 but they appear to be. So you are right, enterprise been strong. And you've seen the rate of growth of enterprise year-on-year of 30% across broadly. And cloud at their current elevated levels, we are seeing in networking has not suffered, has not weakened. We are still sustaining. Now, it's not recovering, obviously, year-on-year basis as fast as enterprise is showing simply because enterprise starting from a lower point. But Cloud is still growing, we are seeing hypercloud growing. And it's growing from not just network switching and routing that's our traditional strength is growing now for us on, for one of a better expression collectively called offload computing applications from virtualization orchestration to add more and more AI beyond just a single lead customer we have in TPUs today. So we're seeing multiple, as I said, multiple levels all moving in the right direction for fiscal '22. And good possibilities, what we've seen today in Q1, would run for a large part of fiscal '22.
Harlan Sur: Great, thank you for the insight, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. And congratulations on the strong results and the guidance. So Hock, I find two things interesting. One is you didn't use the word metaphors in your commentary. But that's not my question. The question is on the buyback announcement. What changed your view? Because for some time, you were not as favorable towards buybacks. So the 10 billion announcement, is that more a statement about business trend? Is it lack of M&A targets, are you going to be more consistent in buybacks? So that's part A of the question. And part B is that if I take that, 6 billion or 7 billion in dividends that you will pay next year and add the 10 billion in buybacks and apply the free cash flow range you have. It suggests sales of somewhere in the low to mid 30 billion, right, using that math? And I know you're not giving a guidance, but does that math makes sense. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Hey, you're very good at these numbers. I shall just bow to those better judgment and wisdom. Yes. Thank you. Next question. You have another follow through? Please.
Vivek Arya: Yes. Thank you. Yes. So wireless, is your most seasonal business. Is there a way you're thinking about wireless? So you said it could be up somewhat right in the January quarter? How are you thinking about seasonality for that business going into the April quarter?
Hock Tan: Oh, April quarter quota is hard to forecast. I mean, this is consumer. So it's very -- I can't even begin to forecast much less than I think my customer would be better at it. And even then, I suspect they're very challenged. But what we do see, interestingly enough, is demand for our components for the January quarter is good. And then and hence you see, the fact that even as we measure year-on-year to an all-time peak a year ago, we are still flattish to slightly up and sequentially from Q4, which in this current round, you're correct in this regard. Q4 is supposed to be back to normality and seasonality has been the big quarter. Our Q1 will exceed our Q4 shipments as we forecast today. So yes, it sounds like even that part is doing quite well, just that year-on-year compare in percentage terms may not be as exciting as the rest of the semiconductor verticals that we're in, but it's still holding up very nicely.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, thanks for letting me ask the question. I guess I'll ask the two questions and then I'll listen to the answers for both the question and the follow-up. So, first, Hock, I want to revisit kind of the quality of demand and may be ask it a different way. You've talked about under-shipping what the actual demand or what your bookings are because you believe you can ship to actual demand. So that delta between what you're shipping and what is being booked, is that changing, is it shrinking, growing, basically trying to get at any change in customer behavior? And then the second question would be a separated one for Kirsten, you mentioned about the OpEx in the semiconductor side rising going forward, any more color about the linearity of OpEx as we go throughout the year and any color on kind of the areas that would be focuses of that investment?
Hock Tan: On the first, Ross, that's a very, very clever question I might add. Has anything changed between what we're booking versus what we're shipping, I'm trying to answer it not  because -- I'm not trying to answer it is because the demand by verticals has rotated somewhat and you can probably understand it. So what I'm saying is, one clear example is what I'm saying now, enterprise is actually waking up big time and they are asking for products, they asking for products in a very, very urgent manner. And so we're seeing more ship -- a lot more shipments to OEMs who support those enterprises. And by verticals, we're seeing strength in basically in server storage in particular and also the enterprise portion all for networking, hence the strength in, as I mentioned campus switching and Wi-Fi in many ways, because enterprise, you know campus switching now for enterprise switching needs a wireless strategy component. And so we're seeing our Wi-Fi business for access gateways in enterprise really take off now. Having said that, our classification of cloud includes telcos, service providers, they have been steady. It's interesting cloud and telcos have been steady. And -- but they have been steady in different manner. The cloud guys are now pushing more and more into compute offload, I mean the programs we're working on starting to happen -- starting to manifest as deployment, so we're seeing that, and that is really driving some more growth than just normal switching and routing that we have seen super strong in 2021. We have seen areas like in some of their very massive scale out of machine learning or AI networks, here you need a different kind of performance of those networks. So we've seen a different kind of products going into that areas. And I highlighted in my remarks about Jericho being going into many of those AI networks in hypercloud and, of course, 5G continues to be -- goes through cycles and happen to be a [Technical Difficulty] 5G deployment and backhaul is strong and we ship a lot of Qumrans. So it varies. But if you take it from a macro point of view, not -- hasn't changed from six months ago, Ross, which is the under-shipment from the level of bookings we're seeing.
Ross Seymore: For the OpEx, Kirsten?
Kirsten Spears: Hi, Ross. Sure. Hi, Ross. So what I would expect, the way I'd look at OpEx, I'll comment on our consolidated view for the company. You're going to see a step-up in Q1 definitely. And then, remember in Q2, we have the payroll taxes that we pay in Q2. So we have another step-up in Q2 and then for the rest of the year, I'd look at that continuing out, how I would model that.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question and congratulations on the strong results. Hock, maybe just a follow-on to Ross's question about the R&D commentary that Kirsten had in the prepared comments. With the growth that you're expecting in the semi R&D, do you think that, that will outstrip the semiconductor revenue growth for the year or not? And not having had the time yet to go back and look, is this an unusual spend year, and if so, what's driving it? Is it concern about increased competition, is it the opportunity set getting a lot bigger and kind of what areas are you focused on? And then I have a follow-up.
Hock Tan: I think we have continued to be -- to have been spending on R&D in the silicon side on a fairly consistent basis, and so we have. And, but in some other areas and it's not so much about worry about competition as -- see the underlying part of our business model across our various franchises is simply that we always out-invest, out-engineer anybody else in the verticals we -- in those franchise verticals we are in. And so what -- from our point of view, hey, now is a great, because during COVID-19 in '20 and in part of '21, things were not as moving as fast as perhaps we believe a normal cadence of product cycle turnovers should be, product life cycle. So we are now jumping in '22 to basically bring it back up to where it should be in terms of a normal product cycle cadences. And that -- in that sense, you're right, it's not because of competition, it's because we believe we need to deliver this new generation products with better features, better bandwidth, low latency to our customers who are now ready and willing to take it on. And with having said that, may invest now, you don't see the impact of that probably until '23, '24. So, but we feel that there is some hiatus of new technology been absorbed in 2021. So now is the time to really accelerate new technology, new generation of products for its absorption as much as we could in '22 and definitely in '23. So it's logical that spending would go up and we are stepping up for that.
John Pitzer: And Hock, is the message that R&D could grow faster than semi revenue growth this year or you're not ready to make that statement yet?
Hock Tan: I don't think so. We never tend to do that. We are very well behaved, very disciplined.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And then as my follow-up Hock, you guys have set up a really consistent track record around the dividend, but buybacks have been a little bit more episodic, especially given the M&A strategy. Just with the authorization today, is the intent to do all of that within the next 12 months, why not an ASR component around that authorization today just to give investors confidence that, that you will follow through on the buyback?
Hock Tan: Good point. But we intend to follow through on -- we intend to do the $10 billion, and the reason we're doing it, as you guys can gather is, we haven't done a deal in -- we did not do a deal in '20, did not do a deal in '21 and got tons of cash, we have piled up a ton of cash and debt has actually -- somewhat the growth there has actually declined somewhat and while our cash position is building out. And while we may still do a deal in '22, it says that we will still be generating a lot more cash in '22. So when we you add up this whole thing, it's just a very logical conclusion for us to not just sit on the cash, hoarded in some ways you may call it, but just return it to you guys as we continue to accumulate cash. And keep in mind, we still have a lot of debt and grow expanding debt capacity as our EBITDA expense and still be within investment grade of course.
John Pitzer: Perfect.
Kirsten Spears: And this is Kirsten. We have consistently said that we would return capital to shareholders if we didn't announce an M&A by December. And so this is in line with what we've been saying and we plan to follow through on it. The $10 billion authorization will be executed pursuant to a trading plan and it will be thoughtful and it's in line with what we said we'd do.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thanks, Kristen. Great color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri with SMBC Nikko. Your line is open.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. And let me also echo my congrats on the solid numbers. Hock, you called out your ASIC business, I think you said it's roughly 20% of the networking business and also said, it's going to be about $2 billion. I'm just curious if you could maybe provide us some additional color as to what's going on with that business. I mean you've been a leader in this market historically. And are you seeing more interest given what's going on with the hyperscale customers and their interest in developing in-house silicon or is this a continuation of a trend or any additional color you could provide, I think that would be helpful?
Hock Tan: Right. Thank you for that. And by the way, our ASIC business is actually larger than the $2 billion we indicated. It's only that part of the ASIC business sitting in networking that  we highlighted is actually there are a couple of other areas where we do ASIC and it's done on a platform under one and a particular franchise business that we run fairly separately as one of the product divisions. But you are right though, the larger part of it sits in networking and a big -- and is half of it roughly, I would say maybe grown more than half now is to the hypercloud [Technical Difficulty] is the OEMs still remain very much OEM related business as well. And you're right, but it's a -- but your point is well taken. This is a steady stable business and growing over time that we've had for many, many years. And it has, as I said long time ago 20, 15 years ago, 10 years ago, been very much on networking merchant silicon showed them in networking, and in -- which is switching and routing, and it has not grown as much in networking. But in its place having said that, other opportunities, and most of it -- a lot of it is, what I call collectively offload computing, which is very much tied to hypercloud. And that's a businesses that is -- that has been slowly, but steadily growing, but it's slow. And it's not something that shoots up exponentially overnight because lot of the hypercloud guys much as they have ambition to do their own designs, I'd like to make that point very clear, it's a very difficult thing for them to do, because know they can go out in the highest silicon architect and designers. It doesn't mean you can define a chip, SLC silicon chip on a system on a chip that addresses what they're looking for whether it's in transcoding, whether it's in security or even in virtualization or even in AI, it's hard when you don't do it on a full-time basis. So we have been working with these hypercloud guys for the last five years and there has been fits and starts in many, many situations among these hypercloud guys. But the message I want to say is, we've never given up, we continue to work with them and more slowly more and more of the many tries, some of them become successful, more and more successful and to see the trend of growth in our ASIC business for offload computing. I mean if those of you have followed me consistently for the last three, four, five years, you have heard me talk about with three, four, five years ago, then two years ago, I just shut up, because thanks long to get it going and is starting to translate into revenues and ramps now, and it will be a nice driver to growth, but I believe for us over the next year, two years I would say, so I'm bringing it back up again, but it's always been there.
Srini Pajjuri: Got it. And then just to follow up on wireless, Hock, obviously the current demand looks pretty healthy and supply is very tight. But I guess, if you take maybe a couple of year view out there, it looks like there is somewhat of a concern about 5G cycle peaking. So I'm just curious about how you think about wireless, especially in terms of your content opportunities for the next couple of years? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Wireless is a great franchise and it continues to chug along very well, and that's probably I'm being -- I'm definitely wearing, roasting the glasses in this environment, because demand is good and it's holding up still very well. Beyond that I really don't know the answer to what you're saying. I do see content increasing over the next several years, because we have various products, multiple products, not just one particular product, we have multiple, we have various products into every one of those very high-end smartphones. And that gives us opportunity to expand [Technical Difficulty] and to strengthen and increase our content. And, but, and we never really plan for unit increases actually in all our plan, which is a plan on some content increase year-after-year, but never on any unit increase. So I guess, I don't -- I stop thinking worrying about whether the number of phones is going to decline in 5G in the next one or two years as much as will the content decline from up, and we have not really seen it on the current in any fashion that will make us worry.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Hock, I had two. The first is on customer behavior, and I'm wondering if you've seen any change there? So, I guess the question really is around, are you seeing any change in the portion of customers that want product inside of lead time and are willing to pay you expedite fees, and I guess does that sort of inform you to the degree to which your shipments or the orders are sort of matching underlying consumption? And then I had a second question too.
Hock Tan: Not really. It's because I think we have done -- we've gone through it now for one year, and I think our customers ask, half, most of them anyway, I kind of say all of them have started to plan their needs accordingly. Now it doesn't mean they're perfect in their planning and so occasionally it happens, they come running in and ask for all the expedite deliveries within lead times and we see that and we worked through that. But by and large, our customers are planning better and better because they have practice at doing that. I mean, it's perfect. And in many in some cases where we can do in, they probably will look for if they can find alternatives and to the extent there are alternatives, my competition get some benefit on those spot situations and that will happen, because we -- I love to be perfect, but we cannot be, and sometimes like customer misses, we miss and that happens in situations and because of previous commitments we cannot obviously pull in their demand. But those are getting -- those are still happening. Is there a change since then, no, not for all months. I think as I said, customers are much better at doing it now at least when it comes to dealing with us.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it, Hock. Thank you. And then I guess the last question really is around wireless, and now that you ended December, you should, I think you have a pretty good handle on how much your content is going to grow for fiscal '22. So I was just wondering if you can sort of give us a sense of maybe how much content is growing, is it growing say, let's say 10% this year type of thing? Thank you.
Hock Tan: About 5%, 10%, very consistently what we thought it would be six months ago.
Timothy Arcuri: Perfect. Okay, Hock, thank you so much.
Hock Tan: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Ji Yoo for closing remarks.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator. That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Operator, you may end the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-09-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Financial Results Conference call. At this time for opening remarks and introduction. I would like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Director of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, Operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on today's call are Hock Tan, President, and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; Tom Croft, President, Broadcom Software Group; and Charlie Kawwas, Chief Operating Officer. Broadcom also distributes a press release and financial tables after the market closed, describing our financial performance for the third quarter of the fiscal year 2021. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the investor section of Broadcom's website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared remarks, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our third quarter of the fiscal year 2021 results, guidance for our fourth quarter, as well as commentary regarding the business environment. We'll take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factor that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call.  In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. I will now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ji, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. In Q3, semiconductor solutions revenue grew 19% year-on-year to $5 billion. With infrastructure software revenue growing 10% year-on-year to $1.8 billion, consolidated net revenue was $6.8 billion or up 16% year-on-year. In Q3, demand continued to be strong from HyperCloud and Service provider customers. Wireless continued to have a strong year-on-year comparison. And while our enterprise has been on a trajectory of recovery, we believe Q3 is still early in that cycle and that enterprise was down year-on-year. On the supply side, we continue to keep our lead times stable.  With that as context, let me provide more color by end markets. Starting with networking. Networking revenue of $1.8 billion grew stronger than we had forecasted, up 19% year-on-year versus low double-digit growth and represented 36% of our semiconductor revenue. The better-than-expected growth was driven by routing from service providers in the expansion of 5G networks for backhaul, metro, and call, as well as major share gains in Internet, Ethernet network interface controllers within data centers. While we experienced strong orders from OEMs, consistent with our recovering environment for enterprise spending, we believe the actual deployment of networking in the enterprise is still lagging from a year ago.  Our shipments and revenue appropriately reflect this. In Q4, however, we expect a different set of demand dynamics. We see Cloud customers upgrading to our next-generation 800 gigabit-based Tomahawk 4 and Trident switchers. We're the first and only provider of 25.6 terabit switchers. And we are shipping 2 versions, 1 with 512 lanes at 50g [Indiscernible] and the 256 lanes at 100G [Indiscernible]. I would like to highlight that we are the only Company today shipping 100 G [Indiscernible]. In data center switching, as in, service provider routing. We continue to lead next-generation product transitions, as our engineers continue to out-execute what's out there.  And in Q4, against a very strong year-on-year comparison, we expect networking revenue growth to be below double-digit year-on-year. Next, our server storage connectivity business was $673 million in Q3, down 9% year-on-year in line with our guidance, and represented approximately 13% of semiconductor revenue. As you know, our products here supply mission-critical applications largely to enterprises, which as I said earlier, was in a state of recovery. That been said, we have seen a very strong booking trajectory from traditional enterprise customers within this segment.  We expect such enterprise recovery in-service storage and the same is happening in networking to be one of the [Indiscernible] of growth in Q4 and into 2022. In this particular segment, customer transition to our next-generation says NVMe connectivity at the server [Indiscernible] fund this growth. The aggressive migration in the cloud to 18 terabytes hard disk drive, will also provide a strong tailwind to demand external storage connectivity products in this segment. In sharp contrast to the neg -- and to the 9% decline in Q3, we forecast in Q4 server storage connectivity revenue to be up low double-digits percentage year-on-year.  Moving onto broadband. Revenue of $910 million in Q3 grew 23% year-on-year and represented 18% of semiconductor revenue. This was primarily driven by the 2x growth in deployments of Wi-Fi 6 excess gateways, as well as, double-digit growth in next-generation fiber and DOCSIS 3.1 cable modem deployments. For Q4, we continue to expect double-digit year-on-year revenue growth in broadband -- have been seeing for the last few quarters. So, looking ahead, we see service providers like AT&T, British Telecom, and even Deucth Telekom, deploying in increasing volumes, next-generation last-mile fiber connectivity to homes in the U.S. and globally.  These multiyear and multi-billion-dollar investments by these operators. And attach to every one of these fiber notes, unique WIFI connectivity for the last 100 feet within the homes. And we lead the global transition to Wi-Fi 6 today. We expect our strong design to win momentum for Wi-Fi 6E as U.S. and European operators will sustain our market position into the next generation. Now, moving to wireless. Q3 revenue of $1.4 billion was up 35% year-on-year, in line with expectations, and represented 29% of the semiconductor revenue mix. In Q4, we expect wireless revenue to ramp approximately 33% sequentially in support of the launch of next-generation smartphones, and to be up 25% year-on-year.  Finally, industrial revenue of $205 million in Q3 represented approximately 4% of Q3 semiconductor solutions revenue. Resales here grew what we consider an unsustainable 55% year-over-year driven by aggressive buying from OEMs in automotive, robotics, and renewable energy. As a result, inventory in our channels declined significantly to below 2 months. And turning to Q4, we do expect resales to come down to a more rational 20% year upon year growth. And so, in summary, Q3 semiconductor solutions revenue was on 19% year-on-year, and in Q4, we expect the momentum to continue and revenue growth to be up double-digits percentage year-on-year. Turning to software.  In Q3, infrastructure software revenue of $1.8 billion grew 10% year-on-year and represented 26% of total revenue. Within this, Brocade grew 27% year-on-year, driven by the launch of new generation, Gen 7 Fiber Channel stem products. Excluding Brocade, Broadcom Software revenue grew 6% year on year. In dollar terms, bookings average 116% over expiring contracts While in our call accounts, we average 129%. Over 9% of these bookings represented recurring subscription and maintenance revenues.  Reflecting these renewals, we expect our infrastructure software revenue to be on track, to grow around mid-single-digit percentage year-over-year, which is again, what we expect to see in Q4. So, in summary, combining a strongly growing semiconductor segment, with our more stable software segment, totaled Q3 net revenue grew 16% year-on-year, and we expect this double-digit growth to sustain in Q4. And total revenue to be 7.35 billion or up 14% year-on-year. And with that, let me turn the call to Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Revenue was 6.8 billion for the quarter, up 16% from a year ago. Gross margins were 75% of revenue in the quarter, and up approximately 85 basis points year-on-year. Operating expenses were 1.1 billion, flat year-on-year driven by lower SG&A and continued investment in R&D. Operating income for the quarter was 3.9 billion and was up 24% from a year ago. The operating margin was 58% of revenue up approximately 360 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was 4.1 billion or 61% of revenue. This figure excludes 134 million of depreciation. Now a review of the P&L for our two segments.  Revenue for our Semiconductor Solutions segment was 5 billion and represented 74% of total revenue in the quarter, this was up 19% year-on-year. Gross margins for our semiconductor solutions segment were approximately 70%, up 110 basis points year-on-year, driven primarily by favorable product mix and content growth as we deploy more next-generation products and broaden in networking. Operating expenses were 783 million in Q3, flat year-on-year. R&D was 693 million in Q3, up 1% year-on-year. Q3 operating margins increased to 54%, up 410 basis points year-on-year. While semiconductor revenue was up 19%, operating profit grew 29%. Moving to the P&L for our infrastructure software segment.  Revenue for infrastructure software was 1.8 billion and represented 26% of revenue. This was up 10% year on year. Gross margins for infrastructure software were 90% in the quarter, up 125 basis points year-over-year. Operating expenses were 359 million in the quarter, up 1% year-over-year, R&D spending at 226 million is up 9% year-over-year, and SG&A of 133 million is down 11% year-over-year. The operating margin was 70% in Q3, up 305 basis points year-over-year, and operating profits grew 15%. Moving to cash flow, free cash flow in the third quarter was 3.4 billion, representing 51% of revenue. We spent 115 million on capital expenditures. Day sales outstanding were 30 days in the third quarter compared to 42 days a year ago.  We ended the third quarter with an inventory of 1.2 billion, an increase of 156 or 16% from the end of the prior quarter in preparation to meet customer demand in Q4. We ended the third quarter with 11.1 billion of cash and 40.5 billion of total debt, of which 279 million is short-term. Turning to capital allocation. In the quarter, we paid stockholders 1.6 billion of cash dividends. We also paid 347 million in withholding taxes due to vesting of employee equity, resulting in the elimination of approximately 739,000 AVGO shares. We ended the quarter with 412 million outstanding common shares and 449 million diluted shares. Note that we expect the diluted share count to be 448 million in Q4.  Our Board of Directors has approved a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock of 360 per share in Q4. Based on current business trends and conditions, and to reiterate what Hock has said, our guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 is for consolidated revenues of 7.35 billion, and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 61% of projected revenue. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Please limit yourselves to one question. Please stand by while we compile the Q&A roster. Our first question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Pitzer: Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Hock, I'm just kind of curious. You kind of did what you said you were going to do 90 days ago. But this is usually the part of the cycle, especially on the semi-business, where I would have expected more upside.  And clearly, when you look across the sector, most companies are putting up an upside that you guys didn't see in the July quarter. So, I'm curious if you can help us better understand what happened. Do you think that this was mostly a supply issue?  And given that inventory grew 15% sequentially in the quarter, to what extent do you think now that your kind of got that under control and going forward, you'll have a better supply environment to fulfill this demand.
Hock Tan: Well, I mean supply is always something that is very much an issue of constrain in this environment as you well know. But the other side of the picture is we are really shipping as we have said, in previous calls several times.  We are -- to put it directly, we are shipping to exactly, we believe to what demand requires. By then, I mean end-user and demand requirements. We are trying very hard not to overshoot enough building pockets of excess inventory within our ecosystem. So, I think we're managing very much to what we see out there.
John Pitzer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar from Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Harsh Kumar: Yeah. Hey, Hock. First of all, congratulations on solid results guidance. The question for you is, everybody's favorite foundry TSMC is talking about price increases. In some cases, they're substantial.  Do you feel that you can pass us along and also at this point in time, companies are probably securing capacity for next year? Can you talk about your capacity, you know, your ability to get some extra capacity to be able to grow next year? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Okay. Very interesting questions, Harsh. First and foremost, -- from outside, we try not to talk about customers specifically. And the same applies very much too strategic suppliers too.  So, I wouldn't comment at all on what you alluded to here, but as far as our capacity for 2022, I think we have gotten a pretty good supply availability lineup for 2022, and we feel pretty okay about then. I won't say great but, in this environment, all things considered, we're feeling quite good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys, thanks for letting me ask a question. Hock, I want to touch on the enterprise business. You mentioned it a couple of different times when you were talking about both networking and your server storage connectivity segments. So, I guess a two-part question. 1, how much of your semiconductor business do you believe is enterprise exposed? And 2, when do you believe that will return to year-over-year growth? And is that a specific thing to Broadcom with your product cycles or is it just the end-markets returning to year-over-year growth at that time?
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, enterprise -- traditional enterprise, as we define it, and I think I made a point of purposely demarcating the fact that in semiconductor, which focusing in semiconductor segment by itself. Well, you can literally look at our data of revenue selling into three distinct elements.  One is cloud and service providers, which we come together as one. And then there is consumer, which is very much our wireless business. And then [Indiscernible] companies out there, enterprises, we call traditional enterprise.  We do put Telcos service providers, to make clear, as part of Cloud in that category, so we bring into three categories. And under that measure -- and the [Indiscernible] represents about half -- just around half of the total semiconductor revenues. And to basically answer your question, which I did indicate in my remarks on service storage and markets for our semiconductor business.  We have seen an improvement year-on-year of revenues in this set -- in servers storage, which is 80%, at least 90% driven by the traditional enterprise. So, they are very good an indicator of what traditional enterprise is showing. We have seen it show of improving year-on-year compares and ending in the latest Q3, still high -- mid to high-single-digit decline from a year ago.  But we did also guide that, because of strong bookings that we have been seeing now for the last three months, at least from Enterprise, which is going through largely in the -- on the large OEMs, who in particular -- who integrate the products and sell it to end-users. We going to likely expand the enterprise to grow double-digits year on year in Q4. So, we see the point of crossover probably now Q4.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder from Charter Equity Research. Your line is now open.
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. Following up on that same question. Last quarter you were predicting, or you thought that the excellent growth you've seen in Cloud server providers and Telcos might lighten up next year as the day, just that as enterprise started to grow and they'd be kind of a mix shift there, but it sounds like that isn't lining up and enterprise is coming back a bit sooner.  Did you think any differently now about Telcos and service providers in the Cloud, will that last longer? Do you still expect to maybe lighten up in 2022? And how long do you expect the enterprise, has been down for quite a while now, the enterprise upward trend to last? I'm just trying to get a feeling with the profile of demand looks like in your core business next year. Thanks.
Hock Tan: Sure, happy to do that. What we are seeing now, what do we expect to see in 2022 in terms of [Indiscernible] direction, is we've seen -- you know in -- a Telcos, service providers are running, well, quite hot. And it looks like they are sustaining as opposed to perhaps rolling over.  They seem to be sustaining where we are right now. Regarding enterprise, it's pretty much what we had indicated before and continue to see, which is a continuing trajectory of improving demand, spending, and demand. And we see that continuing to improve and grow this coming quarter, Q4, and beyond.  In fact, I would say that the engine for growth for our semiconductor business in 2022 will likely be enterprise spending, whether it's coming from networking, one sector for us, or from -- and/or server storage, which is a large enterprise. We see both this showing strong growth as we go into 2022. A while, just to repeat me, we see Telcos and service providers, not rolling over, just hanging up there at a very elevated level.
Edward Snyder: Does that imply you expect the Cloud to lighten up a bit then too, because you just called out service providers and Telcos, but your kind of [Indiscernible] did talk about it --
Hock Tan: No. I say service providers sometimes to say cloud as well. No, we say cloud also hanging out -- together with service provider -- together with the Telcos.
Edward Snyder: Great, thank you.
Hock Tan: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask you about capital allocation. Obviously, well half of the cash flow goes to the dividend, the other half goes, I mean, ideally to M&A or buybacks.  And it's been a while since obviously you executed M&A and were kind of getting towards the end of the year. At what point do you kind of make the decision to give up on M&A this year and start buying back stock or do you save the cash for a potential deal next year?  Just how do we think about your mindset around the M&A environment versus just using the cash for buybacks, and then maybe starting to cycle over again at some point as we get into the next year?
Hock Tan: Well, you know, it's not the first time I got this question, I got it last quarter and the quarter before, and I told you guys, and I stick by that, and so as you know, we're running it until the end of this fiscal year, which is October, November. And we'll make that call at that time, whether we use the cash to buy, or we use the cash either to buy -- to do an M&A or to buy back our shares.
Stacy Rasgon: Does that mean you would have to have a deal in mind in October, November, or could the call be to save the cash for something in the future? Or like if you don't have a deal on the books in October, November, do we see a buyback?
Hock Tan: More probably blade that was simple ways as far as saying that as you correctly say, we're accumulating cash at a fairly dramatic rate. And so, by the end of October, our fiscal year, we'll probably see the cash net of dividends, our cash pool to be up to close to $13 billion, which is something like 678 billion above what we would otherwise like to carry on our books. So, we have to make a decision at that point.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Congratulations on the strong quarterly execution and results. Strong free cash flow generation in Q3, you gave us the EBITDA profile for Q4. And if I use normalized assumptions on cash interest payments -- cash taxes in CaPex, looks like the team is going to generate about 13.7 billion - ish roughly in free cash flow this fiscal year, which roughly translates into dividends increase to at least $16.70, maybe a bit more of the team continue to return 50% of the free cash flow.  I guess my question is, on Q4 are there any one-time cash events timing-related dynamics, CaPex increases, or tax-related events which we should be considering, or are my free cash flow and dividend math roughly correct?  And then just a quick follow-up, the team has a fairly large footprint of logistics, warehousing, and key suppliers for assembly and tests in Malaysia. Just given the significant uptick in COVID-19 cases there. Is the team being impacted by potential facilities closures, or how was the team mitigating this impact?
Kirsten Spears: I'll take that first question that you asked and then I'll have Hock take the second one. Essentially, we, either or our policy isn't changing, we're going to return 50% of our free cash flows to our, you know our stockholders and I would say your math's pretty good.
Hock Tan: You're spot on, on your math. Almost.
Harlan Sur: Yeah. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Right. In terms of concern that you expressed about the resurgence of COVID-19 infections in Malaysia where we have [Indiscernible], we have a large supply chain team located. You're right. It's challenging, but we're managing very well, I think, our teams there.  I would say practically 99% of our people in Malaysia have been vaccinated. We made arrangements with the Malaysian government and ensured that this was done. And this has been done, so we are able to manage through this resurgence in Malaysia. And we will continue to keep our eye very closely on conditions over there. But for now, I think we are okay.
Harlan Sur: Thank you, Hock. Thanks, Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Actually, I just wanted to clarify something and then have the question. On the clarification, I think, Hock, you mentioned you're shipping to demand? Does it mean you're not seeing any supply shortages?  Then that would be very different than what we are hearing from every other semiconductor Company. So just wanted to make sure I have the right interpretation. And then my question is just kind of the long-term growth rate for Broadcom? In the past year, I mentioned this mid-single-digit growth rate. I understand that this year's compares make it easier to grow faster than that.  But as you look at Broadcom over the next handful of years, do you think you are in a situation to grow better than the mid-single-digit growth rate? What is missing to make you upgrade that mid-single-digit growth rate, the conceptual forecast that you have provided in the past?
Hock Tan: Okay. Let me take the first question first. Because -- the first part of the question first, because I think it's very important and very interesting, it ties into the first question by John Pitzer, it's "hey, why you are guys not shipping like crazy?  Are you supply-constrained? " That's always overhanging our care about making every waiver count in this environment and we do that very carefully. And we do that, I believe very well, given in looking at how well our margins are performing in this environment.  But we also are always, as I said before, a few times, the way we manage our supply chain, we pretty much liked to carefully scrutinize and demand as defined -- as defined by ourselves, which is one -- the -- the end-user who need those products.  What we also see, and I mentioned that in the industrial segment in 2000 in Q3, where resale from a distributor to know industrial generally goes through -- pretty much go through distributors.  The end-users just go to our distributors and wipe out our inventory -- both our inventory there. So, we'd show a resale growth of 55% and we all know that's not real demand. People are building up a buffer that's at a certain level of panic buying.  Take that across all segments of semiconductor markets today, you see that kind of behavior unless you call key suppliers. We put in careful discipline to manage supply to where demand is really needed, as opposed to where OEMs or even end-users are just building up buffers -- a bucket of buffers everywhere.  And that's pretty much what we spend a lot of our time doing. I cannot necessarily say the same of many other semiconductor companies out there, which is probably why John Pitzer is saying, why are people showing bigger numbers?  We can show bigger numbers. But that means we will build up inventory in the wrong places and we need every one of those wafers in this environment, not just this quarter or next quarter and the quarter after that, to ensure that our strategic customers are able to get what they need to launch, to deploying programs, right?
Vivek Arya: And on the long-term growth rate?
Hock Tan: On the long -- sorry, missed that. I get the [Indiscernible]. Well, we like -- I like to believe, like some of you do. That with this recent event and with this thing happening, especially COVID-19, creating a change of work habits in our ecosystem.  That there is a reset upwards towards higher consumption of technology. And by extension, semiconductor chips in the long-term. I agree that has been an accelerated adoption of certain technologies under these lockdown conditions in our economy -- in a lifestyle economy over the last 12 -- in the last 18 months.  That this has accelerated the adoption of technology, has created a strong growing demand for semiconductor products over these last 12 months. I agree, and we report those results, which we believe are true in demand, as I indicated in my -- early part on my answer to your question, that is now up to high -- mid to high double-digit teams, so to speak, year-on-year.  That's good, that's very strong. That's a far cry from my model that says semiconductor gross long-term mid-single-digits. But this accelerated consumption does not necessarily create a fundamental shift in our people's ability to consume technology. And when things revert back towards a more normal lifestyle, maybe not this year, maybe next year, or the year after.  I would expect this accelerated consumption would reset itself. And then you ask yourself, fundamentally over the next 10 years, 5, 10 years. Is semiconductor consumption usage going to increase any higher? I find it hard to imagine why it should?  If fundamentally, we have an industry that's relatively matured, still evolving, still changing, which makes it exciting for us? But pretty much been around fairly much a long time. I may be wrong; I still think you will revert over the next 5-10 years back to a norm.  And the question your view is, will that norm be high-single-digits perhaps rather than mid-single-digits, and you may be right. I don't know the answer to that. But right now, you're right. We are seeing 15% to 20% year-on-year demand usage of our semiconductor chips. And by the way, we are pretty broad across multiple end markets in the application of semiconductors. So, we kind of represent a large part of the overall semiconductor growth.  Now they may be particular [Indiscernible] that could grow faster than that mid-single-digits, and I do accept that, but given how broadly broad-based we are, I tend to think we revert to what will be the norm. And I cannot disagree with you that the norm might be higher than the mid-single-digits I've said before.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question and I want to ask about broadband, been running kind of in the '20s, year-over-year. You said up double-digits for Q4. I think last year is easy to compare, so I just want to know how literally to take that. I know you said maybe over time that would be the one segment that could moderate. It's enough you're signaling anything for October.
Hock Tan: Okay. No, broadband is hard to cut to the chase. It's hard, it's hard to drive by 2 things and I articulated that in my remark. WiFi, Wi-Fi 6, and WiFi is a big area now that operates to our service providers, basically, operator Telcos and cable operators are using as part of connectivity to households globally.  And we have literally won again, a huge part of that market [Indiscernible] and we're seeing that trend continuing into next-generation Wi-Fi 6E. But what's also driving WiFi -- broadband, I should say, Blayne, and I mentioned that is fiber.  Fiber is mounted on several large Telcos. Europe, U.S. is investing very big in putting fiber out there to households, particularly driven, I guess to some extent, by political considerations. They want to connect households very well. You hear about British Telecoms are openly saying they want to -- they are -- they have a program over the next 5-6 years to connect over 20 million British households.  Deutsche account telecom is doing exactly the same thing and so is AT&T here in the U.S. where they're very large program and this [Indiscernible], as I indicated, multiyear programs where each of these operators will spend multiple billions of dollars of investment to put that fiber out to the home.  And at the end of each node, the Fiber node, you have that wireless connectivity, Wi-Fi, within for the last 100 feet in the home. So, what I'm implying here is saying, this is not a one-shot thing. And the thinking in the past that fiber is a kind of boring single-digit, slow-growth business, might be changing from our perception -- from our perspective because we're seeing the program from those operators coming.  And a big part of it is, both U.S. and Europe, putting in large broadband in the form of fiber, because it's the most effective way. In some ways, economic way to expand to households and hand-in-hand with 5G network, wireless networks out there.  It's also very interesting for us, market share wise because you used to talk about China doing broadband fiber, today it's beyond that. It's Europe, the U.S. and the number of players fighting in this market on technology is much less now. Given the interesting political events between China and the rest of the world.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay from Cowen. Your line is now open.
Matt Ramsay: Good afternoon. Thank you very much. Hock, I noticed in your prepared script that you were a bit more specific about some of the leadership positions that Broadcom has in different levels of advanced [Indiscernible].  And you maybe call it out a bit more than you had in the past. It's an advantage to the Company's had in your own switching, routing products, but also in being the ASIC -- preferred ASIC shop for a few hyperscale folks.  I wonder if you might -- Did you call that out on purpose? Was it -- is there something changing their competitively given the scale of your R&D? If you feel like that lead is expanding, shrinking, and staying the same? Any update there would be great. Thank you.
Hock Tan: That's very perceptive of you. And the only reason I called that out is that it's true and it will be true for many years. And I just want to reemphasize this point that in terms of being probably the preferred vendor for specialized -- silicon engines to drive specialized workloads, and you-all have indicated to guess what some of those, especially in HyperCloud. We are -- we definitely are in the lead by far in these areas and for the reasons you mentioned.  We have the scale. Do we have a lot of the IP calls and the capability to do all those chips for those multiple [Indiscernible] who can afford and are willing to push the envelope on specialized offload -- l used to call it to offload computing engines, video transcoding, machine learning, even what people call DPOs, smart [Indiscernible] otherwise, call, and various other specialized engines and security, a hot way that we've put in place in multiple Cloud guys? Just a point of I guess, reinforcement that we still very much are the leader.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you, at this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Ji Yoo for closing remarks.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, Operator. In closing, please note that Hock Tan will be presenting at the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference on Thursday, September 9th, and the Citi Technology Conference on Tuesday, September 14. Kirsten Spears will participate in the Piper Sandler Tech Conference on September 13. We will also be hosting a Broadcom Software investor meeting on Tuesday, November 9, in New York.  Tom Krause from Broadcom Software Group will be leading the events, and senior leadership from our software business will present. We will be sending invitations to analysts and investors in the coming week. That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Operator, you may end the call.
Operator: This concludes today's Conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-06-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc.'s Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Director of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc. Please go ahead.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on today's call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; Tom Krause, President, Infrastructure Software Group; and Charlie Kawwas, Chief Operating Officer. Broadcom also distributed a press release and financial tables after the market closed, describing our financial performance for the second quarter of fiscal year 2021. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's Web site at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our Web site at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our second quarter fiscal year 2021 results, guidance for our third quarter, as well as commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. I'll now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ji, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. In Q2, semiconductor solutions revenue grew a strong 20% year-on-year to $4.8 billion, with infrastructure software revenue growing an expected 4% year-on-year to $1.8 billion. Consolidated net revenue was $6.6 billion, up 15% year-on-year. Now on the last earnings call we had  we talked about how strong broadband and networking bookings were from hypercloud and service providers, even as wireless was declining seasonally. In Q2, just passed, not only do we see broadband and networking sustaining, we now see a recovery of bookings from enterprise. And on the supply side, our lead times have now stabilized, but the volume of bookings we are experiencing today continues to grow. Now, we intend to meet such demand and in doing so we maintain our discipline process of carefully reviewing our backlog, identifying real end user demand and delivering products accordingly. With that as context, let me provide you more color. Starting with broadband, which interestingly enough is going through somewhat of a renaissance. Revenue grew 28% year-on-year and represented 18% of semiconductor revenue. As discussed during our broadband teaching, the work, learn and play from home environment is driving global service providers to expand connectivity to the home. In our broadband carrier access business, PON fiber, or otherwise known as PON, grew over 40% year-on-year, mostly with existing generation 2.5G, but with next-generation 10G PON representing only 30% today. There is significant room for content growth as 10G PON deploys over the next few years. Not to be outdone by fiber, cable operators in the U.S. are driving deployments of DOCSIS 3.1 cable modems, we see  we saw an 80% year-on-year growth and planning to accelerate the upgrade to next-generation DOCSIS 4.0. Our broadband technologies, in fact, are enabling service providers to complement the 5G they delivered to deliver best experience for consumers. Now overlaying all this last-mile broadband upgrades, we see a demand search for the latest Wi-Fi 6 and 6E technology to enable the last 100 feet of connectivity in homes. Broadcom has emerged as the clear market and technology leader in Wi-Fi for access gateways to the home into enterprises, with over 15 million parts shipped in Q2 alone, or a year-on-year revenue growth of some 30%. On the other hand, as we might expect, with a push into higher performance fiber, copper DSL, digital subscriber line deployments for wireline broadband declined 30% year-on-year, and with a lack of live events during the pandemic, video declined 20%. But with the onset of 5G, service providers are competing for subscribers, leading to technology upgrades globally in fiber, cable and Wi-Fi connectivity. We're seeing this investment cycle in broadband extending into 2022. And so for Q3, we expect to sustain double-digit year-on-year revenue growth in this segment. Moving on to networking. Networking grew 10% year-on-year and represented 32% of our semiconductor revenue. We experienced tailwind from hypercloud and telcos, partially offset by headwinds from enterprise. Revenue for switching was up 30% year-on-year, primarily driven by the strong ramp of our Trident and Tomahawk 3 for over 400G platforms and hypercloud data centers. In the networks, service providers have been investing in 5G infrastructure worldwide, where the demand for Jericho 2 at the metro core and Qumran at the edge have been robust with revenue up 35% year-on-year. On the other hand, enterprise demand in networking has not yet recovered, still down double digits from a year ago. And as we go into the back-half of the year, we expect to see hypercloud upgrading to a next-generation Trident Tomahawk 4 or over 800G switching platforms and sustained strength by service providers in network routing. And accordingly in Q3, we expect networking revenue to maintain the trend of low double-digit growth year-on-year, we found the complete recovery of enterprise demand. Speaking of enterprise, let's talk about service storage connectivity, which represented approximately 12% of semiconductor revenue. This end market is largely driven by enterprise and in line with our guidance, revenue was down 16% year-on-year. You may recall, however, in Q1, this was down 22%. And as the economy starts to recover, we have seen an improving demand trajectory. And so in Q3, we expect service storage connectivity revenue to be down high single-digit percentage year-on-year. With the launch of Intel's Ice Lake, AMD's Milan as well as future arm-based servers, this space is turning quite exciting and innovative for us, both in the hardware and software. And we will provide obviously more color during our next teach-in in July on our server storage business. Moving on to wireless, Q2 revenue was down 16% sequentially, reflecting seasonality with wireless representing 34% of semiconductor revenue mix. Nonetheless, on a year-over-year basis, wireless revenue was up 48%, reflecting a very favorable compare year-on-year, as well as content increases in FBAR and Wi-Fi. In Q2, we were able to ship more than we had originally planned. And accordingly in Q3, we expect the growth trend in wireless revenue to sustain, but at over 30% year-on-year. Finally, industrial and other represented approximately 4% of Q2 semiconductor solutions revenue. Resales grew 34% year-over-year in Q2, driven by recovering in automotive and China. Inventory in the channel continues to deplete as what we shipped in the distributors grew only 23%. Turning to Q3, we expect resales to continue to grow double digit percentage on a year-on-year basis. Summary, Q2 semiconductor solutions segment was up 20% year-on-year, and in Q3, we expect revenue growth year-over-year to be of a similar amount. Turning to software, in Q2 infrastructure software produced another quarter of steady and predictable results, as revenue grew 4% year-on-year and represented 27% of total revenue. Now, if we exclude professional services, our enterprise software revenue grew 7%, actually year-over-year, and as further indicator of the quality and sustainability of our products, over 90% of our software bookings represented recurring subscription and maintenance with an average contract lifespan from core customers pretty much close to three years. We continue to believe our infrastructure software business is on track to grow at a better than mid-single digit percentage year-over-year, which is again, what we expect to see in Q3. Summarizing this, demand continues to be robust and so our Q2 consolidated net revenue grew 15% year-over-year. We expect the momentum to sustain in Q3 and total revenue to be at $6.75 billion or up 16% year-on-year. With that, let me now turn the call over to Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Revenue was $6.6 billion for the quarter, up 15% from a year ago. Gross margins were a record 75% of revenue in the quarter, and up approximately 180 basis points year-on-year. Operating expenses were $1.2 billion down 1% year-on-year, driven by lower SG&A offset in part by increased investment in R&D. Operating income for the quarter was $3.8 billion and was up 25% from a year ago. Operating margin was 58% of revenue, up approximately 470 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $4 billion or 60% of revenue. This figure excludes $133 million of depreciation. Now, a review of the P&L for our two segments. Revenue for our semiconductor solution segment was $4.8 billion and represented 73% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 20% year-on-year. Gross margins for our semiconductor solution segment were approximately 69% up 290 basis points year-on-year, driven primarily by higher product margins. This margin improvement comes from content growth, as we deploy more next generation products in broadband and networking end markets. Operating expenses were $795 million in Q2, up approximately 2% year-on-year as we invested in R&D and streamlined SG&A. R&D was $702 million in Q2, up approximately 6% year-on-year. Q2 operating margins increased to 53%, up 580 basis points year-on-year. So while semiconductor revenue was up 20%, operating profit grew 35%. Moving to the P&L for our infrastructure software segment, revenue for infrastructure software was $1.8 billion and represented 27% of revenue. This was up 4% year-on-year. Gross margins for infrastructure software were 90% in the quarter, up 100 basis points year-over-year. Operating expenses were $355 million in the quarter, down 8% year-on-year, as we've completed the integration of Symantec. R&D spending at $228 million is up 1% year-over-year. Operating profit was up 10% year-on-year on top-line growth of 4%. Operating margin was 70% in Q2, up 360 basis points year-over-year. Moving to cash flow, free cash flow in the second quarter was $3.4 billion representing 52% of revenue. Day sales outstanding were 33-days in the second quarter compared to 51-days a year ago. We ended the second quarter with inventory of $1 billion, an increase of $52 million or 5% from the end of the prior quarter. We should also note, in Q2 we spent $126 million on capital expenditures. On the financing front, we extended our weighted average debt maturity to approximately 10-years from nine, by exchanging notes. Our weighted average coupon decreased about 5 basis points to 3.7%. During the quarter, we made $1.5 billion in payments on debt obligations, ending the quarter with $9.5 billion of cash and $40.4 billion of total debt, of which $278 million is short-term. Turning to capital allocation, in the quarter, we paid stockholders $1.6 billion of cash dividends. We also paid $461 million in withholding taxes due on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the elimination of approximately 1 million AVGO shares. We ended the quarter with $410 million outstanding common shares and $450 million diluted shares. Note, that we expect the diluted share count to be $449 million in Q3. The Board of Directors has approved a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock of $3.60 per share in Q3. Based on current trends and conditions, our guidance for the third quarter of fiscal 2021 is for consolidated revenues to be $6.75 billion and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 60% of projected revenue. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Hock, I've got two quick ones. First, within your wireless business, you've been able to sign long-term contracts with your key customer. And I'd argue that's benefited both you and them. It's given you the confidence to invest in the business properly, and then the confidence that you'll have supply for them when they need it. I'm just kind of curious, given how tight things are elsewhere in the semi business, have you been able to parlay this into any longer-term customer contracts? And what implication might that have as we all start to worry about the 'end of cycle?' And then secondly, just on your comments about enterprise recovery. Can you elaborate on that? Was that specifically a storage comment? Or is that also a networking comment?
Hock Tan: Okay. Let me take the question one at a time. On arrangements with long-term agreements, John, this is something we have been thoughtfully carefully putting in place with our core strategic customers. We just don't go do it as if it's commoditized. We're very thoughtful about doing it. And we do it in very specific areas where technology -- where we know for sure that the technology is fairly, fairly difficult complex to manage, and which requires a substantial amount of R&D spending. And we've been doing it for a while now. We've got strategic customers in core businesses. So we just don't do it across the board. And what you pointed out is very, very correct. It's a mutual, then its a structure, its an agreement with mutual benefit. We have the confidence to invest in R&D to make CapEx capacity investments. And in return, we offer the best leading-edge technology in specific areas in a timely manner to our critical customers. So yes, we have been doing it, and we will continue to thoughtfully do it in a very appropriate manner. On the second part, okay, which is if you could repeat the question, John, let me be sure I capture everything.
John Pitzer: Yes. Can you just elaborate a little bit on your comments about an enterprise recovering brewing? Was that mostly within storage? Or was it networking? So I'm a little bit surprised, given some of Cisco's comments that you're not a little bit more positive on the enterprise network space.
Hock Tan: It is across -- it is for enterprise spending. It is I wouldn't say across the board necessarily and trying to define enterprise very appropriately. As you know, as you notice in my comments, we classified service providers, telcos as a separate animal, different from traditional enterprise. And so as I pointed out, based on broadband, telcos have been investing, big time service provider, telcos have been investing in a huge manner over the past 12 months. But traditional enterprise, the companies, whether it's the banks, the manufacturing sector, various retail customers and airlines examples, no, these guys are in a recovery mode. And not surprising, we are seeing pandemic easing, like, say, in North America. And as it eases, we see a step up in spending, but we do not see spending spiking up. Now, obviously, if you look at some businesses that require - like warehouses that require Wi-Fi networks, campus networking environment, you do see that improving. But to say across the board, all enterprises are just spending money, not we are still seeing and as I showed that in servers, storage connectivity, we still see a year-on-year things are not up to what it was a year ago. And that applies not just on data centers, namely compute, it also applies to data centers in enterprise, campus environment. We see less of that, but across the board.
John Pitzer: Helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Harlan Sur of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Great job on the quarterly execution, strong margins and free cash flow generations. Hock, I think as you mentioned, we're still in the early phases of the 400-gig networking upgrade cycle with your hyperscale and telco customers. I know two of your big cloud piping customers have already started the upgrade. Looks like there are another two more that are going to start the upgrade cycle here in the second-half of this year, and quite a bit more next year. And then as you mentioned, you still have Tomahawk 4 ahead of you. So given the extended visibility that the team has with a strong backlog, do you see the cloud and telco upgrade cycle an inevitable recovery in enterprise, driving continued year-over-year growth in networking into next year?
Hock Tan: I dont  I - we don't really try to guide more than one quarter at a time, first of all, because we're not that smart to be able to do that. But on a broader trajectory, it does appear fairly much the trend, as we said which is, the hypercloud guys will go will push out in the second-half as indicated on the data center sign on Tomahawk 4, the 800G platform. They have substantial backlog for delivery in the back-half of the year for Tomahawk 4. So we see that going on. But - and you're right, we see the recovery step-by-step of their enterprise, though I do not see that really taking off enormous in terms of reaching the level it was a year ago, probably until 2022. But what we do not know for sure is would that give pause to hypercloud in their spending. And that part, I'm just putting everything on the table. We're not sure whether hypercloud spending will necessarily continue into 2022. We sense it would, we see some of the backlog. But as enterprise steps up, one really never knows if the economy starts to rebalance in that side. But what we do see in broadband is service providers, the telcos in particular, are for sure upgrading. And here, this is a longer cycle of upgrade, and we see them upgrade. And we see the backlog associated with it through 2022.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your question, please.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for having me ask a question. Congrats on the strong results. Hock, I wanted to dive a little bit into the lead time commentary that you had with that stabilizing. Two quarters ago, you talked about the size of the book, the backlog you had. Last quarter, you talked about the year-over-year, and even in some instances, the sequential growth being so large in bookings. And now we're hearing that the lead times are stabilizing. People could interpret that a bunch of different ways as far as the implication on the demand side of the equation or that supply is catching up to it. Or frankly, people are just ordering so far out that they're not willing to extend that any further. So, I was hoping to double click on that lead time commentary and get your feelings as to why it's stabilizing. And do you take that as a positive a negative?
Hock Tan: Oh, I just made a comment to say we have stretched our lead time so far, Ross. Good point you bring up, and I'm glad you bring it up to give me a chance to clarify a set of quick comments I made in my opening remarks. We are comfortable at the lead times we are on. And so what it is, is customer, our customers are comfortable seeing our lead time now. But what we have found rather remarkable over the last quarter is that even if our lead times remain stable, consistent, the volume of bookings we receive every week continues to grow. I made that comment and I'm thankful for the opportunity to make that -- to reiterate that point. Sanely time stable for last three months, but the booking rate we are seeing every week continues to step up.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya of Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Hock, I had another one on the supply situation. If there were no supply constraints, how fast would your semiconductor business be growing? And kind of part B of that is, what is driving the shortages for you right now? And what are you doing to resolve it? And do you have any kind of gut feel on when the supply situation will become normal? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Great. I'll answer the first and the last, and in between I'm not sure. But on the first, it's we will not put ourselves in the situation nor should anyone do it, because there's also a certain amount you don't know we do not want our customers and I don't think any of our peers want to do that either to buy too hot to create buffers, to buy ahead of what they mean. So, we try to match identify, as I said and go through a process of rigorously understanding through end demand. In other words, we look for drop date quantities as the term is used in industry. And we ship to those drop date quantities and maybe a little more. And what you see today is the true growth rate we are representing. We are not hiding what could have been. There's no what could have been. We're shipping to what we believe with the customers consider is their true real demand. Now having said that, we may be delivering during JIT, just in time, but nonetheless, we do try to fulfill what customer truly want just in the timely basis. And that still continues today, regardless of the size of the backlog we have, where this really in that regard. And from our perspective, the challenges we have in the supply chain is a constant side challenges is to ensure that we get components, whether it's wafers, substrates, getting our products assembled, tested, and any other small components on a timely basis to make sure that we can keep this thing running. And we look at the size of our inventory versus the size of our cost of goods sold, or revenue quarterly, you can see that we run pretty close to just in time through our entire supply chain. And we've been able to do it and sustain that. And so what we're reporting to you like 20% year-on-year growth on semiconductor components is, in our view, a pretty decent reflection what is truly end demand needs out there. All right. Nice question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri of UBS. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Hock, I guess I wanted to ask you what you think the long-term growth rate is of your semiconductor business. You're sort of trending to the high teens this year. But that's kind of due to easy comps, and you have the compressed iPhone launch and the pull forward of some of these technologies due to the pandemic. So, once this all sort of normalizes, what do you think is the right long-term growth rate for the business? Are you still thinking 5%? Or do you think maybe just given the strength of the bookings recently that it could be better than that? Thanks.
Hock Tan: That's a hell of a question. And I'll tell you this, right now, we're in the midst of a very strong demand. And that's also created, perhaps, as we all know about a severe imbalance within demand and supply, as demand as supply works to catch up. But if you look at it long enough, I think the dynamics underlying the fundamental dynamics underlying the semiconductor industry hasn't yet changed. At least I haven't seen it to change. So Tim, that's my best, and that's the best answer I can give you, which is I haven't changed my thinking, even look over the next 10-years, how this industry will behave. Because it is a relatively matured industry, it's evolutionary. Technology is still evolving, which is great for us and it keeps getting better and better. But it's evolving. Disruption, as people like to say, in this industry is less of an event. It's evolutionary, and I have not seen anything that tells me there's a fundamental change.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Thanks. Hock, just given the ongoing strength in the free cash flow and improved balance sheet, can you just talked about your thoughts on the M&A environment? And also, and/or buybacks, how you're thinking about cash deployment as you go forward?
Kirsten Spears: Yeah, I'll take that one. This is Kirsten. Relative to capital allocation, first and foremost, we're dedicated to paying 50% of our free cash flows to our shareholders. And so that would be first. Secondly, M&A, if we can -- creative M&A, it would be the second objective. Then thirdly, stock buybacks and at the end, there would be debt repayments. So I think that's how we're looking at capital allocation in that order. There isn't anything yet on the M&A front that I can talk about. But if anything does come up, we'll let you know.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Just curious, a little more detail on the gross margin, it's the record gross margin. Any color on product or segment? And then I guess as you look forward here, if you could describe what you're still dealing with in terms of excess costs due to COVID? And then how to think about it as enterprise comes back? Should that be added to the gross margin?
Kirsten Spears: I expect gross margin next quarter to be about the same as it was this quarter. And then as you know, at the end of the year, we're expecting wireless to come back in for the normal ramp that we have, and so the margins will come down a bit towards the end of the year. But at this point, I see us being able to sustain the margins that we experienced this quarter, mostly coming from networking and broadband.
Hock Tan: Blayne, and the result perhaps repeating ourselves to myself too much from past conversations that I had with you, with all you guys. Our gross margin has this natural trend of continuing to keep expanding year-on-year, not necessary quarter-on-quarter, but sequentially as much as year-on-year, simply because we tend to have a chance to go to a new product, new next generation product across some of our franchise products. And it's a combination of all this.  So the natural growth of expansion of gross margin for our business, especially in the semi side, particularly in the semi side, which I assume your question is related to Blayne is, as I've always said, we have a gross margin expansion range of 50 to 150 basis points year-by-year. And it's an average across our 24, 25 different well, I should take out software just hardware, about 20 or so different product lines, each with a different product lifecycle. And each going with new generation product each time, because as you know, each time we come to a new generation product, we get a lift in margins on product margins, which translates to gross margin. So it's not unusual to see us go to the higher end of the range. And in this particular case, year-on-year is a bit more than a higher end range. And that's probably related to perhaps a separate mix of products in this environment because there are still puts and takes across our product range, not everything is on fire. And based on that we end up with higher than the normal 50 to 150 basis point range. But, I don't think this is something that will go on forever. But you should expect that year-after-year, you will see that 50 to 150 basis point improvement in gross margin on a semiconductor side.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys. Thank you so much for taking my questions. I had two actually, one on wireless and one on the cost side. Hock, in terms of wireless, I guess, in Q2 revenue came in better than expected. I just wanted to understand was that primarily supply being better? Or were there dynamics on the demand side that came in better than expected? And then sticking to wireless, as you think about the next generation product cycle your largest customer, how are you thinking about the content opportunity at this point? You pretty much know what's locked in. If you can comment on RF and Wi-Fi, and touch, maybe compare and contrast this uplift, in this cycle vis--vis past cycles that would be super helpful? And then on the cost side, based on the comments you just made about gross margin expansion and some of Kirsten's comments, I doubt cost inflation is having an impact on your business. But if you can speak to wafer pricing and substrates and what you're seeing from a cost perspective over the next year or so that would be super helpful? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Alright, let's start with the first one. And if I lost track of the last two you better remind me, Toshiya. But on wireless, you're right. What indicated was Q2 wireless was kind of higher than we had originally planned. And it's all analog related to demand. Of course, it's demand. We will never ship just because we have the product. It is based on demand one thing, and we are happy to fulfill it.  And part of the demand may actually come a bit from Q3. Not sure 100% yet, because this demand comes in short cycles and in May, and perhaps that's why I'm a bit careful about telling you Q3 year-on-year improvement is still 30% plus year-on-year growth. I'm not saying 40 plus, but we don't know for sure, except we know that we do pull in some from Q3 to Q2 not much. And that allows Q2 to perform 48% year-on-year growth which is great, but Q3 will still be pretty good year-on-year as we fully expect. And related to content and all that, I prefer at this point in this sensitive arena with a highly sensitive situation to not answer that question at all. No offense, please. But I can't answer that question. But I'll be happy to take the third question, which is, yeah, we have cost inflation in this environment, where as we all know, the semiconductor supply chain is under severe constraints on its ability to provide. Now whether we are very large, we are very, very large customer and a very loyal customer to many of our suppliers of our key components. And so we believe we are treated very well. Having said that, where prices are concerned, of course, not. We see cost inflation. And in this environment, we are very, very open to talking to our customers who are in turn very open to being able to address costs, inflationary costs, cost pressure in a higher purchase price on your site. So we're good, which is why our margin have been stable.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from CJ Muse of Evercore. Your line is open.
CJ Muse: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess another question on the supply chain and I guess a bigger picture question, Hock. If you think about, your increased lead times, you talked earlier to John's question about selective strategic agreements with key customers. At the same time we're taking multiyear kind of take or pay contracts with foundries. Curious if you see any structural changes to the semi-industry as we kind of emerge post-pandemic?
Hock Tan: Okay. My frank opinion, I don't know, they shouldn't be. Sane question that was asked is, do I think the semiconductor industry over the next 10, 20-years will grow any faster or slower. And my view is, no, I don't think, I don't see any fundamental things that have changed. See, while we're in the flick of this storm, so to speak, of course, all hell breaks loose as the expression goes. But these are cycles we all have seen many times in the semiconductor industry. And maybe this is a bit extreme in the context of the pandemic, over the course of 2020, now extending partly into 2021. But, the supply will stable at some point. And demand is always there, because people need technology, people need the performance, need the technology that we all offer in the products we provide. And we'll be competing the same way we have been competing. And it's not necessarily related to creating long-term agreements or any such thing. It's about being able to provide the best technology, the best product in a timely manner for your customers. And it doesn't matter that you do any agreements. If at the end of the day, you like the technology or you like the products that customers need to make themselves successful, or to be able to deploy in a very well in a good manner. And that has always been the semiconductor industry. And then there I do not see anything that changes that. Now, putting long-term agreements might make life easier, but I think it's just a myth. We still have to establish ourselves that we can outperform our engineer the competition.
CJ Muse: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Danely of Citi. Your line is open.
Chris Danely: Hey, thanks, gang. There's a lot of talk worries, speculation I dont know of old wives tales, whatever, about this big inventory build of handsets in China. Any thoughts there Hock and team And, what will be the potential impact for Broadcom?
Hock Tan: Well, not directly, if there's such a big overhang sitting out there, not directly because, our wireless business, our wireless product, as we have fully articulated pretty much sells to two large customers largely. We're talking about handset. We do not sell much, if any, to the handset guys, OEMs that is in China. And we sell to two big customers, one in North America, one in Korea, and these are very high-end flagship status phones. And now there could be indirect blowback and then I do recognize in certain markets, if there is an excess of inventory that needs to be just thrown out there. But on the other side on a direct basis, we do not expect to see anything.
Chris Danely: Thanks, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo for closing remarks.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator. In closing, please note that Hock will be presenting at the BOFA Securities Technology Conference on Tuesday, June 8. Following our networking and broadband teachings earlier this year, Broadcom and Bernstein will be hosting a teaching on our storage businesses on Wednesday, July 21, at 12pm Eastern 9am Pacific. Hock will be joined by Jas Tremblay, General Manager of our Server Storage Connectivity business, Jack Rondoni, General Manager of our thin business [ph] and Dan Dolan, marketing head of our hard disk drive business. That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Operator, you may end the call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-03-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc.'s First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Ji Yoo, Director of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on today's call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer; Tom Krause, President, Infrastructure Software Group; and Charlie Kawwas, Chief Operating Officer. Broadcom also distributed a press release and financial tables after the market closed, describing our financial performance for the first quarter of fiscal year '21. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's Web site at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our Web site at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments, Hock and Kirsten will be providing details of our first quarter fiscal year '21 results, guidance for our second quarter, as well as commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made today -- during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. I'll now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ji, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Well, we delivered net revenue of $6.7 billion, up 14% year-on-year. Semiconductor Solutions revenue was $4.9 billion, increasing 17% year-on-year. Infrastructure Software revenue was $1.7 billion, up 5% year-on-year. Let me turn first to Semiconductor Solutions. But before I get into the numbers, perhaps it would be very constructive for me to give you my perspective on the situation today. And in fact, what has actually evolved over the past nine months. You may recall in our earnings call Q2 fiscal 2020, around middle of last year, that we highlighted supply chain challenges. Since then, we have started extending lead times across our product portfolio, which we stretch these lead times further over the past nine months as we saw demand within end markets continue to increase. So fast forward to today, we see customers accelerating their bookings for early deliveries and attempting to build buffers and creating the demand supply imbalance, you all hear out there. In anticipation of this phenomenon, we put in place in May 2020m, a very rigorous, disciplined process of carefully reviewing our backlog, identifying real end user demand and aligning our supply chain to more closely match end user consumption. Of course, not all end markets are behaving the same way, but we believe we have done a very good job of balancing demand and supply in our end markets. And what I'm reporting today does reasonably reflect what's been consumed by our end users. With that, let me get into the numbers. In Semiconductors, we grew 17% year-on-year organically. Starting with wireless, we hit the seasonal peak in Q1 where wireless was up 52% year-on-year and reached 40% of semiconductor revenue mix. These sharp increase was in large part due to a higher content  FBAR content was up and we shipped in high volume Wi-Fi 6 and Wi-Fi 6E, the next generation of Wi-Fi 6. As expected, Q2 wireless revenue will now show a typical seasonal decline sequentially even as anticipated revenues will be up 30% to 40% year-on-year. And as we look into the second-half of the year, we're planning for typical revenue ramp in this space and structuring our in-house FBAR fab capacity appropriately. These should result in sustaining the year-on-year growth trend we now see in Q2 through the second-half of the year. Moving on, networking represented approximately 29% of our Semiconductor Solution revenue in the quarter and grew 15% year-on-year. Demand is strong, driven largely by data center span in the cloud and global telcos, who continue to upgrade their infrastructure and network. Sustainability of this strength is evidenced by bookings as they jump 80% year-on-year and 62%, sequentially. Demand for switch and routing platforms, both of the current and as well as next generation is robust. But as anticipated, our AI TPU business was seasonally down this quarter. Moving on to Q2, we expect networking to be up sequentially and continue the trend of being up year-on-year, driven by continued strength we see in cloud and telcos offset partially by continued weakness in enterprise. Turning to broadband, which represented approximately 15% of Semiconductor Solutions, revenue was up 8% year-on-year, driven by the work-from-home environment. Multiple telcos, Europe -- in Europe and the U.S continue to roll out PON and cable DOCSIS. Embedded in this wireline gateways are our next generation Wi-Fi 6 access points. Softness in enterprise was more than offset by the strong demand from retail home routers, even as telcos continue to spend. Looking at Q2, we are enabling the launch of new Wi-Fi 6 enabled platforms with higher value content for North American and European telcos. As a result, we do see demand accelerating consumption -- and consumption increasing and we expect to generate double-digit year-on-year revenue growth in broadband. Server storage connectivity represented approximately 12% of Q1 semiconductor revenue. This segment is largely driven by enterprise demand as we know, and not surprisingly, server storage revenue was down 22% year-on-year, reflecting continued softness in end user demand as well as OEMs, original equipment manufacturers depleting their inventory in this space. While bookings have improved, these are largely for demand in the second-half. And accordingly, we expect revenue in Q2 to continue to be down year-over-year by double-digit percentage. However, we do expect some recovery based on our bookings received in the second-half. And finally, industrial represented approximately 4% of Q1 Semiconductor Solution revenue. Resales grew 13% year-over-year in Q1, driven by a recovery of multiple economic sectors in China. Turning to Q2, we expect resales to grow at roughly the same level as we see recovery now occurring as well in Japan and Europe. Inventory in the channel for us continues to deplete, and we may have to increase shipments and revenues to replenish channel inventory this quarter. So in summary, Semiconductor Solution revenue -- segment revenue was up 17% year-on-year in Q1. Q2, we expect this year-over-year percentage revenue to continue at a similar -- around a similar amount, in spite of a seasonal decline in wireless. The way it looks now is relatively strong trend appears to be sustaining through most of 2021. However, in our view, this very high and unusual secular growth rate, merely highlights an accelerated adoption of our connectivity platforms during this pandemic. Turning to our other segment, software. Q1, 2021 was our first quarter that on a year-on-year basis provides an organic comparison following the Symantec acquisition. In Q1, infrastructure software revenue growth was 5% year-on-year. In dollar terms, bookings average 122% over expiring contracts, while core accounts are averaged 137%. Now over 90% of these bookings represented recurring subscription and maintenance. Our strategy of focusing on core accounts continues to perform well as we cross sell our portfolio of software too. In other words, our software portfolio continues to perform as we have planned and continues to be on track with our long-term financial model for organic software revenue growth of around mid single-digit percentage year-over-year. And that's something we expect to continue to see in Q2. So, in summary, our Q1 consolidated revenue -- net revenue grew 14% year-on-year. We expect a similar growth trajectory in Q2, which could bring revenue to $6.5 billion or a 13% year-on-year growth. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Net revenue was a record $6.7 billion for the quarter, up 14% from a year ago. Gross margins were 73% of revenue in the quarter and up approximately 30 basis points year-on-year. Operating expenses were $1.1 billion, down 8% year-on-year, reflective of the full benefit of the completed Symantec integration. Operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $3.8 billion and is up 23% from a year ago. Operating margin was 57% of revenue, up 420 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.9 billion or 59% of revenue. This figure excludes $138 million of depreciation. Now a review of the P&L for our two segments. Revenue for Semiconductor Solutions was $4.9 billion and represented 74% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 17% year-on-year. Gross margins for Semiconductor Solutions were approximately 67% in the quarter, up to 20 basis points year-on-year. Notwithstanding the higher mix of lower margin wireless revenue. Operating expenses were $750 million in Q1, down 3% year-on-year as we invested in R&D and streamlined SG&A. Because of this operating margins increased to 52% in Q1, up 350 basis points year-on-year. So while semiconductor revenue was up 17%, operating profit grew 25% all organic. Moving to the P&L for our infrastructure software segment. Revenue for infrastructure software was $1.7 billion and represented 26% of revenue. This was up 5% year-on-year. Gross margins for infrastructure software were 90% in the quarter, up 190 basis points year-over-year. Operating expenses were $346 million in the quarter, down 18%. year-on-year as we've completed the integration of Symantec. Operating profit was up 17% year-on-year on top line growth of 5%. Operating margin was 70% in Q1, up 740 basis points year-over-year. Moving to cash flow. Free cash flow in the first quarter was approximately $3 billion representing 45% of revenue. This is up 35% year-over-year as we carefully manage working capital. Day sales outstanding were 35 days in the first quarter compared to 57 days a year-ago. We ended the quarter with inventory of $952 million, a decrease of $51 million or 5% from the end of the prior quarter. We should also know in Q1, we spent $114 million on capital expenditures. On the financing front, we extended our weighted average debt maturity to approximately 9 years from 6 by issuing new notes that we use to refinance and redeem existing debt. Our weighted average coupon increased about 23 basis points to 3.8%. We ended the quarter with $9.6 billion of cash and $41.9 billion of debt, of which $843 million is short term. Turning to capital allocation. In the quarter, we paid our common stockholders $1.5 billion of cash dividends. We also paid $225 million in withholding taxes due on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the elimination of approximately 521,000 AVGO shares. We ended the quarter with $408 million outstanding common shares and $450 million diluted shares. Note that we expect the diluted share count to be $450 million in Q2. Based on current business trends and conditions, our guidance for the second quarter of fiscal '21 is for consolidated net revenues of $6.5 billion and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 59% of projected revenue. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Hock, some good color on the supply side of the equation and a little bit about your lead times extending. I wanted to dive a little bit into that. Last quarter, you talked about a backlog? I think the number was $14 billion. Can you talk a little bit about the composition of your backlog today? How it is on an absolute level and the sustainability of it as investors are wondering if this demand is just too good to be sustainable? And what does it mean to excess bookings, double ordering that sort of inventory digestion that will inevitably follow thereafter?
Hock Tan: Well, it's a very interesting question, a very, very appropriate question at this time. And as I say, we have had, as I indicated, we started this process nine -- almost nine months ago, because weve seen demand that are quite strong. And we started the process of thinking how we best ensure very, very good use of our supply chain capacity. And basically, as I said, we went through this process rigorously scrubbing our backlog. And by the way, our entire backlog virtually and backlog follow a set of terms -- of key set of terms we mentioned before, which is non-cancelable for any of our customers who booked us, and they still apply, more so than ever. So double bookings from our point of view, is not -- it's never been an issue. And as we stretch our lead times, we are seeing customers obviously booked for delivery dates for customer requests they set further out. So that makes sense, too. And that's why it makes the process of create or being able to match customer consumption close -- as close as we could do it against what we supply to be something that makes sense, and we've done that. And I think we are fairly -- we could always do better, but we feel pretty good that we have a reasonable process in place that ensures then our customers get the products and maybe just in time, but they do get the products when they need it. And we believe we have managed this process of supply, demand and imbalance fairly very, very well, as I indicated. And, in fact, as I made to repeat the point I highlighted, our revenue year-on-year in Q1 was up 17%, but as I also indicated, our bookings was up 63% that by itself proves there's a lot of demand and people are booking out very far. We are virtually 90% booked for 2021 and if you laid out what they need. And we believe this is real because they cant cancel it. And obviously, in order to do reach that point to one of your points, has our backlog as we begin Q2 increase from when we began Q1, yes, it has. We have and quite significantly, as we start to see lead times even stretch out more. And the strength, we believe of our products, not only products that are incumbent and used today, but what is coming down the pipe as next generation products, which have already released, but await launching is proven by the fact that we have customers, many of them and reflecting our backlog while willing to book out for delivery of those products out through the rest of 2021.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Hock, the biggest concern by investors right now is your ability to drive growth in the seasonally stronger second-half of your fiscal year, your July and October quarters, when you start to ramp into your flagship smartphone customers. If I just apply normal seasonal trends in wireless, combined with, let's say, sustained networking strength and, as you mentioned, recovery and storage, that would get me revenues in the second-half in that sort of $6.77 billion range. And now I'm not asking you to endorse those numbers, but I guess the question is, from a supply chain perspective, has the team secured enough capacity to drive higher revenues in July and October quarter, if your backlog supported that profile?
Hock Tan: If you are really asking me to guide you until and I'm not guiding you. But I do understand your question. And you've seen in my prepared remarks just earlier of where we see ourselves planning and the trend to go. We have -- I've also specifically mentioned where we are manufacturing, like FBAR in-house, which is a big part of what is the upcycle in  the seasonal upcycle in the back half on the wireless side that we have put in place the capacity to handle it. The simple answer to your question is, yes, we have done a decent job, as I said, over the last six months and we continue to do a decent job of being able to meet our -- the critical needs of all our customers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Go ahead, please.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Hock, you mentioned you expected this 30%, 40% kind of year-on-year growth rates in wireless to sustain in the back half, I was hoping if you could give us some color on what kind of content growth you are expecting this year. And then looking forward, how much does Broadcom benefit from all these C band spectrum auctions that were conducted recently. I assume that's more of an outer year benefit.
Hock Tan: Yes, on the latter part, yes, it is an outer year. This thing dont get implemented so fast. And on the formal part of your question, I can answer that, I'm sorry. For obvious reasons it's too early. We will tell you about it when the time is appropriate. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Yes, thanks for let me ask the question. Hock, I just want to get back to the supply demand imbalance. You did a very good job kind of explaining how you guys are trying to call your backlog. I'm kind of curious, as you look out over the next couple of quarters, when do you think supply will catch up to demand enough, such as your customers don't feel obligated to have to build that cushion?
Hock Tan: Another way of answering that question, John, I think is when do you see lead time to reduce. Maybe do not reduce and perhaps normalize. Thats probably the other way of looking at that equation. And right now, I don't know the answer to that. What we do know is we have extended lead time. Today in place, and we've been extending the lead time over the past several months, as I indicated. And we have a fairly extended lead time today and we're getting the bookings from the customer. And when the bookings disappear is probably when you know you're headed to a situation of demand starting to disappear. We have not reached that point yet, far from it at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So Hock, youre saying that you're stretching out lead times. I get it, but I think before you told us the lead times were 6 months. So if you're stretching them out, where are they actually sitting today? And how does that maybe vary by end market? And I guess to that end, you said, you're kind of convinced that what youre shipping now sort of represents end user consumption. How do you actually have any visibility into that? And do you think the users, I mean, are the products actually going into end products? How do you know the users arent stockpiling them and order -- ordering them while they can? How do you have any visibility into whats they're doing with them?
Hock Tan: That's a hell of a good question by the way. And it cuts to the core of the work we've been doing. But never been working harder, simply because number one is, don't forget we supply -- we do supply -- I mean, we supply a range of products, and we do supply to a bunch of customers. But keep in mind, if I could remind you of the business model, we've built up the structure, we build up. We provide technology leadership product in multiple verticals, mostly connectivity into the IT space. Where we are with the leader, where we play, we tend to be leader and we play with leading customers worldwide. We know, who those guys are. We know the level of consumption. And in many areas where we go -- and we're talking end user demand. We're not talking about middle people, middlemen like distributors, for sure. We indicated that we don't -- for our leading customers, we don't go to distributors. And for OEMs, we track them because who they sell the end demand, that those -- our products to is where it counts at the end of the day. And in many cases of -- in one segment, in particular, server storage, but it also applies to some extent in part of our networking business and to a much lesser extent, in a broadband business, for sure. We actually see the difference between -- in terms of whether it's just inventory depletion at original equipment manufacturers or even buffer inventory sitting in end users versus actually using the products in the same quarter we ship them the product. We track that. And thats really -- and for us, its not that complex when you think about our revenues. In semiconductors, 75% of our revenues really goes to just over 100 customers worldwide. We can track it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. I appreciate the color on the software bookings relative to revenue. Now that you have Symantec for a year and CA for a couple of years, can you just talk about the confidence of the growth rates on a longer term basis that you're talking about? I know you touched on the 90% recurring, which is really how the global large accounts are kind of -- how that transition is playing out?
Hock Tan: Yes. As I indicated in my prepared remarks on some of the key metrics we go by, we feel very, very good about those two. We feel very good that things are moving along and tracking along where we -- both the business and financial model where we expect them to go, which is about focusing on core customers and truly uplifting capacity, entitlements, products to those core customers across our portfolio. I mean -- and youve seen the metrics we indicated, they increased. And on noncore, youve also -- while we dont say -- what I said previously is we do see a level of attrition, manageable, but it will and as the trade -- but is offset by improvement in core, we expect to be able to reach a stabilization, as I say, around mid single digits on a very consistent basis. And we have seen that 2 years now that weve gone through over 2 years now. And weve seen that happen. We have seen eight quarters -- nine quarters to be exact, of that level of performance and is a great line of sight. The other thing I might add that its also interesting and I know stating the obvious to some extent is most of all our customers, if not all of them, are enterprises, even in this environment. You heard when I tell by enterprise in semiconductors and how -- and the approach, the different approach, the different characteristics and behavior enterprises have in terms of demand requirements in this environment of a pandemic, work-from-home to -- compared to telcos, broadband and public cloud. We dont see that in software, in the infrastructure software we have, simply because these are mission critical products, tools embedded in the business process of these largest enterprises in the world who, if anything else, during this environment, consume more of those products rather than less.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi. Thanks a lot. I guess, I also had a question on the supply demand. Hock, orders obviously were up quite a bit in fiscal Q1, Q-on-Q, given that revenue was up in backlog, I think you said was up significantly. So as you look into fiscal Q2, wireless orders are obviously going to come down a lot. So I'm wondering if orders in the other parts of the business are going to be strong enough such that total orders will be up in fiscal Q2 again. Thanks.
Hock Tan: Tim, if we are talking about -- when you say orders, and I hear you say orders, let me say, the orders, as we ramp up to this current generation of phones for a large North American customer, as we ramp it up for this current generation, bookings started ramping up as early as Q3, really shot up in Q4 and started declining late Q4 and Q1. So bookings was already declining. And when I indicated Q1 bookings year-on-year improvement of 80% and what Im also saying is that is netting out a decline in bookings of our wireless in a fairly substantial manner as it would have -- you would expect seasonally. So the answer is, yes. What we are seeing, what Im reflecting out to you guys, that I showed those bookings, the revenue is -- the bookings that we are showing in Q1, which is fairly strong, reflects declining bookings in wireless as we all fully expect seasonally in -- at that -- during that time frame.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Thanks so much for taking the question. Hock, I wanted to ask about capital allocation. The dividend component is pretty predictable, but outside of the dividend, how are you thinking about paying down debt, buying back stock and M&A and software. The markets are clearly very volatile right now, but how are you thinking about those three buckets on a relative basis? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Thats a very interesting question. I was wondering when one of you guys will get to that and sure enough. Youre right, we are accumulating cash and you heard Kirsten mention it. We are generating cash -- in Q1, we generated $3 billion of cash. And that was -- Q1 also was -- is the time we pay out bonuses to all our employees. So if I normalize that, thats about -- were generating $3.5 billion a quarter is free cash flow. So its building -- and half of that goes to dividends or almost half of it as you correctly say, so thats predetermined. And the other half for now we are putting into an increasing cash portfolio and youre right. Well, look -- and our business model and strategy, as you know long-term is to acquire and add on to our portfolio, add on to our earnings stream for our shareholders. And we take that very seriously, and we continue to look at it very seriously. If -- and so -- and that this takes time and we continue to look at it. And we want to take an approach -- my point that we would be somewhat flexible to that as we accumulate cash. And by end of this calendar -- fiscal year, we havent done an acquisition, we will obviously take a hard look at our two other choices. One is pay down debt. And that may even happen before then, pay down debt. But interest rates are very low and money is very available, and were still very investment grade. And the other alternative is buy back shares. And all these are open.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Hock, I was just curious a little bit more on the wireless. We don't have the right compares year-over-year. So maybe if you just give us a little color as to what you're expecting. I just don't know what that 30% to 40% year-over-year really kind of compares to. So maybe just some just color as to what you're seeing from that wireless channel versus normal seasonal patterns that would help us kind of dial in as to what you're really saying for April.
Hock Tan: Well, as I indicated in my prepared remarks when it comes to wireless, this is for 2021. Dont forget there is some timing adjustment by Q2, Blayne, in the sense that what used to be a big quarter in our wireless seasonality of fiscal Q4, in this recent generation, the peak quarter, as I indicated, begin Q1 of '21. So obviously things roll down, perhaps somewhat slower. And because we are also assuming, as it rolls down slower in the course of fiscal '21, that we can -- we have to assume, for lack of knowing no better, that we might be back to a normal seasonal cadence of a wireless seasonality -- of wireless launch of new phones and assume that you will be back to that normal cadence. So '21 might look kind of compressed when you think of in terms of revenue, in terms of availability of a market for us to address. And then couple that with a content increase between '20 and '21, you therefore could understand why we -- I indicated that for the rest of '21 begin to look like a fairly significant 30% to 40% increase on a year-on-year basis as we run through each -- the remaining quarters of '21.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from CJ Muse with Evercore. Please go ahead.
CJ Muse: Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess wanted to dig a little into your EBITDA margin guide. It would suggest that either gross margins are flat, which would not seem likely given the fall off in wireless or optics is moving higher. Can you kind of walk through the moving parts there? And as part of that, can you help us understand how to model gross margins and OpEx through the remainder of the fiscal year? Thank you.
Kirsten Spears: So in Q1, we said that from year-over-year, gross margins were up 30 basis points and thats largely because of wireless. So when you look at Q2, we will have less wireless revenues in the margin mix. And so therefore, look back at Q4, thats how I would model Q2. And then as you look at margins for the rest of the year, it would be similar to Q2. Look back at Q4 and then consider the fact that we will have probably more normal seasonality on wireless towards the second half.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hey, thank you. Hey, guys, congratulations. Solid numbers. Hock, I had a question for you. Im trying to wrap my head around some stunning numbers you threw out for networking, 80% increase in bookings, some 62% odd sequential increase. I appreciate the process of identifying real demand. So with that, is there something going on in bookings that is specific to your end markets or your product set that is driving it? Could you just highlight what is going on there?
Hock Tan: Yes, great question. And Ive been dancing around and saying it in nice words. Let me call it directly. People need our products, each of our products. And in particular, whether its broadband or networking, our customers, our end-user customers truly need the products. I mean theyre in the business. Theyre in the business of launching more broadband, improving their networks. And all the cloud guys have to scale out data centers because there's more demand -- hosting a demand from public cloud in this work from home environment of social media and also online retail and everything else. So we need to buy those products of ours, whether its the current generation, which we have, that work of soon to be the next generation. So if we stretch our lead time to an extended basis, the thinking in their mind is these are non-cancelable orders. Do I still need it 6 months, 9 months from now? They need it, they place an order. Otherwise, they have a gap in being able to scale out capacity or scale out launches. They will do that. Its a real test of how strong our product franchise is and how mission critical it is to our end users. And so -- so as we stretch out our lead time, where it goes from 3 months to 6 months to 8 months, they just book what they need 8 months out or first 3 months out first and 6 months out, then 8 months out. And you only do that if you truly believe you need that products to enable your business. And what Im trying to say is, it is nothing more fundamental than why we are seeing as we stretch out lead time because we match it against our ability to get those products out, is a great way to indicate whether our products are needed. And they dont need it now as much as the book -- as people might seem to indicate. They may need it 3, 6 months from now, but they are willing to lock in and say they need it so that we can manage our supply chain to get them those products, which is why Im also saying the management of our supply chain to match demand. Its not that extreme and simple as may be made out there that you hear around. Its all about being able to tell your customers and get your customers to behave in a rational manner and for us, to manage it in a rational manner. I mean, if I ship, I have my entire backlog today, assuming I can even do that, of course, they will take it because they are all in the pending mode. But if on the other side, they know they can get it when they need it 6 months from now, theyre happy to wait until then. Meanwhile, they book it ahead of time because thats one I need to reserve my capacity. And thats the perspective I only give to you guys. It is what it is. This is not a panic mode. This is a very structured and reasonable process, which we believe at the end of it all, still shows real underlying demand and the way we want to report it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Ms. Yoo for closing remarks.
Ji Yoo: Thank you, operator. In closing, please note that Broadcom and Morgan Stanley will be hosting a presentation on our broadband business on Monday, April 12 after market close. Hock will be joined by Rich Nelson and Greg Fisher, General Managers of our broadband businesses. That will conclude our earnings call today. Thank you all for joining. Operator, you may end the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-12-10 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc.'s Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I will like to turn the call over to Beatrice Russotto, Director of Investor Relations for Broadcom Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Beatrice Russotto: Thank you, Operator, and good afternoon everyone. Joining me on today's call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; as well as the senior leadership team as announced this afternoon, including Tom Krause, President, Infrastructure Software Group; Charlie Kawwas, Chief Operating Officer; and Kirsten Spears, Chief Financial Officer. Broadcom also distributed a press release and financial tables after the market closed, describing our financial performance for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's Web site at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our Web site at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments, Hock, Kirsten, and Tom will be providing details of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020 results, guidance for our first quarter, as well as commentary regarding the business environment. We'll take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Bea. Before I discuss our results, I do want to highlight the senior leadership appointments we just made around the same time this afternoon, which is all about ensuring continued growth and success of Broadcom, but first and foremost as you see here, I'm not going anywhere. I'm as committed and engaged as ever, but while you often see me and Tom, behind us we have a very strong bench that has gotten us to where we are today. So today, we are elevating some of this deep bench into critical positions that will strengthen our organization going forward. Tom, Charlie, and Kirsten are among the people who sustained the platform and make the phenomenal numbers I'm about to announce happen. And to showcase our deep bench of talent at Broadcom starting in fiscal year '21, we plan to organize a series of analyst days on the various businesses where you can hear from our respective general managers about their businesses. And to kick this off, the first will occur this January where Ram Velaga and Alexis Bjrlin will review our networking franchise. With this, let me now turn to our very strong fourth quarter results. We capped off fiscal 2020 with record quarterly revenue and profitability despite the ongoing pandemic and macroeconomic uncertainties. We delivered net revenue of $6.5 billion, above the midpoint of our guidance and up 11% sequentially, and up 12% year-on-year. Semiconductor Solutions revenue was $4.8 billion, increasing 6% year-on-year, and most notably representing a return to year-on-year revenue growth. Infrastructure Software revenue was $1.6 billion, up 36% year-on-year, which of course includes the contribution from Symantec. Let me now turn first to semiconductors. Networking, which represented approximately 35% of our Semiconductor Solution revenue in the quarter was up 17% year-on-year, driven by the continued strength in cloud datacenter spending as well as continued spending by telcos in upgrading Edge and core networks. Moving on to Q1, we expect this trend of double-digit percentage year-on-year revenue growth to continue even as we expect enterprise campus spending to continue to soften. Turning to broadband, which represented approximately 14% of Semiconductor Solutions in the quarter; that was up 22% year-on-year. Growth was driven by the work-from-home environment and the need among service providers as well as consumers to upgrade broadband connectivity too, as well as within the home. We experienced strong adoption of Wi-Fi 6 in next-generation access gateways in telcos and consumers. In fact, in this environment Wi-Fi, where we are very well positioned as a leader, has turned into a substantial and growing business for the company. Beyond Wi-Fi, we also experienced strong investment by service providers in GPON, that's fiber-to-the-home, and digital subscriber line copper, as well as cable modems among the cable operators. All these more than offset a decline in video. We expect low-to-mid teens percentage year-on-year revenue growth in broadband for Q1 as demand continued to remain strong. Moving on, wireless revenue, which represented approximately 31% of Semiconductor revenue in this quarter, was up 43% sequentially in Q4, with the launch of new generation flagship phone by our large North American OEM customer. Still, this was down 9% year on year given the one quarter delay in the ramp-up production of that program. Accordingly, we expect Q1 fiscal '21 to now be the peak quarter of this seasonal ramp, and revenue will come back extremely favorably with the same quarter a year ago, and we expect that to be up over 50% year-on-year. Turning to server storage connectivity that represented approximately 14% of Q4 Semiconductor revenue and was down 9% year-on-year, as expected, reflecting softness in enterprise demand. Turning to Q1, we expect revenue to continue to decline, and given a strong Q1 compare in fiscal '20, we expect this to be down double digits, even as much as perhaps 20%. Last, turning to industrial, which represented approximately 3% of Q4 Semiconductor Solution revenue, we're seeing demand recovery, especially out of China, and consolidated resales, and here we sell through distributors of course, were up 4% year-on-year. And we forecast such resales in Q1 to start to accelerate to mid teens year-on-year growth as the recovery in industrial and auto continues. So, in summary, our Semiconductor Solutions segment was up 6% year-on-year in Q4, driven primarily by the ramp in wireless as well as continued strength in networking and broadband. Forecasting Q1, we expect this ramp in wireless to peak and broadband and networking demand to remain strong. This will drive revenue in the Semiconductor segment to increase in Q1 by high-teens percentage year-on-year. Turning to software, let me reiterate our business model here. We focus, as we have said many times, only on the largest enterprise customers and seek to increase their adoption of our software products through a hybrid model, about 90% of which are recurring subscription revenue. We have stepped up investment in R&D, focused on just these core customers, and we are able to do that by spending much less on our go-to-market outside of our large core enterprise customers unlike obviously the other software companies who are chasing every last dollar of revenue, no matter how much it costs. So let me tell you -- with two years of CA under our belt, let me tell you how we have done. Revenue-wise, after two years integrating CA on to our platform, Q4 '20 revenue was up 5% year-on-year. For Symantec, if you exclude services and hardware, Q4 product revenue of $380 million was up 10% from Q1 fiscal '20, which was obviously our first quarter after the acquisition, but if we just look at revenue from a core account in CA, this was in fact up double digits, closer to 12% year-on-year driven by bookings, which have continued to grow double digits on an annualized basis. This growth in core accounts has obviously more than offset that plain decline in services and attrition of accounts outside our core enterprise customers. That's how we expect to sustain our core software business long-term, albeit at low-to-mid, single-digit percentage revenue growth, but we intend to drive to a financial outcome that is consistent with the Broadcom model. You'll hear more on that from Kirsten when she talks about our financial model. So, looking ahead to the next quarter on a year-on-year basis, we expect CA and Symantec software revenue to continue to grow in the mid-single digits. However, in Q1, fiscal '21, we expect Brocade to decline high-single digits, consistent with softness in enterprise markets resulting in our infrastructure software segment revenue to be flat to perhaps up low-single digits percentage year-over-year. In summary, we expand Q1 consolidated net revenue of $6.6 billion, up approximately 13% year-over-year, all derive organically. Today, we are in a unique situation. We started fiscal 2021 we've reacted backlog that has now grown to over $14 billion today. But the timing of this conversion of backlog to revenue won't be driven by a supply chain, which continues to be tight. Finally, I wanted to take the opportunity here to thank our team for their work in fiscal 2020. This has undoubtedly been a challenging year and through it all, all of our employees have demonstrated unwavering focus and resilience. Because of their hard work, our mission-critical technologies have never been more relevant than they are today. And with that, let me turn you over to Kirsten.
Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. By way of background, while I've been a part of Broadcom for more than six years, my history and accounting and reporting roles for legacy companies of AVGO and LSI dates back over 20 years, I'm proud of the strong financial organization that Broadcom has built, and I look forward to working together. I know Hock just gave you the details on revenue, which I'll recap before moving down the P&L to discuss our fourth quarter performance, which clearly demonstrates our strong foundations for future growth. Consolidated net revenue for the fourth quarter was $6.5 billion, a 12% increase from a year ago. Semiconductor solutions revenue was $4.8 billion and represented 75% of our total revenue this quarter. This was up 6% year-on-year. Revenue for the Infrastructure Software segment was $1.6 billion and represented 25% of revenue. This was up 36% year-on-year, given the inclusion of Symantec. Continuing down the P&L, gross margins were 74% of revenue in the quarter up approximately 370 basis points year-on-year. The expansion and gross margin year-on-year was driven by favorable product mix and semiconductors and a higher percentage of software revenue. Operating expenses were $1.1 billion, up 10% year-on-year due primarily to the addition of Symantec. Operating income from continuing operations was $3.6 billion, and represented, 56% of revenue. Operating margins were up approximately 400 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.8 billion, and represented 59% of revenue. This figure excludes $139 million of depreciation. Gross margins for our Semiconductor Solutions segment were approximately 68% in Q4 of 320 basis points year-over-year, driven by an approved product mix. This mix included more networking products and less wireless. As you know, wireless carries around 10 points less margin on product profitability than the rest of our semiconductor portfolio. Operating expenses were $777 million in Q4 or 16% of Semiconductor Solutions revenue, compared to $727 million in the prior-year period as we continue to invest in our business. R&D cost as a percentage of revenue for Q4 was approximately 14% and SG&A as a percentage of revenue was 2%. Operating margins for our Semiconductor Solutions segment was 52% in Q4 up 290 basis points year-on-year, all told in Semiconductor Solutions, revenue was up 6% and operating profit grew 12%. Gross margins for our Infrastructure Software segment were 90% in Q4 up 130 basis points year-over-year. Cost of revenue primarily includes cost of product support, hosting for our SaaS products, professional services, and hardware. Operating expenses were $338 million in Q4 or 21% of Infrastructure Software revenue, compared to $290 million or 24% of revenue in the prior-year period as we generate scale through the acquisition of Symantec. R&D cost as a percentage of revenue for Q4 was approximately 12% and SG&A as a percentage of Infrastructure Software revenue was 9%. Operating margin was 69% in Q4 up 480 basis points year-over-year. Our operating margins reflect our model, which is about focusing on the largest enterprise customers and increasing our share of their wallet in terms of our software portfolio. Given this model, we're able to focus our R&D investments on a strategic group of customers, and by doing so reduce costs primarily on go-to-market. This is how we get to operating margins of about 69%, which we believe we can sustain. Looking at cash flow, we had quarterly free cash flow of $3.2 billion representing 50% of revenue. This is up 36% year-on-year as we managed our working capital more tightly during this pandemic. Moving on to capital allocation for Q4, we paid our common stockholders $1.3 billion of cash dividends. We also paid $185 million in withholding taxes due on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the elimination of approximately 500,000 AVGO shares. We ended the quarter with 407 million outstanding common shares and 451 million diluted shares. Note that we expect the diluted share count to be 450 million in Q1. On the financing and balance sheet front, we reduced total debt by $3 billion in the quarter. All told, we ended the quarter with $7.6 billion of cash and currently have $12.6 billion of liquidity including our $5 billion revolver. We ended the quarter with $41.1 billion of total debt of which approximately $800 million is short-term. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Krause: Thank you, Kirsten. Let me now recap our financial performance for fiscal year 2020. Our revenue hit a new record of $23.9 billion growing 6% year-on-year. Semiconductor Solutions revenue was $17.3 billion down 1% year-over-year. Infrastructure Software revenue was $6.6 billion which included $1.5 billion from Brocade which was down 17% year-on-year, $3.5 billion from CA which was up 4% year-on-year and addition of Symantec which is $1.6 billion. Gross margin for the year was a record high of 73.5% up from 71% a year-ago. The addition of Symantec as well as a beneficial mix in semiconductor product sales drove the gross margin expansion. Additionally, operating expenses were $4.6 billion, which included the addition of Symantec. Operating income from continuing operations was $12.9 billion, up 8% year-over-year and represented 54% of net revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $13.6 billion up 8% year-over-year and represented 57% of net revenue. This figure excludes $570 million in depreciation. We accrued $644 million of restructuring integration expenses and made $583 million of cash restructuring integration payments in fiscal 2020. We spent $463 million on capital expenditures and free cash flow represented 49% of revenue, or $11.6 billion. Free cash flow grew 25% year-over-year. Now on the capital allocation; for the year, we returned $6 billion to our common stockholders, consisting of $5.2 billion in the form of cash dividends and $800 million for the elimination of 2.6 million AVGO shares. We also paid $299 million in dividends to our preferred stockholders. I would also note, through the refinancing and liability management activities we've undertaken this year, our weighted average debt maturity is now approximately six years, with a weighted average interest rate of approximately 3.5%. Looking ahead to fiscal 2021, we remain committed to returning approximately 50% of our prior year normalized free cash flow to stockholders in form of cash dividends. With that, on the dividend, based on approximately $12 billion of free cash flow in fiscal year 2020, we are increasing our target quarterly common stock cash dividend starting this quarter, to $3.60 per share. This constitutes an increase of 11%, and assumes a basic outstanding share count of 413 million shares at the end of fiscal 2021. We plan to maintain this dividend payout throughout this year subject to quarterly Board approval. Consistent with our capital allocation policy we'll reassess the dividend this time next year based on our fiscal '21 free cash flow result. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Be.
Beatrice Russotto: Thank you, Tom. At this time, we'll open the call for questions. We have Hock, Tom, Kirsten, and Charlie available to answer any questions. So, operator, please go ahead and kick us off.
Operator: Thank you so much. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thank you. A question for Hock, I think on the call a year ago, you talked about an increase in R&D investment, and there was areas in cloud, photonics, I think wireless infrastructure. So just wanted to get an update on how that's progressing, and the visibility into revenue from that R&D investment?
Hock Tan: Okay. That's a very good question. And the investment, we -- the cadence of the investment we're doing continues in areas that we see as very strategic in various businesses, and you've seen some of that coming out as we continue to do so. For instance, last week, we announced the introduction and ramp -- an introduction and availability of the -- our 800 gig platform for switching, routing, interconnect and the basic size re-timers [ph], and all that that goes hand in hand with it. So, all of our launching 800 gig platform, and that comes in the form of our new product, Tomahawk 4, and it's pretty interesting that we're launching it now because our previous generation, which is at 400 gigs platform, Tomahawk 3, which we introduced over a year ago or close to a year-and-a-half ago, is just starting to ramp into a larger market. And we are already launching an 800 gig. So the speed -- the regularity and the speed at which we are pushing this product is definitely something we intend to keep where we're coming out with a newer generation that is probably 2x throughput capacity at a regularity of 18 months to two years on a consistent basis, because that's what our hyper cloud customers want. And it makes sense because we need to scale up datacenters as CPUs start to hit the limitation of Moore's law, and that's one example. As part of that, as we indicated a year ago, were stepping our investment in areas of silicon photonics, basically to enable interconnects at very high throughput, at very high bandwidth. And that's been going very, very well. It's a multi-year investment, and as we indicated and from the last time we talked about, we are now only on the second year, but we expect to have something that will be out to the marketplace within a generation or two of our platforms in switching and routing, and that's on that aspect of it. In terms of further investments, we have pushed back our investment, as I indicated in my report, on Wi-Fi, on connectivity of basically 802.11ax now, and we launched that platform two years ago and very successful. And we are already working on another -- we have invested a lot on the next-generation Wi-Fi 7 successor to this Wi-Fi 6. In between, we're putting out six gigahertz Wi-Fi, that's Wi-Fi 6E, which is the spectral bandwidth recently was approved by the FCC not that long ago, and we already have our first product certified by the FCC recently. We are the first out there. So we intend to be in the lead, for instance, in this wireless connectivity, which by the way today, as I indicated, represents a very substantial and growing part of our business. And it is a testimonial -- level of investment and success we have gotten in this area. And so these are some of the things that we have, and most of these investments are multiyear, but you do start to see some of the benefits, some of the products, some of the launches, some of the revenues starting to come in with this level of investments we are making in here.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and good luck to Tom, and Kirsten, and Charlie in your new roles. Hock, the question is for you on supply constraints, that several of your peers in semiconductors had mentioned whether it's in substrates or wafers or foundry capacity. I'm curious, where does Broadcom stand on this? Is supply a factor in your reported results or your Q1 outlook or something that you think can constrain the growth in fiscal '21? Just what steps are you taking to make sure it doesn't constrain growth, and also, on the other side, make sure customers are not double ordering because of all these supply issues? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Well, interesting question. We reported on -- by the way, we reported on the supply constraint at least three months ago when we did our earnings call. In fact, probably even earlier than that, we have said -- probably even two quarters ago, we have seen that supply constraint. And we were one of the first to report on it. And that supply constraint continues from when we first touched on it six months ago, and in some area it just seems to revolve in different specific areas whether we talk about wafers then. Since then people will, as you correctly pointed out, and we hear in the news, substrate is a consideration. And believe me, beyond that wire bonding is even a possible constraint depending on whether, like more and more automotive legacy products come in. So we operate in an environment, and I mentioned in my remarks, that is fairly unique. Here, we are in the middle of a pandemic, here we are where there are winners and losers even in the product lines, even in the industry we're in, where there are some businesses where demand is just booming, and we touched on that in networking, in broadband, and some areas particularly in enterprise where they're not strong, but what we also see is a capacity from supply chain that is tight, that's what we are doing. And we have seen that for months, and we have taken a lot of actions to address it, and we continue to do that. We're also one of the largest consumer of those third-party manufacturers in semiconductors out there, be they wafers, be they substrates, be they backend assembly or test capacity, we are all in there and we've been seeing it for six months. So best answer is we're managing that. We have -- having said that, we have the backlog in place, and we have also -- very early on in our fiscal '20 stretch out our supply chain, not only based on what we've seen, but based on what we anticipate happening, and that has also enabled us to be able to in a more orderly manner and what I consider in a more appropriate manner put products in the hands of end users who need it at appropriate times, we've done that very well. And having said all that, even as we do it our backlog continues to grow. To give you a sense, I mentioned we have over 14 billion of backlog today. When we started the quarter our backlog, and we're shipping in between since then, beginning of the quarter, our backlog was 12. So it's accelerating. But having said that, please don't get carried away in the other aspect. As you know, wireless business that we have is seasonal, so we are seeing obviously our wireless is a significant part of our total backlog, but given the seasonality of it we obviously have seen deceleration in the order -- in the bookings that are coming in from our wireless business. But we are seeing on the other side acceleration and continued strength in orders coming in from the other parts of our business. Networking has always remained strong; broadband continues to be very strong. And now we start to seeing on the smaller part of our business, industrial coming in very, very strong. So one side is offsetting the other, and we continue to see this strong backlog, which in a way makes our planning in our supply chain easier, but in some ways poses other challenges of making sure we are delivering products to the right consumer, our customers at the right time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Harlan Sur with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Great job on the quarterly execution, and congratulations to all on the executive appointments. Hock, we're still at the very start of the 400 gig networking upgrade cycle with your hyperscale customers. It seems like teloc service providers are also starting to adopt the whitebox switching and routing model, which is good for your Tomahawk and Jericho chipsets, and then you guys are also benefiting from the optical connectivity that goes along with your switching solutions. Beyond this quarter, do you see sustainability of the networking upgrade and spending cycle through next year? And then given the wafer and substrate constraints, are your lead times in networking expanding beyond six months now?
Hock Tan: Very good question, Harlan, and thank you for your kind words. To answer the first part, yes, we are -- our new product generation in 400G platform, as I mentioned earlier, is starting to ramp up in a big way this coming -- this fiscal '21. Started in '20 with a couple large hyperscale customers, and it's ramping up with many more fiscal '21, and I'm sure it goes on to '22. And we do not see a slowdown in the demand. And you're correct, service provider and operators are also adopting this merchant silicon in their routing platforms, on their networks, as I mentioned, particularly in call as well as Edge. And we're seeing extreme -- very, very good demand and success, as evidenced by the backlog and orders we're getting from service providers, and not just hyper cloud, particularly service providers on our merchant silicon Jericho family. So, that's good. And so I see that continuing? Probably, as far as can see, '21, we have -- our lead times go -- is not beyond six months to answer your question. So -- and just to add a further thought, we have a policy in this company that we adhere to very, very strictly further both because of financial and governance, any orders placed on us do not -- we do not allow to be cancelled. All our customers know that, all our partner know that. So we are actually seeing real demand out there at least six months, and that brings us pretty close to that second or that brings us in fact to the second-half of fiscal '21 at that point, and I guess as many of you will know just in time for the beginning of a seasonal rim of the next generation wireless products. So, our '21 visibility appears to be remarkably better than we usually have at this point in the beginning of a fiscal year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I had a question on the wireless trajectory. Last quarter, just given the change in seasonality you had given us a little bit of color -- actually on this quarter you said it would probably still grow sequentially. How should we think about the seasonality into -- I guess is it the May quarter off February? Just especially given there seem to have been a push out. It looks like wireless in Q4 was actually came in a little lower than you had expected, and it sounds like some of that's pushing into Q1. So can you, I guess given those dynamics and given that the seasonal peak in Q1, can you give us some idea similar to what you did last quarter on what to expect for the wireless trajectory into fiscal Q2?
Hock Tan: Well, that's a tough question, and to begin with, we generally don't talk much about Q2. Though, I did give you guidance on indication based on backlog we sitting today, why it's unlikely to flow, but I mean, it's -- you're right. I mean, we have this $14 billion of backlog, which continues to grow and substantially most of it, a lot of it will be feel good think you want in Q2 to begin with and a bigger picture, but in the way you asked in the respect of wireless, you're correct also in pointing out when we do year-on-year comparisons now, it's interesting because the Q4 fiscal '20, the quarter we just finished and reporting on becomes the first quarterly ramp of our wireless business, and it compares to Q4 fiscal '19, which in typical cycles in the past is sheet the peak quarter of revenue seasonally for a while as business. So you're comparing an initial ramp against a peak quarter, and that's down, as I indicated at 9% year-on-year. The quick ramp now for this current generation of phones in our wireless business will be out Q1 the quarter we're in now. And that compares to the Q1 of fiscal '20 now, which is pulse peak bread of the last generation. And which is why I also indicate that we're likely to see a -- not a fit around the 50% year-on-year, step up in our wireless revenue. Now you go on to Q2 and I think people probably things get back to a more normalcy and that's always expect wireless to demonstrate seasonality as probably the bottom quarter of an annual cycle.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon, Hock. Glad to see that you're sticking around. I guess I want to ask some of the questions around the management change and specifically Tom's new position. I'm just kind of curious, what that might mean for the software infrastructure business longer term, and whether or not there is any sort of plan to potentially actually spin that business out. And I asked the question because clearly when you look at the core IP you have in your Silicon business around IO around acceleration and how important those IP blocks are, when you look at the sum of the part valuation of overall Broadcom, it just looks dirt cheap. You've doubled the operating margins in the software businesses since you acquired those companies and you've got great franchises in Silicon, and you're trading at a big discount. Is there a belief that perhaps the best way to get value longer term for these businesses might be a spin, and is that part of the rationale behind Tom's new position?
Hock Tan: Oh, no, no. I love the thing you speculate so vividly here, but -- no, there is no plan. I think it's just that the software business especially go-to-market is a very interesting play for this company because Broadcom as a whole, and you look at us, we're around $20 billion, $25 billion roughly give or take a few billion in revenues, each one year. We're technology company of various out there technology suppliers, to an ecosystem and by that I mean, an ecosystem that addresses end-users albeit hypercloud, albeit service providers, albeit basic large where we tend to focus large enterprises out there, like the banks, insurance company, travel agency, whatever the end-user, we look at this as our eventual end-use customers, that's our ecosystem and as deepen our ecosystem, we have partners with the OEMs. Some distributors, but largely our key partners are on the OEM. And these are partners. These are in a way, important partners that we often sell our products with and through we look at it that way. So when you look at it that way, and new software, infrastructure software, it's no different than the silicon solutions, hardware and software tied to it, we sell out there. It's just that we tend to sell silicon software through partners, partners who wrap it in a system and go to end-users versus Infrastructure Software where we tend to go direct, though not all the time. Sometimes we go with MS, GSM service providers, like IBM GTS or VXC that tells the truth, but ultimately both end users who uses our software. And we look at ecosystem that way. It makes total logical sense that we have a unified platform that does everything across. So at the end of the day, we're still fulfilling to the same end-users, whether they're semiconductor hardware solutions with a software developers kit SDK or other operating system or straight infrastructure software, some with appliances so I could add. And so to us, long-term is very logical state to get.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore: Hi, thanks for letting me ask the question and congrats to all the senior appointments. I guess this one could be for Hock, Tom or Kirsten, I want to talk about the capital allocation side versus a year-ago, you de-lever the balance sheet, pushed out the maturities locked in some good rates. So that doesn't seem to be an issue there. You're comfortable enough to raise your dividend significantly. So I wanted to hear what your thoughts are especially given the pandemics and what's going on with the backlog being as large as it is, as far as how are you thinking about the other half of your capital, any sort of update given the environment? Or is it as simple as you're just going to focus on either giving it back with shareholder returns via buybacks or do a deal?
Tom Krause: Hey Ross, it's Tom, I'll take that one. I think it's very much back to business as usual. I think obviously 2020 we got into crisis mode earlier in the year. I think we focused a lot on pushing out maturities, we padded the balance sheet from a liquidity standpoint, which we continue to do. And, the markets were very favorable. And we'll do all that. I think obviously, business also came back and performed quite well and as Hock has talked about, we've got a decent amount of visibility in the first-half, and we'll see what happens in the second-half. But it seems like this year is set up for a reasonable amount of success. And so I think with that in mind, we're comfortable with our investment grade credit ratings, we have de-levered we paid down $3 billion of debt in Q4. We're upping the dividend, as you mentioned, sticking to the policy of giving back about 50% of free cash flow. So that's going to leave us with some excess cash. And we always look at it as what are the right relative returns, and what's best for shareholders. And that usually means buying back stock or doing M&A. And I think we'll certainly look at doing both. We're biased toward acquisitions historically, I think we'll continue to be so as long as we can find the right targets and generate the right returns consistent with our business model. So I'd really say business is usual.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, I guess I wanted to follow-on John's question. So, in addition to the Management changes, you're pretty much giving us a full segment P&L, which you've never done before. So I guess the question is why now? Is there some investor feedback on maybe that the segmentation will drive a better multiple? I mean, for sure the stock is very inexpensive, and it seems like some of the parts would be a better way to value it, but is there some feedback that's giving you driving you to sort of break out segment P&L? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Tim, you answered your own question perfectly. Yes, we're doing it because we feel that we should give more disclosures, more specifics of our various businesses, as you noticed, in addition to giving full P&L, almost full P&L to the extent there is because there's also some amount of allocation, but we tried to be very representative of our two large -- of our two segments, Semiconductors and Infrastructure Software. You'll notice that within it, especially in Semiconductors, we give you a lot more color and break down on what drives, which are the particular end-market applications in semiconductors, and the behavior and the dynamics in each of those verticals. And something we understand we have been perhaps more lacking in the past which we try to remedy now by giving you guys much more details. And it's also in this particular environment, it is very, very important, I think we give it because I cannot say that all cylinders are firing like crazy because as you all know, we all know, they're not in this environment we have some cylinder, and as we indicated very loudly, that some areas where it's performing very, very well and is performing very well, very well, I should quickly hasten to add, not because we're super good in it, which we are, but we're also super good in the other areas that are not performing as well also. It's just the economy is the macro economy, the demand and unusual situation we're all in and so we found it is appropriate to give you guys more specifics, what's driving the overall revenue, and what has changed and because as I also indicated in my last earnings call, when we began this year, we had a certain set of expectations, which had dramatically changed now that we finished the year. I have expected Semiconductors as an industry to recover from downturns of 2019, obviously and that 2020 will be a slow steady recovery, accelerating into the back-end. What we didn't expect is in actual numbers, it did recover. But not everything recovered. And in a sense is a response to the requirement, the situation of a pandemic and work from home environment. And so we see those businesses that are doing it doing superbly. And to really explain it, we felt we had to give you more disclosures and which we are and we start giving this disclosure if you go all the way and show you where even how the segment, the two broad segment P&L look like. And one of the other things we want to also demonstrate to you guys loud and clear is that we have a business model in mind, investment thesis when we go and buy this specific software companies, some of which may not be in favor when we bought them, but what we're looking at as we looked at Semiconductors is that these are very sustainable franchises, which with the right approach, with the right model and the right focus, which we liked being what we described to you is the approach we're taking that we can make them into real sustainable franchises, and generate the kind of cash and profit returns that we're demonstrating to you today, and that those are sustainable.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question today will come from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Hi guys, thank you so much for squeezing me in. I had a follow-up question for Tom. Now that you'll be leading the software business going forward, where are the one or two top priorities for you in running that business? And a clarification question, I think, Hock, in your prepared remarks you talked about the long-term growth rate in your software business being in the low-to-mid single digits, is that organic number or does that include M&A? And then, on M&A, Tom, if you can speak to the pipeline and software and your thoughts on valuation today, that would be helpful. Thank you so much.
Tom Krause: Toshiya, it's so many questions. I can barely remember the first one, but -- look, I'm excited, I think we've got a great team bringing together the go-to-market and the business units under one umbrella, I think will allow us to scale, continue to grow, which we've been doing. We've had some early success, but we've got a lot to learn, and so, I think this position us well, and I'm looking forward to it. Beyond that, we'll take all the other follow-up questions on the callback call, but thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Ms. Beatrice Russotto for any closing remarks.
Beatrice Russotto: Thank you, Operator. So, in closing, we did want to note that we'll be kicking off the presentations by our general managers at the J.P. Morgan Tech's Forum on Tuesday, January 12. Hock will be joined by Ram Velaga and Alexis Bjrlin from our Networking Division to present at that event. So, thank you. That will conclude our earnings call today. And Operator, you may end the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-09-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Beatrice Russotto, Director of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc. Please go ahead.
Beatrice Russotto: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on todays call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tom Krause, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom. After the market closed, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the third quarter of fiscal year 2020. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcoms website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments, Hock and Tom will be providing details of our third quarter fiscal year 2020 results, guidance for our fourth quarter, as well as commentary regarding the business environment. Well take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. So with that, Ill now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Bea, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I have to say that the strength of our broad and diversified portfolio of leadership technology franchises led to record third quarter revenue for Broadcom, despite these uncertain times, we continue to operate in. We remain well-positioned to address the work-from-home environment, especially with many of our networking and broadband products in the cloud and telcos. In addition, we expect to soon start from benefiting from the transition to 5G and new product ramps later this year. While there continues to be ebb and flow in the part of our business linked to enterprise, this is somewhat offset by the highly recurring revenue of our infrastructure software divisions. So, as a result, we remain confident in the strategy we have laid out over the past several years, delivering sustainable revenue and significant cash flow margins, while remaining focused on total shareholder return. Let me now provide further detail on our third quarter results. We delivered net revenue of $5.8 billion, above the midpoint of our guidance and up 1% sequentially, and up 6% year-on-year. Semiconductor solutions revenue was $4.2 billion, declining 4% year-on-year. Infrastructure software revenue was $1.6 billion, up 41% year-on-year, which of course does include the contribution from Symantec in 2020. Starting with semiconductors. Our semiconductor solutions segment was up 5% sequentially, driven by continued strength in networking and broadband. Networking was up 9% sequentially due to continued healthy demand from our cloud customers as we began to ramp for next generation Tomahawk 3 and Trident 3 switch products. Routing demand also remained strong as telcos launch our Jericho 2 in the edge and core networks. We expect the strength in networking that we have experienced since the beginning of this fiscal year to sustain in Q4 with continued demand from cloud and telcos driving solid sequential growth. Turning to broadband which was up 7% sequentially in Q3. We continue to see strong demand for the next generation cable modems -- cable DOCSIS 3.1, which was partially offset by a decline in the satellite set-top boxes. We also continued to see strong adoption of Wi-Fi 6 in next generation access gateways in telcos and consumers, and even in large enterprises. Telecom and consumer have been particularly strong, driven by work-from-home environment. But, after a strong Q3, we expect the strength in broadband revenue to take a pause and come down on a sequential basis by approximately 10% in Q4. Keep in mind, however, this will still be up 20% on a year-on-year basis. Moving on, wireless was down 4% sequentially in Q3 due to the expected typical ramp being pushed out this year. This is expected to result in a significant uplift, however, in wireless revenue of approximately 50% sequentially in Q4. Despite this significant sequential ramp and a significant increase in our RF content, we expect revenue to be roughly flat year-on-year in Q4. Now, this is due to fewer units of our parts for the next generation phone being shipped in the fourth quarter this year, relative to last year, due to this product delay. That being said, we currently expect Q1 revenue in wireless to be up sequentially from Q4 with an increase in expected unit shipments of our parts for the next generation phone compared to Q1 last year. In other words, the launch ramp this year is expected to complete only in Q1 whereas it has normally been completed in Q4 of previous years. In server storage connectivity, where the majority of the revenue is tied to enterprise, Q3 was up 10% sequentially. However, expected softness in enterprise demand will likely result in server storage revenue declining in high single digits quarter-over-quarter in Q4. Turning last to industrial, [resales] [ph] and revenues were both down 3% sequentially in Q3. In Q4, we expect [resales] [ph] to continue to hold on. However, we are taking the opportunity to further reduce our channel inventory significantly. And as a result, we expect industrial revenue to be down double-digit quarter-over-quarter in Q4. So, in summary, our semiconductor solutions segment was up 5% sequentially in Q3. And given the continuing surge of demand in networking and expected 5G phone ramp in wireless, we expected a mid-teens percentage sequential increase in our fourth fiscal quarter. We should know, on a year-on-year basis, Q4 will mark a return to growth for semiconductor segment overall, which we think is a key inflection point for Broadcom and which we expect to sustain into Q1. Now, turning to software. CA was up 6% year-on-year, flat sequentially. Bookings at our core accounts continued to grow double-digit year-on-year and has offset the expected reduction in the services business. Symantec was flat sequentially and contributed over $400 million in the quarter. Similar to CA, bookings in our Symantec core accounts are growing, offsetting the transition out of the smaller commercial accounts as we continue to rationalize the business. Brocade was up 3% year-over-year, and as expected, was down significantly, sequentially. Looking ahead to next quarter on a sequential basis, we expect revenues from CA to sustain and expect Symantec revenue to be up 4%. We anticipate Brocade revenue to be relatively flat on a sequential basis. And as a result, revenue from the software segment is expected to be up by low-single-digit percentage sequentially in the fourth quarter. So, in summary, we expect our fourth quarter net revenue to be $6.4 billion, up 10% sequentially from Q3. This reflects an approximate mid-teens percentage sequential projected revenue increase in the semiconductor solutions side and a low-single-digit percentage sequential revenue increase in infrastructure software. With that, Ill turn it over to Tom.
Tom Krause: Thank you, Hock. Let me provide some additional detail on our financial performance. First, on the P&L, gross margins were a record 74% of revenue in the quarter and up approximately 110 basis points from Q2 and up approximately 220 basis points year-on-year. The year-on-year increase in software as a percentage of our overall revenues was the large part of the increase. Operating income from continuing operations was $3.2 billion and represented 55% of net revenue. Operating margins were up approximately 180 basis points quarter-over-quarter and year-on-year, primarily due to a decrease in operating expenses and better gross margin due to mix. Operating expenses were $1.1 billion, which was down $25 million compared to Q2. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.3 billion and represented 57% of net revenue. This figure excludes $138 million of depreciation. Looking at cash flow, we had record quarterly free cash flow of $3.1 billion, representing 53% of revenue. This is up a little more than 33% year-on-year. Turning to capital allocation, in the quarter, we paid our common stockholders $1.3 billion of cash dividends. We also paid $192 million in withholding taxes due on vesting employee equity, resulting in elimination of approximately 700,000 AVGO shares. We ended the quarter with 404 million outstanding common shares and 451 million fully diluted shares. Note that we expect the fully diluted share count to stay at 451 million in Q4. On the financing and balance sheet front, we reduced total debt by $1.9 billion in the quarter. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we executed an $8 billion bond refinancing and $3.9 billion exchange offering. Through the refinancing and liability management activities weve undertaken this year, weve been able to push out our weighted average debt maturity to approximately six years and reduce our weighted average interest rate to approximately 3%. All told, we ended the quarter with $8.9 billion of cash and currently have $13.9 billion of liquidity, including our $5 billion revolver. We ended the quarter with $44 billion of total debt, of which approximately $800 million is short-term. Finally, given our strong free cash flow generation and as we look to further deleverage the balance sheet, we plan to pay down an additional $3 billion of debt in our fiscal fourth quarter. That concludes my prepared remarks. During the Q&A portion of todays call, please limit yourselves to one question each, so we can accommodate as many analysts as possible. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is Vivek Arya of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks very much. Actually, just a quick clarification and a question. Clarification, I just wanted to make sure your outlook kind of excludes or reflects if there are any restrictions on shipment to any Chinese customers. And then, Hock, my real question is on 5G. You give us very good color on the near-term trends. What we have seen in the first market for 5G, which is China is the transition happened very quickly? The majority of phones there are now 5G. Do you see that to be the case for your exposure also, and that bigger percentage of the phones youre shipping into can be 5G, so you see the content benefits faster than you might have talked before? Thank you.
Hock Tan: By the way, to answer first question, our current outlook covers all aspects, including what you indicated with regard to export restrictions and everything else. All those are comprehended. And as such, as regards to 5G, we see the -- to be honest, we dont know. Now, if were talking about devices, phones, thats an interesting question. Its very consumer driven. And right now, to be honest about this, we dont know how fast the ramp on 5G will occur. Understanding what you said about China and understanding how operators might push to make that happen in terms of incentives, where we stand at this point, we are seeing the demand more coming from our OEM -- key strategic OEM customers. And what we reflect is the demand that has been shared with us from our OEM customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for all the detail on the end markets on the semiconductor side. Hock, I wanted to dive a little bit into the networking portion where you said the cloud side and the telecom side is strong. There has been some fear in the end market as a whole that were potentially entering a digestion phase from the cloud side of that equation. And then, very recently, one of your pseudo competitors talked about some service provider lull in demand there as well. It doesnt seem like youre seeing that. Is the end market different in your view? Is it weakening or not, or are you just overcoming that with company-specific new product launches and ramps?
Hock Tan: There is clearly -- were clearly being helped by the fact that quite a few new programs, new products, next generation products, I should say, are being launched. And these are leadership products, as Ive always indicated. So, in that sense, we stand in a fairly unique position of being able to [harness] [ph] or garner a lot of the share in that business. But based on what were seeing, were not seeing any weakness in the cloud, nor in the telcos. We are in fact seeing continued sustained demand for the products of our networking product in this sector.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, Hock. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Hock, for obvious reasons, investors focus a lot of attention on the wireless handset cycle and your content growth there. Im wondering if you could spend just a few minutes talking about the Wi-Fi 6 uptake. You clearly, in your prepared comments, said that thats being a strong tailwind right now. Help us understand what inning of that upgrade cycle you think were in? How does your content look as we go to Wi-Fi 6? And do you think that this work-from-home phenomenon has put enough attention on the consumer that theres a big installed base upgrade cycle coming or not? How would you help us characterize that?
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, again, thats a very interesting question on Wi-Fi 6, because with regard to Wi-Fi, thats the key franchise we invest a lot of resources into, [as the consumer] [ph] investing considerable dollars, R&D dollars in this phase, thus were in it on two areas. As you probably know, we supply Wi-Fi, the latest leadership products in flagship phones, particularly in our strategic North American OEM. We provide all those Wi-Fi, Bluetooth combo chips, which provides the latest features in those. And thats one area where we have a strong leadership position. We also have a very strong leadership position in Wi-Fi 6 and the current 802.11ax generation and access -- what I mentioned access gateways. Basically, its almost like home infrastructure, connectivity in the homes, connectivity in the offices -- enterprises and offices, and connectivity thats provided now as service providers and telcos bring signals, bring basically -- bring data, video signals into house -- into your homes. And in this environment of work-from-home, we are seeing a strong surge of demand from telcos, service providers as they expand this Wi-Fi service as part of broadband to the homes. Because those combinations, whether it is cable, fiber or copper DSL very often terminates in Wi-Fi access gateways that allows the signals to be in the home. Also, we also think that many homes, many consumers are themselves upgrading what -- connectivity in their homes by going out and buying retail routers, as we all know it, Wi-Fi retail routers, the latest generation, which we are very well featured in for their own homes. And thats creating a very strong surge of demand of what I call broadband and what a lot of it comprises, Wi-Fi 6.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Hock, I wanted to ask about the ASIC business and the building blocks you have there. I know youve seen strong growth in compute offload. There was a story out last week, you might be working with Tesla on ASIC design. Can you just talk about the competitive you have for this technology, and importantly, how you allocate resources because Im sure there might be more opportunities in terms of how you allocate and what you commit to.
Hock Tan: The ASIC business is something weve been doing for many, many years. And weve got -- its gone through various evolutions. But in many ways we have gone from strength to strength simply because of the breadth of our portfolio of IP cores in silicon. Obviously ASIC is tied to silicon. We have a lot of it. We have lots of intellectual property capabilities, and weve been doing it for a long time. And Ill be honest, you make a lot more money, its a much more sustainable model running merchant silicon than in ASIC. Its a broader market. You create products that can be more innovative in many ways, because we include software with many of the merchant silicons, whether its our switch, whether its our broadband chips, Wi-Fi chips, we provide SDK, we provide interface, software-driven makes it programmable. All that gives it flexibility. ASIC is still a very core part of our business, and we do very well by it. Its a business though we see that has certain limitations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon of Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: I wanted to ask about lead times. I know youve talked a lot about supply constraints last quarter and constraints that were potentially extending into the second half. Can you give us some feeling of where your lead times were maybe entering the quarter and now where they stand exiting the quarter, have they come in, and whats the state of that -- of those supply constrains that weve talked about previously?
Hock Tan: Good question, and especially following up from our last earnings call three months ago, in the midst of COVID-19 situation at that time, as we are still by the way. But, as you know, pre-COVID-19, as we got into fiscal 20 and the semiconductor industry started to improve, we have indicated and you all have heard, there were certain constraints, supply chain constraints, particularly in regard to wafers, but especially leading edge wafers leading most advanced node, leading edge wafers and even then substrates, particular substrates that needed to package semiconductors. COVID-19 shows up, just creates a layer of complexity on supply chain. And the reason was, as we indicated three months ago, depending on where your outsource factory -- or where factories are, especially in Asia -- part of Asia, the same situation of lockdowns, operating under capacity and we faced that. We faced that for several months. Now, that has normalized someone in terms of the back end, where we have 10 [ph] assembly factories that are locked -- that were locked down or running below capacity, most of that has been resolved. Having said that, the constrain on -- supply chain constrain on wafers and substrates continues, and thats what we still face today. And so, to be honest, our lead times are still very extended, based on the technology nodes and the particular products that we produce and sell. And given the kind of products we do, we see some of the constraint. And Ill be direct, we could have shipped more in Q3 if such constraints were not as tight.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur of JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Congratulations on solid execution and strong free cash flow. If I look at the free cash flow for the first nine months of the fiscal year and your EBITDA guidance for Q4, sort of back of the envelope, Im coming up with free cash flow growing year-over-year to around $11.5 billion for the fiscal year, which would imply that the team should be in a position to raise the dividend to at least $14 or probably more from December of this year. Number one is, am I in the ballpark. And Tom, anything that we should be aware of in terms of working capital or collections that could impact the normalized free cash flow this fiscal quarter?
Tom Krause: No. Harlan, I think your math is fairly spot on. I think, we clearly are going to assess the dividend at the end of the year. But, keep in mind, we are in a recession, were still dealing with COVID, weve got an election coming. And so, I think we want to wait. And obviously, until we get to the end of the year, talk to the Board, look at the outlook for 21 before we jump to any conclusions. But, youre right. I mean, our capital allocation policy is to allocate approximately half of our free cash flow back to shareholders in the form of a dividend. Weve had that in place now for several years. And we think thats the right approach. Were going to continue to take the other 50%, manage the balance sheet as we are this year. We pay down a considerable amount of debt by the end of this year, $5 billion, which were happy with. We think the balance sheet is in a very good place as we exit fiscal 20. And then, were back to sort of I think, normal behavior in terms of working at how to drive full shareholder return above and beyond the dividend, allocating capital, either M&A and/or the buybacks. And so, well address the dividend question, as we always do with the end of the fiscal year, but look forward to executing this quarter posting results and then having that discussion.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. I wanted to ask about margin long term, your aspirations specifically. Youre clearly executing really, really well in the near-term, both at the gross margin level as well as the operating margin level. Tom, I guess, historically, youve talked about product mix and business mix being the key driver for gross margins. Is that still the case, or are there specific levers that you can pull to potentially improve gross margins further? I guess more importantly, how should we think about go-forward OpEx leverage, given the current mix of between semis and software?
Hock Tan: Let me take the first part. Tom can give you second part as we put in software. But, on semiconductors particularly, and this is not a philosophy or just not a model that were just coming out with. Its always been there. Its the nature of technology and nature of the semiconductor technology market. As you know, we have a broad portfolio of this franchise leadership products. And we come up with them -- come up with next generation products in a very steady cadence of product lifecycle. For instance, in wireless, our products come out every 12 to 18 months, a new generation of products; and also networking two, three years; storage four, five years; industrial, anywhere from four to eight years. But it comes on. And thats why we put in the R&D to make sure our products create value for customers, each new generation adding more value. And with each generation that we add value, we have the opportunity to extract and ratchet up the value, financial value for delivering on this much better, higher performance products. Its a natural cycle. And so, with every new generation, your margin improves. Think about it, we have a range of about 16, 17 broad range of products in various end markets with different product cycles. You do -- you go through that model, what we have seen empirically over the last 10 years is the gross margin of this mix of product grows natural -- expands naturally 50 to 100 basis points each year. It comes with the nature of the business.
Tom Krause: Yes. So, I mean, I think when you take that, you look at and we highlighted in the prepared remarks, the semiconductor business turning the corner and now returning to growth, which I think is important, you layer in increasing diversification from software and the scale that affords us and of course, the margins that it brings, especially with the synergies on the go-to-market that were driving, I think, over the horizon here, I think we see a path frankly going to 60% EBITDA margins. I think thats the next stop. But, I think Hock is right. We have consistently over many, many years, by driving more content increase through R&D investments, been able to drive margins up incrementally, and that will contribute to the overall success of the margin increases that we see coming.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis of Barclays. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to ask on the networking segment and thanks for all the detail on the segment. So, I guess, if you put all that in there, it looks like networking growth would actually accelerate double-digits. So, Im just kind of curious, looking three segments, service provider, data center and enterprise, some comments. I know your product cycles that are driving a lot of the growth, but just kind of curious your thoughts on the market embedded in that guidance?
Tom Krause: Yes. So, Blayne, I mean, I think, I talked about it, but I think its clear, cloud continues to grow for us. I think, we have a very strong product cycle in telcos, which probably gets underappreciated, especially in the routing side. And then, look, we have a lot of different angles into enterprise, obviously, with the software portfolio with Brocade on the fiber channel side, things we do within the server market. I mean, its clear thats slowing down. We saw that at the end of the third quarter, were seeing that as we get to the end of the year. Theres some indication, given the lead times we have that actually got stabilizing at these lower levels. I think, its a little bit too early to tell whats going to happen as we go into the beginning of the calendar year. But, its obvious to us at least right now is cloud and telco driving that growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar of Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. Hey, guys. First of all, congratulations on strong execution. Hock, I wanted to ask about when I look at your software businesses, I see sometimes bookings in double digits, but the revenue growth is a lot lower than that. And I wanted to understand that mechanism, why the revenues are always lagging your order growth rate? And then, are you done with the accretion of customers in Symantec or what is the expected timeframe for that?
Hock Tan: Okay. By the way -- and the first part of that question is pretty interesting. Yes, there is almost -- the simplest way to look at it is, we sign software contracts, whether its on subscription or even on license and maintenance for three-year term contracts, three years. So, at any point in time and any one year, youre really seeing only roughly one-third of our outstanding contract backlog coming up for renewals. And so, we -- so for those one-third contracts, we are seeing that double-digit booking growth as we renew those contracts, bookings being referred to as renewals of that contract. So, when you take that part, and keep in mind, you still have the other two-thirds backlog that continues as we recognize revenues ratably very much. So, every contract we sign up and renewals, we recognize revenue ratably over three years. So, you have to dilute that in. And thats why what happens is that double-digit bookings rate increase translates when you dilute it with the rest of the backlog that is chugging along steadily flat to effectively a mid-single-digit growth rate in revenue. Thats the way the math works. And weve been able to do that very, very well, especially in our core accounts.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Snyder of Charter Equity. Your line is open.
Edward Snyder: Wireless business is booming, obviously on the 5G release, largest customer, but maybe we can talk about a little longer term. There is no secret customers. Largest initiative is to do their own baseband modem. And I mean, thats a job unto itself. The interface, the entire RF front end has to usually be designed by somebody other than the baseband guys, thats the case for all baseband providers now. In fact, most baseband from MediaTek to Qualcomm are turning to incumbent, the large RF semi companies to do the actual artificial design itself. Since you are the strategic partner for the largest portion of that, is it fair to assume that you will be intimately involved in this? And does that change the nature of your relationship in terms of revenue growth or margins? Because this is a once in a company history event for your largest customer, if they can get it working, theyre getting all the help they can get. So how does this affect the margin profile, and more broadly, the revenue growth over the next two, three years in wireless? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Ed, I love the fact that you know so much about this business. And equally, you will know I cant comment on that. Sorry.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from C.J. Muse of Evercore. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, just a follow-up. You talked about extended lead times, you talked about wireless growing into fiscal Q1, and you also highlighted the semiconductor solutions sustaining into Q1. So, as we put all that together and obvious strength, particularly on the networking side, is it fair to say that semiconductor should grow again into January?
Tom Krause: Yes. C.J., I mean, I think what we wanted to highlight was given the shift in the product launch for the big phone customer. We just wanted to give some color on how that translates into Q1, since that doesnt happen very often. I think I can recall it happening a couple of years ago but doesnt happen very often. And I think we also wanted to be clear, given the lead times that we do have reason of visibility, especially into some of the growth areas like networking that we talked about. And so, we do feel comfortable. I think, this is the first quarter in a while where semiconductor is going to be up year-over-year. And if you look into Q1, we feel comfortable that we can sustain that.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Ms. Russotto for any closing remarks. 
Beatrice Russotto: Thank you, operator. So, in closing, we did want to note that Hock will be presenting virtually at the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference on Tuesday, September 15th. And with that that will conclude our earnings call today and we thank you all for joining. Operator, you may end the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-06-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc.s Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Beatrice Russotto, Director of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc. Please go ahead, maam.
Beatrice Russotto: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me on todays call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tom Krause, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom. After the market closed, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the second quarter of fiscal year 2020. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investor section of Broadcoms website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investor section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments, Hock and Tom will be providing details of our second quarter fiscal year 2020 results, guidance for our third quarter, as well as commentary regarding the business environment. Well take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. So with that, Ill now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: All right. Thank you, Bea, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Before I provide our quarterly results, I do want to take a moment to acknowledge and thank all of the healthcare professionals and essential workers on the frontlines, who are showing incredible courage during these unprecedented times. I speak for all of Broadcom, when I say we are very grateful for their work. I also especially want to thank our team of more than 20,000 employees working all over the world to keep our business running. Im proud of their tireless efforts to preserve and protect our enterprise. Now, more than ever, our customers and communities are counting on us to continue to deliver the essential technologies that enable the continuity of functions critical to daily life. So now, let me turn to our second quarter results and our outlook for the third quarter. We delivered second quarter net revenue of $5.7 billion, very much in line with our guidance, down 2% sequentially, up 4% year-on-year. Semiconductor solutions revenue was $4 billion, declining 2% year-on-year. Infrastructure software revenue was $1.7 billion, up 21% year-on-year, which, of course, includes contribution from Symantec. On a sequential basis, semiconductors were down 4% while software was up 3%. So, on to more color starting with semiconductors, we face a very interesting demand environment in the midst of a challenging supply chain ecosystem. Let me provide more color on various semiconductor end markets. Beginning with networking. Q2 reflected an expected recovery and was up 11% sequentially. Demand was healthy as we began to ramp our next-generation Tomahawk 3 and Trident 3 switch products at our various cloud customers, and in network routing, Jericho 2 at our telco customers. This steady recovery which we saw in Q2 is now turning into a demand surge in Q3 as we are seeing strength for existing generation products in addition to this next-generation range. We are also seeing a strong uplift in demand from the neck  from the ramp of next-generation deep learning inference chips for a lead cloud customer. In server storage connectivity, we note a similar situation. From a 14% sequential revenue decline in Q2, demand in Q3 has turned around and is accelerating. Demand  sorry, demand from enterprise customers for our RAID data protection controllers has recovered and is showing considerable strength. Demand from cloud service providers for our PCI Express switches that drives solid state memory and AI applications has been particularly strong. Turning on to broadband, which was flat sequentially in Q2. We expect approximately 10% revenue growth quarter-over-quarter in Q3 driven by strong adoption of Wi-Fi 6 in next-generation access gateways not only from enterprises, but also from telcos and other service providers. Were also seeing increased demand for broadband, DSL, and PON and next-generation cable DOCSIS 3.1. That being said, we expect this to be partially offset by a sharp decline in video, particularly in satellite set-top boxes, given the current constraints on live sporting events. Then moving on to wireless. Wireless saw typical seasonality in Q2, was down 14% sequentially much like last year. In Q3, we would normally expect to see a double-digit sequential uplift in revenue from the ramp of next-generation phone at our large North American mobile phone customer. However, this year, we do not expect to see this uptick in revenue until our fourth fiscal quarter. So accordingly, we expect our wireless revenue in Q3 will be down sequentially as it was down in Q2. Turning last to industrial. We began to see recovery in Q2, and revenue was up 13% sequentially, consistent with recovery in resales to end market. Even as we expect resales in Q3 to be flat, given the current market uncertainty arising from the current  the COVID-19 pandemic, we are aggressively moving to bring down channel inventory globally, especially in Europe and Japan. As a result, we expect a double digit sequential decline in recognized shipping revenue in the third quarter. I would note, resales in Asia Pacific, in particular China, are expected to be up quarter-over-quarter, while other regions  all other regions are expected to be down. So, thats the demand picture. Now, on the supply chain side, we have experienced and continue to do so, some challenges, some of which are unique to us. Lead times, especially in leading-edge processes have extended and are running at historical highs. Coupled with this, we have significant test capacity  repositioned significant test capacity in Malaysia, where we also have a central  centralized warehouse. And this is a location, which has experienced intermittent COVID-19 lockdowns and significant logistical delays. Bottom line, in Q3 we really have much more demand than we can supply and this may very well continue beyond Q3. In summary, we clearly see significant puts and takes. On the positive side, a surge of demand in networking, storage and broadband; on the negative side, supply chain constraints and the product cycle delay in wireless. Therefore, we forecast our semiconductor solution revenue to be up 3% sequentially, but only down 5% year-on-year for the third quarter despite the major product cycle delay in wireless. Right. Now turning to software. CA was up 2% year-on-year and flat sequentially. Bookings in our core accounts grew double digits annually, which was offset by the expected reduction in services revenue. Symantec grew 2% sequentially and contributed over $400 million in the quarter. After two quarters, we have successfully integrated Symantec onto the Broadcom platform and have largely contributed  completed the transition. As mentioned, bookings in our core accounts are growing and more than offsetting the transition out of smaller commercial accounts as we continue to rationalize the business. While Brocade was down 21% year-on-year, it was up 11% sequentially in Q2 and was the  and that was the third quarter in a row of sequential growth for Brocade following the Q3 bottom last year. Looking ahead to next quarter, we expect revenues from CA and Symantec, of course, to sustain on a sequential basis. However, very consistent with our distribution strategy in semiconductors, we are reducing channel inventory significantly for Brocade and expect Brocade revenue will be down significantly quarter-on-quarter in Q3. So as a result, we expect revenue from the Software segment to be down approximately 7% sequentially in the third quarter. So, in sum, we expect our consolidated third quarter net revenue to be $5.75 billion, roughly flat from Q2. This reflects a 3% sequential projected revenue increase in semiconductors and a 7% sequential expected revenue decline in software. With that, Ill turn it over to Tom.
Thomas Krause: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. First, on the P&L, gross margins were 73% of revenue in the quarter and relatively flat with Q1, but up approximately 100 basis points year-on-year. The increase in software as a percentage of our overall revenue drove the increase. Operating income from continuing operations was $3 billion and represented 53% of net revenue. Operating margins were effectively flat quarter-over-quarter, but down year-on-year by approximately 70 basis points, primarily due to the stranded costs for Symantec we carried in the quarter. In fact, operating expenses were $1.2 billion, which was down $28 million compared to Q1, but still included approximately $35 million of Symantec-related expenses that we expect to go away over the remainder of the year. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.2 billion and represented 56% of net revenue. This figure excludes $147 million of depreciation. Looking at cash flow. We had record quarterly free cash flow of $3.1 billion, representing 53% of revenue. This is up a little more than 20% year-on-year. Collections were quite strong and its worth noting that our software businesses are seasonal, with December and to a lesser extent March, being particularly strong bookings months. As a result, our fiscal Q2 is the peak collections period for software. In addition, we strictly managed working capital to improve liquidity, but also out of an abundance of caution, given the continuing lack of visibility. Notably, we moved most of our business to build the order during the quarter and are continuing to operate this way. However, the downside to our conservative approach is our ability to respond to short lead time orders is very limited. Overall, were going to continue to operate and plan for challenging conditions going forward, given the uncertain environment. Turning to capital allocation. In the quarter, we paid our common stockholders $1.3 billion of cash dividends. We also paid $219 million in withholding taxes due to on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the elimination of approximately 900,000 AVGO shares. We ended the quarter with 402 million outstanding common shares and 452 million fully diluted shares. Note that, we expect the fully diluted share account to stay at 452 million in Q3. On the financing and investing front, we derisked our balance sheet with over $18 billion of debt refinancing, including $2 billion of commercial paper. This allowed us to push out average debt maturities to six years from four years, while our average cost of debt increased by just above 50 basis points. Note these figures are inclusive of the $8 billion financing and $3. billion  $3.9 billion, excuse me, exchange offering that we executed in the first month of our third fiscal quarter. All told, we ended the quarter with $9.2 billion of cash and currently have $14.2 billion of liquidity, including our $5 billion revolver. Note, we did drawdown $3 billion on our revolver earlier in the quarter, all of which we have repaid as part of our refinancing activity. We ended the quarter with $45.8 billion of total debt, of which approximately $800 million is short-term. In closing, given our strong free cash flow generation, healthy balance sheet and enhanced liquidity position, we remain committed to maintaining our dividend, while we navigate this uncertain environment. That concludes my prepared remarks. During the Q&A portion of todays call, please limit yourselves to one question each, so we can accommodate as many analysts as possible. Operator, please open up the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Vivek Arya of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Hock, the question is on wireless. Historically, you see some of that growth in Q3 from a seasonal perspective and then a larger growth in Q4. This time, youre saying its going to be shifted by a quarter. And then I think in the past, youve also mentioned strong, I think, 30% kind of content growth when it comes to 5G. So the question is, how should we think about the wireless recovery in Q4, and if you could help us kind of align it, whether it can be up year-on-year or flattish year-on-year? Just give us some more color around how we should think about the wireless expected recovery into Q4? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Ill answer it this way, Vivek. We definitely  as you know, and which you are implying to in your question, were designing, obviously, in those flagship  big flagship phones in our large North American OEM phone makers. When? There is no question. The question is the timing, and youre right. In the past years, seasonally, the business seasonal and the trough of every fiscal year has been Q2. We believe because of product cycle delays, the trough for our fiscal year will be Q3 this coming quarter, and thats what we reflected in our forecast, thats reflected in our numbers in the way we are guiding Q3. Nothing has changed in terms of designs. Nothing has changed in terms of the content you indicated. And youre right, the content has been up for 5G phones over 30%  way over 30%, more close to the 40% from where we were last year. Its just the timing, and were guiding Q3, and I dont mean to be rude, but were not guiding Q4 at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Thank you. Hock, just a question on software with CA and now Symantec. Just wanted to ask about how you  how the strategy is really taking hold? In particular, how these businesses are performing today versus as youre doing due diligence and ahead of the deals closing, just kind of what youre seeing in this business and anything incremental would be helpful?
Hock Tan: Well, very good question. So, let me spend a few minutes to respond to that and give you a lot more color. We now have CA under our belt and CA comprises mainframe and distributed software as well, especially a whole range from DevOps to business operation platforms. An answer to  given that we have almost a year-and-a-half of CA under our belt, were very, very pleased with that acquisition. It has performance. Financial performance of CA has exceeded even our regional plan when we did the deal 18 months ago. And its evidence in the sense that, as I say, we are able to expand and grow our bookings by focusing on the largest enterprises, who buy  which buy a lot of this software out there in the world. And as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we have been successful in selling more capacity, more adjacent products to these large enterprises, which have enabled us to book and to expand bookings in these core accounts over 20% annually over the past 18 months, and so that to us has been a great success. Were trying to do the same with Symantec, same playbook, the same focus on the core customers which happens to be a very similar set of core customers. We have two quarters under our belt now, and we are quite pleased with the way this thing has turned out.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Hock, I just want to go back to your comments about some of the supply constraints you saw in the fiscal second quarter and expect to see in the fiscal third quarter. Is there anyway to quantify the revenue impact? And I guess, specifically, why Im asking, while the sequential growth in network up 11% in the fiscal second quarter is solid, at least by our math on a year-over-year basis, its only up about kind of mid to high-teens, which is kind of significantly underperforming a lot of the other cloud semi guys that have reported. And so, Im just trying to square that circle, and were the supply constraints more dominated in a certain part of the business?
Hock Tan: Youre right. We sell a fairly broad range of products, even into data centers. And as I indicated, we sell known networking products, switching. We also sell server storage components, server storage connectivity, and we also sell some of these components into hard drives that goes into those nearline cloud datacenters. So, its a broad diversity. And the impact, the challenges and constraints on the supply chain cuts across some of these products, not all consistently. And  but we basically see very, very strong demand, and our challenge is to be able to optimize how we are supplying in those situations. Very fortunately, in our view, our products are very strong franchises in their own rights. And so, I would say, we see our customers are very, very willing and able in many situations to work with us as we work through our supply chain challenges. In other words, the demand has not been seen to be perishable. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys, thanks for letting me ask the question as well. I want to piggyback off Johns question and maybe look a little further forward on the supply side with the constraint. Hock, you mentioned that, that was going to be a limitation in the third quarter and also could even go into the fourth quarter. Is the specifics of it enough away from wireless, that if youre pushing out the wireless business and youre still shortage  short of supply, that when that wireless business comes back, are you going to have even bigger problems and have to make sacrifices elsewhere? Are those supply chains sufficiently differentiated that you can have the wireless side come back and not have to have -- make any sacrifices on the rest of the business when we look into fiscal 4Q?
Hock Tan: Ross, we love you dearly. Youre overanalyzing. Things are improving week-by-week in our  in some of those unique constraints we have. Of course, theyre. Malaysia is gradually opening up. Our warehouse are gradually expanding their capacity  our operating capacity as are the test capacity  as our ability to shift test capacity to other locations, where we have back-end assembly capacity. So were working to step-by-step increase it. And look, we will overtime get there and improve as we go along. As I say, were working through Q3 now very vigorously, and well worry about Q4 when we get there, at which time, for sure, we would have improved the situation considerably.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Harlan Sur of JPMorgan. Your question, please.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Given the sharp COVID-19-related increasing compute and data traffic, I can understand the strength in the cloud data center business. And obviously, the requirements to add more networking capacity, not sure that this dynamic actually goes away, even as global geographies start to open back up. And then Hock, as you mentioned, on top of that, you guys are ramping Tomahawk 3, Jericho 2, some of your compute acceleration, ASIC. So given all of this, do you see sustainability of demand for your cloud products into the second-half of the year? Because there seems to be a view out there that post-COVID-19, cloud customers are going to take a pause in the second-half of the year?
Hock Tan: Harlan, thats an extremely good question. And its a question that we keep  that goes through our head constantly. And the bottom line is, I dont know the answer. I mean, Ill be honest with you that if you asked me that question four weeks ago, five weeks ago, I would really have a high degree of doubt that you will sustain. It doesnt mean I agree that you will sustain, but we have been seeing right up to now about 11 weeks, and we track this very closely of extremely strong bookings, and it continues as we sit here right now, thats the fact. Does that mean, you will sustain? Dont know. We dont know the answer.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon of Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to go back to wireless. In the press release, you used the word expected substantial reset. So does that mean that the product delay was expected, or is that expected a reference to the semi custom business that we knew was rolling off that you had told us a couple of quarters ago, that being going from $1.1 billion last year, like $500 million this year. And more generally, two quarters ago, you gave us some wireless growth targets for the year, I think, it was down about 10% for the full-year. I assume youre tracking below that now. given whats going on. But can you give us some order of magnitude idea of how the wireless business is actually tracking right now versus the color that you had given us two quarters ago for what to expect this year?
Thomas Krause: Great. Stacy, its Tom. I think, theres no correlation between what we talked about earlier this year and where we are today. The reality is what we see is contents up, as Hock talked about, 40%. There has been a shift in terms of when product is going to be delivered. There are some supply chain constraints, of course, on top of that. And so when you put that all together, comparing anything to what we talked about, I think, two quarters ago was difficult. I think the key point is, we remain very much on track from a product roadmap standpoint and from a content standpoint consistently we talked about in the past. And I think that bodes well obviously for later this year, but also in the future.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis of Barclays. Your question, please.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks for the question. Maybe just follow-up on wireless. Just want to understand that, you said 30%, almost 40% content gains in 5G. So Im assuming youre talking just cellular, and thats just some portion of the mix. And then  so Im assuming that  that will flow in the model over the next couple of years. And maybe you can just give us a perspective on Wi-Fi, as well as the kind of composite content story over the next couple of years in wireless?
Hock Tan: Well, I assume your question is more on content. Yes, go ahead, Tom.
Thomas Krause: Blayne, I think, first of all, on the content side, its inclusive of all of our products in that area, right? So its not just RF, but its also custom and its Wi-Fi. And so I think what youre referring to is whats the mix of 5G versus non-5G phones? And how does that play out over time? I think what weve talked about in the past, its going to take several years for that to transition. Obviously, we dont control that, but thats our expectation. When we talked about the growth rate of wireless over time, the next several years being high single digits, thats what ties into the content growth, plus the expectation, it takes several years to go all 5G.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri of UBS. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks. I guess, I had a question on just big picture demand. Its obviously quite odd to have such big supply constraints amid a global economic downturn. And youre definitely talking about demand across your end markets being strong, I think, Hock, used a word a surge recently. So, how do you handicap the demand strength? Is sell-through sufficient to support the orders? Or are we maybe robbing from some future quarters, given that the customers know that theres some supply constraints and maybe robbing from the end of the year into 2021? I guess, Im sort of asking if you can bridge sell-in and what youre hearing from your customers on sell-through? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Well, look, let me try to answer that. First and foremost, most of all these orders, all these big demand constraint were talking about are direct  are orders directly from the end users, both of them. This  and a lot of this is what you all have heard about, strength in the cloud, mega scale, cloud vendors are buying it. Strength in broadband from  directly from the telcos, the service providers. We are getting most  a lot of these customers we deal with directly. And even if they go through OEMs, not distributors, OEMs, we have clear visibility on pools from end users, which are the customers of the OEMs, like the telcos, the cable companies, service providers. So these are all largely direct. And as I pointed out, too, if anything else, distribution, we are bringing down bookings, channel inventory and distributors back to our view  Toms view of managing our exposure out there and in this environment of very strong end demand. Last thing, we need to do is get distracted with general inventory. So we are very aggressively bringing down channel inventory by reducing ship into distributors even at their  as their resale is maintained, as I mentioned, depending on end markets at a fairly decent level. So these are coming direct. And from customers, mainly a lot of it cloud customers, a bunch of probably OEMs, these big OEMs, who sell to large enterprises. And I think a lot of these guys are not holding  as far as were aware, they are not holding it for inventory. Doesnt mean, we dont dread for a fact. But as far as we can see, they have been deployed or theyve been quickly deployed. So we have  we do not have a clear sense on how much inventory are being accumulated, if any.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pierre Ferragu of New Street. Your question, please.
Pierre Ferragu: Thank you. Thank you for taking my question. So, Hock, if I understood you correctly, you saw the surge in demand for your direct end customers in cloud and telcos? And I was wondering if you saw a similar trend of things trending differently with your networking equipment clients?
Hock Tan: Youre talking about, I assume the original equipment manufacturers, the OEMs. Now, most of the OEMs, not all buy from us tend to, as you probably  I assume are implying here buying a lot for enterprises, more than traditional enterprise side. And so as we see over the past 12, 13 weeks, which represents one quarter of bookings we are seeing, a lot of the OEMs are also buying for those enterprises. So  and on the basis that which we use scrutinize where those orders come from, and a lot of these orders are also for demand from fairly large enterprise customers that these guys have, not to the scale of strength that we see among cloud mega scale players or from telcos and service providers at this point, especially in broadband, but certainly we do not see weakness there, but with not the strength that we see for our direct purchases from cloud guys or from telcos for their business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Danely of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Christopher Danely: Hey, guys, thanks for letting me ask a question. I guess, Im going to try for like a series of confirmations on the lead time situation. So can you just talk about a little more color on lead times whats normal and what they are now? Do you see them getting worse or getting further extended? And then also, if you could tell us what sort of percentage of revenues are impacted by the extended lead times? And then do you see any signs of double ordering?
Hock Tan: Well, lead times, in fact, has been pretty long for a while, especially in leading-edge processes. When you talk about wafer foundries, leading-edge processes, this is not something that just showed up recently. Its over the past many  several months, lead times at the major foundries for leading-edge processes has always been very, very extended. And as is long lead time for not just wafers, I would add also for specialized material components like substrates, so also a massive long lead time because of capacity limitations if something like it happened more than a year ago on MLCCs for that extent. In this case, its wafers and all that. I think that and I think it will improve. It will improve and we are starting to see some improvement. It will improve as times progress over this. What really makes a difference, maybe from the way were addressing and Tom highlighted it is, many of our  many companies out there when they buy their  when they try to manufacture their chips, perhaps buying  order those from the suppliers on forecast with the anticipation that their forecasts are good and they can, therefore, have a head start on already pre-building a lot of that product inventory, and therefore, they can supply. But building the forecast obviously carries with it a high level of  some level of risk that you could be forecasting a demand that doesnt materialize. And thats  that enables you to do  to lead  to deliver  manufacture and deliver the chips, the final product in period less than normal standard lead time, which would be what you take to start from the beginning of a wafer to the end product. And that is whats happening. The whole lead time from beginning to end is probably longer today and has been that way for months now. It is much longer than normal lead times, many of my peer group companies in the semiconductor industry give to their customers. We have chosen now to build because of risk mitigation purposely and built only to orders, not to forecast. And that might be what is the biggest difference here. All right.
Operator: That will conclude our call today. Thank you all for joining. Have a good day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-03-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc.'s First Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Financial Results Conference call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Beatrice Russotto, Director of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Beatrice Russotto: Thank you, operator, and thanks everyone for dialing in today. Joining me on todays call are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tom Krause, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom. After the market closed, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the first quarter of fiscal year 2020. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments, Hock and Tom will be providing details of our first quarter fiscal year 2020 results, guidance for our second quarter fiscal year 2020 and commentary regarding the business environment. We'll take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. I'll now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Bea and thank you, everyone for joining today. Well, it certainly was the best of times. It is now the worst of times and we certainly live in very interesting times. So let me start by reviewing our first quarter results, after which I will provide an update on the current environment and outlook. Consolidated net revenue for first quarter was $5.9 billion, 1% increase from a year ago. Semiconductor solutions revenue was $4.2 billion, declining 4% year-over-year but collectively demand for our networking, broadband and storage products continue to recover, growing 6% year-over-year. However, as expected, wireless products were down sharply year-on-year due to the  an architectural change in touch sensing as we explained. Our infrastructure software segment performed largely as expected. Brocade recovered from the bottom of 2019 and continued to stabilize very well. CA had a record quarter under Broadcom, delivering approximately $880 million of revenue or a 5% growth year-over-year. Finally, in this first quarter of integrating Symantec onto our platform and taking into account the impact of purchase accounting, we had revenue of approximately $400 million, which we expect will step up as the year progresses. Now this first quarter results also exclude the Managed Security Services business, which we are divesting to Accenture. Now let me turn to our current thinking on the full year. Let me begin by putting into context how we initially came to our prior full year 2020 guidance. It was based on two primary drivers. On the infrastructure software side, we added Symantec, which in the first year we expect to do $1.8 billion, combined with Brocade, which is on its way back to a normalized run rate and CA which is growing. We felt good about $7 billion from the software segment in 2020. Now in semiconductors, 2018 was a strong year up high single-digits. However, were softening demand industry-wide, 2019 became challenging and was down high single-digits, bottoming out in the second half of the year. So when we gave our 2020 guidance last quarter, it reflected a projected recovery from that bottom. We expect that the recovery would be more gradual in the first half of 2020, which we have been seeing and then accelerate in the second half of 2020. Our confidence in that acceleration was driven by the anticipated launch of 5G phones late in the year and expected strong data center spending from enterprise and hyper cloud customers. So now let's talk about the impact of COVID-19 on that outlook. As I sit here today, I have not yet seen a meaningful impact on bookings and certainly the fundamentals of the business remain very much intact. However, there is no doubt COVID-19 has created a high level of uncertainty, which we can't help but think is going to have an impact on our semiconductor business, in particular in the second half of the fiscal year. But frankly, visibility is bad and confidence continued to erode. So as a result, we believe it is only prudent that we withdraw our annual guidance until such time that visibility returns to pre-COVID-19 levels. One more point though before I move on. Keep in mind through all the cyclicality and uncertainty, given the high degree of recurring revenue based on multi-year contracts, any uncertainty around infrastructure software revenue is likely to be very much more muted. Also in light of the unique environment we are in, we thought it makes sense at this time to provide more color on near-term expectations, which we have better visibility. We expect our second quarter revenue to be $5.7 billion, which reflects a typical sequential drop, slight drop in wireless seasonality. Importantly, on a year-on-year basis, we expect our semiconductor business this Q2 overall to be virtually flat from a year ago, this after year-on-year reduction over the last four quarters. On infrastructure software revenues, we expect that to sustain on a sequential basis as we focus on  as we continue to focus on completing the Symantec integration process. So to put it in perspective, shipments to date in addition to orders on hand give us the confidence in our ability to achieve this focus. So finally before I turn the call over to Tom, let me address our wireless business, especially given all the speculation in the press following our last quarterly call. After careful consideration, we have come to the conclusion that continuing to invest in and operate our wireless assets will create the most value for our business and for our shareholders. Were now more closely and strategically aligned with our largest smartphone customer as a result of our more recent multi-year supply agreements and look forward to the continued success of our wireless franchises. Now let me turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Krause: Thank you, Hock. Consolidated net revenue for the first quarter is $5.9 billion, a 1% increase from a year ago. Semiconductor solutions revenue was $4.2 billion and represented 72% of our total revenue this quarter. This was down 4% year-on-year and down 8% quarter-over-quarter. Revenue for the infrastructure software segment was $1.7 billion and represented 28% of revenue. This was up 19% year-over-year and up 39% quarter-over-quarter. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Operating expenses were $1.19 billion and include approximately $80 million of Symantec-related expenses that we expect to go away over the course of the year. Operating income from continuing operations was $3.08 billion and represented 52.6% of net revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.27 billion and represented 55.7% of net revenue. This figure excludes $146 million of depreciation. I would also note that we accrued $248 million of restructuring integration expenses and made $131 million of cash restructuring integration payments in the quarter. We spent $108 million on capital expenditures and free cash flow represented 37.8% of revenue or $2.21 billion. In the quarter, we returned $1.5 billion to our common stock holders, including $1.3 billion of cash dividends. We paid $169 million in withholding taxes due on investing of employment equity resulting in elimination of $0.5 million AVGO shares. Finally, we ended the quarter with $6.4 billion of cash, $44.7 billion of total debt, 399 million outstanding common shares and 451 million fully diluted shares for the quarter. Now let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the second quarter of fiscal year 2020. As Hock discussed, we expect net revenue to be $5.7 billion plus or minus $150 million. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be approximately $3.135 billion or 55% of net revenue, with a slight drop in revenue partially offset by the lower operating expense. As you would expect us to do, we run various downside recessionary scenarios with respect to our cash flow outlook, and ability to maintain our liquidity, service our debt and return capital to our shareholders. Given our high gross margin profile and our somewhat variable operating expense structure, we believe we are able to maintain EBITDA margins comfortably north of 50% even in these downside scenarios. With this as a backdrop, we are quite comfortable with the current dividends and our ability to generate excess cash beyond the dividend throughout the fiscal year. As a result, our capital allocation plan for the year remains unchanged. We plan to pay out approximately $5.5 billion in cash dividend to common and preferred shareholders and expect to pay down $4 billion of debt. Given the high level of uncertainty today, we are currently focused on maintaining higher than normal levels of liquidity and currently plan to do the debt pay down in the second half of the year or once visibility starts to improve. That concludes my prepared remarks. During the Q&A portion of today's call, please limit yourselves to one question each so we can accommodate as many analysts as possible. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thank you. Hock, just a question on the wireless business, if you can add some more context in terms of your commentary around further alignment with your largest customer and kind of the strategic nature of the business.
Hock Tan: Well, we're pretty much under NDA, so I'm obviously very limited in what  how much I would disclose to you. But suffice it to say, and we put that out in our  in a press release when  right after we sign agreement with our customer that, basically, it's a long-term three-year, in fact, agreement that aligns  that requires us to provide technology and road map alignment in essentially RF components for the next three years  next three generation of 5G phones. It's very close engagement, and it perpetuates the strong products and franchise we have in this space.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi, Hock. Thanks for all your color. I know times are very uncertain. Is there any either end market or geographic color you can give on kind of the supply versus demand disruption you're seeing? I know you said that bookings haven't really changed at all, but it's  clearly, the uncertainty levels are high. So any sort of color would be helpful.
Hock Tan: Well, it's very interesting one you just said because you're right. I mean, as we sit here right now  and obviously you're trying not to be disingenuous about how we answer this question, but we haven't seen any significant or meaningful impact. But that could reflect the fact that most of all our businesses are related to enterprises and infrastructure as opposed to consumer base. And as we know, the pandemic of COVID-19 is obviously hitting the people, the individual, the consumer. So we have that level of buffer before we see it, and we recognize that. We also recognize the fact that probably some areas would behave differently from other areas in a sense that we see as part of social distancing that more and more people, a lot of people work from home, which basically implies they not only work from home. They stay home and play from home, which means consumption of Internet cloud increases. So hyper cloud spending, I would see to probably not be pulled back or scaled back, possibly might even improve or such. On the other side, over time, as consumer spending drops as we all expect to at least over  on a temporary basis, confidence level among businesses, enterprises might erode, as I indicated in my notes, which might basically delay or push out spending by enterprises, while cloud spending goes up. So there's puts and takes. But again, this all be all speculation, and I want to put it down this way because we have not seen either thing  either scenarios happen as yet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. And Hock, I understand the visibility is limited, but should we assume second half can still be better than the first half? Because when I go back to Tom's, I think, cash flow remarks, if I got them right, I think, Tom, you said $5.5 billion in dividend payment and $4 billion in debt pay down. So that's $9.5 billion of cash usage, which I think is higher than the $9 billion free cash flow that you had outlined in the last call for fiscal 20. So that definitely suggests strong free cash flow generation for this year. So I'm just trying to look at those data points and see what are the assumptions you have for the second half of this year, both from a sales and a free cash flow generation perspective? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Well, let's start with top line, as you said, right, because then the bottom line falls through with us very, very easily, to answer your question. On  and as Tom indicated, as we look at the full year, we could draw various possibilities, various scenarios. We could. In our current guidance, I'm not suggesting for a second might even show up or close to show up. Problem is, frankly, as I indicated, we don't know. We don't know because we don't  we're trying to understand the impact of COVID-19 on our ecosystem and that this is still a very early stage in the whole process. But what we've seen so far is what happened in China, Asia, obviously. And that hit badly, big but  so it could come from two parts, demand and supply chain. What we saw in the supply chain was not much impact, partly because a lot of supply chain contract manufacturing and all that was not in China. Part of it was, but there was also inventory in the pipeline pre-COVID-19, so that kept supply chain going. So our supply chain has not been impacted to any meaningful level. On the demand side, there was slowdown. There has also been some level of recovery since then in China as this  as the pandemic in China starts to subside somewhat. Now having said that, we're looking over at the U.S., Europe now, and we're seeing that going into its full-blown glory. Can we extrapolate what we see in China over here? To be honest, we don't know. And so if you want to look at one right  one possible downside, and we plan  we have done plenty of it, you could say the revenues could drop, say, 10%  5% to 10% from our $25 billion original forecast. And as Tom indicated, and I'll let Tom elaborate a bit more, what we're seeing is because of our high-margin products and revenues and to some extent, our variable OpEx, operating expense levels, we expect our EBITDA percentage, EBITDA percentage of revenue to still be comfortably over 50%. Tom?
Tom Krause: And I'd just to add on to that. I think if you look at the Q2 levels, it's a seasonally down quarter traditionally. And if we work off of that as a baseline, you're right, we all would have expected revenues to seasonally be up in the second half. There are some onetime drivers associated with that, but there's also generally an uptick in the back half. We run a lot of different scenarios as you'd expect we would. Even if you assume depressed levels where we're flattish off of the Q2 number, I mean keep in mind, in Q2, we're going to generate on the order of $2.5 billion of free cash flow. Interest rates have come down dramatically. We have a lot of floating rate debt. That's helping us. We have a variable compensation structure here as Hock was articulating. That helps us. And so if you want to paint that kind of scenario, those are things we have to do, especially given our capital structure, we're still going to generate on order the amount of free cash flow that you were just describing. And we haven't guided a specific number because I think the visibility continues to get worse, and we don't want to get out in front of what could be obviously a very challenging environment. But needless to say, we're paying $5.5 billion in the form of dividends, including the preferred. It gives us a tremendous amount of headroom. I think it's only prudent, as I said, to keep ample amount of liquidity as we sit here today, but it's at least our expectation, especially if we're going to be running at these levels, let alone show any improvement that we would continue on and continue to pay down the debt we said we were going to in the second half. So we'll continue to watch it, and as visibility improves, we'll act accordingly.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Just want to start off with a quick housekeeping item. Just given the strong design win pipeline that's unfolding in your compute offload or cloud ASIC business, is that now annualizing greater than $500 million per year? Because we're just hearing that the demand pull here is strong. And then for my main question, on the uncertainties on the prior full year outlook, your infrastructure business is all mission critical. Your large customers will spend here typically in good times and in bad. And just as important, I believe that your infrastructure software business is 80% to 85% ratable revenue, so fairly predictable annuity-like revenues over multiple quarters. Is that what is driving the confidence on the sustainability on the software business in the second half?
Hock Tan: Absolutely. As I indicated earlier, this infrastructure software is all largely, as you say correctly, mission-critical applications running the processes, running the transactions of the largest 500 companies in the world. We have to keep doing business, and these are multi-year contracts with fixed committed payment revenue structures. So yes, that's a nice  that's a  in a way, that's a very nice thing about having this slug of infrastructure software within our product portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me to ask the question. Hock, I appreciate the uncertainty from COVID-19 being the rationale for pulling the full fiscal year guide. It sounds like for fiscal 2Q, though, you're characterizing that as a somewhat normal seasonal quarter, so I'm just kind of curious if you're putting any cushion in for the fiscal 2Q guide. And are you all at all worried that your customers are perhaps not pulling orders from you because they're concerned about your ability to supply and that we end up having some excess inventory in 90 days?
Hock Tan: Interesting question. As I indicated in my remarks, we pretty much for Q2 and we are just about almost halfway through Q2 fiscal 2020. As you know, Q2 will end, end of April for us. We pretty much have line of sight. In others, we have backlog. And we have clear visibility on how we're going to produce those parts and who are going to take those parts. So that's pretty much the basis of our focus and, as we call it, our confidence.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to know what kind of leverage level you need to maintain your investment-grade rating potentially as EBITDA may be coming down. And how are you thinking about the dividend next year if free cash flow is, say, down year-over-year in 2020 given you  it's a 12 and 12.5,12 and 12-month free cash flow formula that goes into it?
Tom Krause: Yes, Stacy. It's Tom. I think on the leverage levels, what we had gone into the year looking at was maintaining roughly 3 to 3.5 times leverage on a pro forma basis with Symantec. That included the pro forma contribution from an EBITDA perspective, over $1 billion from Symantec as well as some debt pay down by the end of the year. So that largely is intact, frankly. I think, as you also know, we came off of a cyclical downturn in semis last year and at least through the first half. As we discussed, we're  frankly, we're flat to  if anything, on the semi side and CA actually is up So from an EBITDA standpoint, it would take quite a bit of a drop in the organic business, very meaningful drop actually where EBITDA would actually be down year-over-year, especially given the Symantec contribution. So I think from a leverage level standpoint and as it relates to our rating profile, we feel pretty comfortable. On the dividend, I think it's premature. Obviously, we talked about the cash flows. We've discussed sort of where cash flows are in the first half, and we're running near $5 billion second half. Even in some downside scenarios, I think are going to hold up reasonably well. And so when you look at the cash flow performance even on a relative basis to last year when you include restructuring costs, we're actually going to be up as well in that downside scenario. So things would have to get a lot worse where we'd be looking at changing our dividend policy. In fact, I think what I would tell you is we usually look at the fundamentals of the business and are any of these businesses changing meaningfully relative to the fundamentals. We'd see that of course. And so we're pretty committed to the dividend as you can expect, and the cash flows are there to support that.
Hock Tan: Another way of putting that, Stacy, is  to sum that simply, in a way, we've got two tailwinds here. One is, 2020, we are integrating and improving contribution of Symantec to our EBITDA, and that's adding on for sure. On revenue of close to $1.8 billion, EBITDA is adding on. And the second thing in our semiconductors, we begin 2020 with low set of numbers anyway in terms of a downturn in the cycle that we're emerging from. So it's  that too helps the fact that we will have an opportunity to offset any impact from COVID-19.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just curious by end market if you can maybe comment on, obviously, enterprise went through some inventory correction. It seems like it's getting a bit better from a supply chain perspective. And the data center is quite strong, so I was wondering if you can just comment what you're seeing in those two end markets across your business?
Hock Tan: I would love to answer that question, actually, before COVID-19. At this point now, it might seem fairly, I call it, delusional. But let me tell you  since you asked, I'll answer. Before this  the impact of what we're seeing today from COVID-19, you're right. The business, the semiconductor business I pointed out had  has been nicely recovering. Still, in some ways, if you look at numbers, Q1 and Q2, as we say, it reflects that. It's been  it is recovering. In fact, Q4 last year, if you take the semiconductor solutions segment, year-on-year was down 7% Q4 2019. Q1 just passed, for 2020, we're down 4%. And our guidance now for Q2 2020 is virtually flat from a year ago. You see that recovery. Now it's still gradual, and we had hoped the second half to be accelerated for the reasons you mentioned above, which is data center spending, which had been more muted before starting to accelerate. And you would say that, that should have limited  should be impacted on a more limited indirect basis by COVID-19. The only thing I'll turn to you is we don't know for sure. Hence, our  I would say, we put in a very prudent position. We don't know. But you think it's the consumer that had hit less the infrastructure, data centers, but this  the things that are going on was still very unclear. Visibility on how people behave, our enterprises, our cloud guys would change their spending behavior, still not very clear. But pre-COVID-19, you're right. There is a clear distinct recovery from the bottom of 2019.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking the question. Hock, you mentioned that after careful consideration, you guys decided to keep the RF business and invest in the business long-term. I was hoping you could provide a little more color in terms of what went into the thought process? Was it basically that long-term agreement with your largest customer that sort of pinned down your decision? Or were there any other changes in terms of how you think about the market long-term or your competitive position long-term, the profitability of that business? Or does it have more to do with the valuation, the price that others were perhaps willing to pay? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Very good point. You hit on most of the reasons, except the last couple, which are not  it's not the case. But yes, with the  after  don't forget, we may have called it in the last earnings call as financial assets. We didn't say noncore. We call them financial assets. Doesn't change the fact these have been  continues to be franchises. These are product franchises, the way we define. That means strong technology. We are, by far, in the lead and we have a good position. And we continue to be in that position. And the market, especially with 5G phones coming in with the plethora of difficult spectral bands that require our filters, our unique filters that all drive to a sustainability of the franchise, and one really, I guess, come to terms with changing our mind to large extent is the fact that there is now clarity and certainty of a long-term road map and very strong market position with respect to high-end next-generation 5G phones. So all that relates to it. But it has less or nothing to do, in fact, what value we can achieve out of it. I can say more, but it definitely was not the last part.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity.
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. Between your move to annual  from annual to quarterly guides and your comments about the larger impact of the coronavirus on retail and infrastructure, does that imply that most of your uncertainty in the second half of the year has more to do with wireless and, say, with your networking, it's certainly not infrastructure software and mostly about maybe timing given that it's got such a big impact on your wireless business? And then, Tom, given the steep decline in valuations especially in the software sector here, is it  have you studied the accretive trade-off between shifting more of your resources maybe to acquisitions sooner than you might have expected given that you can see a bigger boost on the side? Or is it just steady as you go until you build a big enough cash pile to feel more comfortable with it? Thanks.
Tom Krause: Let me take the first part, which is, hey, in this environment, given where everything is, we're focused on running the business. We're focused on liquidity. We're focused on our capital returns. I think, at least for the time being, M&A is off the table until visibility improves. That's all I'll say there.
Hock Tan: And on the second, Ed, you know the answer as well as I do. So I won't  I don't need to expand or comment on it.
Operator: Okay. Our next question will come from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks for taking the question. I guess I wanted to ask on the Symantec contribution and your expectations going forward. You mentioned that you would expect to see the revenue kind of trajectory ramp through the course of this year. Can you help us understand how that ramp might look from here relative to the $400 million? And where do you stand on kind of just the integration efforts? What's been done? Or more importantly, what's still in front of us? And how do we think about that from an operating expense perspective?
Tom Krause: Sure, it's Tom. Things are progressing well. It's a unique deal. It's an asset purchase. We took the decision to drive integration quickly. We're well ahead from an operating expense standpoint. So I think, by and large, we're off to a decent start. On the revenue side relative to CA, Symantec had a bit more on the  in the form of perpetual licenses. When we brought the business over, we did take a purchase accounting haircut, which is reflected in the numbers.  We also have successfully sold the managed services business. We're getting set to close that with Accenture, so that's a good thing. And so what I think you'll see is as bookings continue to come online and we move into not only the second quarter but in the second half, that we'll continue to progress toward the $1.8 billion run rate that we articulated last quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler.
Harsh Kumar: Yes. So a question on your software business, Hock. You're building the software complex of companies that are targeting top enterprise customers. These businesses under previous management didn't grow very much. They were flat, maybe 1% growth at best. How fast do you think these businesses can grow under your umbrella? Outside of being better managers, what are you guys bringing to the table to enable this better growth?
Hock Tan: Well, yes, we have some limited data to  that we have been able to achieve. That, of course, doesn't mean this is something we'll go through forever, but it's pretty in line with what we set out to achieve. And that was  we have over one year of operation of CA under our belt today. CA comprises, as you know, the mainframe, software and various distributed software and  distributor software as it relates to dev ops, automation and business operation together. And we reported Q1  this past Q1, CA having hitting revenues of $880 million in that one quarter, revenues for that. And this is ratable revenue. That's how we measure this revenue. So none of this perpetual, $606 million acceleration, flat revenues, $880 million and that's a 5% increase from a year ago. And to us, that's the kind of level we hope to sustain going forward, that we grow this very, very embedded infrastructure software business at a rate  it's a rate in the mid single-digits. And I'm very pleased that we're able to do that in  for CA now. We expect to be able to put the same business model, financial model into the Symantec business and do the same. And one way we see is that this $7 billion a year of infrastructure software, and that includes Brocade, of course, will over long-term grow in the mid-single digits and be extremely profitable for us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein: Great, thank you for taking my question. Hock, you said earlier in the call in your prepared remarks that there has been no change to bookings. You said orders, I think they're essentially the same thing. But in years, certainly in decades past, that would have been quite a meaningful statement given what's been going on with COVID in the last couple of weeks. I wonder if something has changed in the way your customers manage the supply chain that would make this maybe not as meaningful. In other words, how much optimism should we as analysts or investors draw from that comment as it relates to sort of beyond just the next few weeks with medium-term outlook?
Hock Tan: Don't forget, there's  this  there is just a limited horizon on the way those bookings are. So you are looking at a very limited horizon and limited visibility because the bookings are only over a certain period of time. We're not talking of bookings that run out to the end of this calendar year. We don't book that far ahead. So on that limited horizon of bookings, we're seeing in  it's what is not discernible. Another way I'm phrasing it is any significant change in the way the pattern of booking we have been seeing over the past couple of months or so. That has not changed. Neither have we seen any cancellations is what I mean on the orders that are  on any of the backlog that's been placed on us  on our books today. That's as much as I would put it at this point. What  beyond that, in that horizon, we're not making any guesses or making  and giving you any direct information as to what might happen. But what we have on our books, we are not in cancellations. Whatever we have seen on the level of bookings and the pattern of booking, we have not seen any dramatic change.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets.
Mitch Steves: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I hate to circle back to kind of the COVID-19 impact, but you guys kind of mentioned you're talking about maybe a 5% to 10% decline. I don't expect the number from this. But how do we think about the business lines and in terms of what business lines do you guys think will be most impacted if this doesn't get solved quickly? And maybe some sort of view, I guess, on the handset shipments you guys expected for the full year and how you're thinking about that changing given what we know now?
Tom Krause: Yes. Mitch, this is Tom. I think in order of most impacted to least impacted, it's probably pretty self-explanatory, but the consumer and consumer discretion-related end markets like phones, I think, are going to be the most impacted potentially. And certainly, with the expected 5G ramp, as Hock was talking about, any pushouts there would have some meaningful impact in the second half of the year, particularly in Q4. Less so is, on the infrastructure side. we've talked a lot about the cloud and how spend likely should hang in there. In fact, you could paint a picture that some of the COVID-19 activity in terms of social distancing would actually suggest it could improve. Broadband certainly could improve as well for that matter. And then, of course, on the software side, it's a high level of recurring revenue. These companies, whether it be CA or now Symantec, it's 100% recurring. It's three-year ratable contracts almost exclusively, and so we have a lot of visibility on that front. And so we'll see how it plays out, but I would say the only area where you could probably be most concerned would be more on the consumer-related items at this point.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session as well as today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-12-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Beatrice Russotto, Director of Investor Relations of Broadcom. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Beatrice Russotto: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tom Krause, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom.  After the market closed, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2019. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's website at broadcom.com.  This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be available via telephone playback for 1 week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com.  During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tom will be providing details of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2019 results, guidance for fiscal year 2020 and commentary regarding the business environment. We'll take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call.  In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Bea. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining today. Now we concluded fiscal year 2019 with record revenue of $22.6 billion, growing 8% year-over-year despite a challenging environment. Our semiconductor solutions segment declined 8% year-over-year, but this was more than offset by our infrastructure software segment benefiting from the integration and healthy results from the CA business. In semiconductors, almost all product lines were down year-on-year, with one clear exception, and that's networking, where the existing growth drivers continue their strong momentum. In infrastructure software, renewals in our core accounts grew double digits, which more than offset the expected attrition in our noncore accounts. Now as we embark on fiscal 2020, I want to provide you some insight into our latest strategic assessment of our semiconductor businesses and our current view of the market. I also want to give you an update on our software business, including our latest Symantec acquisition. I'm sure you have seen the guidance in our earnings release today that we are headed towards $25 billion in revenue in 2020. And I'll let Tom go through the details on how we get there.  But before I turn this over to him, let me now give you the broader picture. So when we look at our semiconductor segment today, we are increasingly thinking about it as a core and fabless semiconductor business that consists of networking, broadband and storage connectivity products, focused on enterprise service providers and cloud infrastructure. Here, we get a lot of strategic synergies and scale across our end markets with our customers and with our core silicon technology. This in turn drives efficiencies in our sales, R&D and supply chain activities. Our infrastructure software businesses, which focus primarily on large enterprises are, in fact, quite complementary and enhance these core semi businesses by bringing us closer to our end customers. This gives us a natural barrier to entry and gives us comfort that we can drive sustainable revenue growth and improve profitability long term.  Alongside these core semiconductor businesses, we have several valuable semiconductor businesses that are much more stand-alone in nature due to their unique customers, technology and supply chain characteristics. Now this will include our wireless businesses and our industrial businesses. We don't have the same kind of synergies with this as we do in our core semi business.  Increasingly, we view this business as more financial assets, especially in terms of capital allocation, balance sheet optimization and how we choose to leverage resources and manage the company.  Turning to our current assessment for our core semi business, it's extremely positive. We believe we are uniquely positioned with an industry-leading portfolio, extending connectivity across enterprise, telcos and cloud, in data center switching and routing. We're enabling the cloud with the transition to 400-gigabit per second. We also just announced 800-gigabit per second, which further demonstrates our leadership in this space by far.  In 5G cellular infrastructure, we are leveraging our ethernet technology to bring the network to the Edge in open RAN or radio access networks through a combination of custom and standard products across both analog and digital domains.  And as we know, as Moore's Law for computing starts to slow down as it has, we continue to gain momentum in developing and delivering hardware accelerators to offload computing for the cloud service providers across an increasing variety of workloads, initially with virtualization, hypervisors and expanding today to AI, security, encryption and video transcoding. And in wireless access in enterprise and home gateways, we are of course leading the market transition to WiFi 6.  And finally, we actually do have now an organic integrated silicon photonics effort underway, combining our capabilities in switching with our strong legacy in fiber optics for next-generation cloud and networking architectures.  So in summary, we plan to increase our investment in our core semiconductor businesses to position ourselves for expected future growth opportunities, where we can leverage our scale of investment, industry-leading focused execution and breadth of IP. Now we all know it has been a tough year for semiconductors in general, with our semiconductor segment down approximately 8% as I indicated. But if you look at our core semi business, as I define it, it has held up reasonably well. To put some numbers around it, this business did a little over $11 billion in sales in 2019, which was down just less than 4% from 2018.  We think this business is stabilizing. And we believe given the growth drivers I just highlighted over the next several years that this business can actually grow 6% to 8% annually.  Turning to infrastructure software. We started a few years ago with Brocade, a storage area networking switch business. Then we acquired CA, which is a leading independent provider of mainframe tools, and we just closed on Symantec, the leading enterprise security software provider in November.  Our Brocade acquisition was predicated on view that a fiber channel SAN switching market for large enterprises was sustainable and that we could just grow our leadership position with additional investment. And after a couple of years now, it's fairly clear this investment thesis was right.  Similarly, we bought CA because we felt the mainframe market for the launch of enterprises was stable and, in fact, growing, and that CA was critical to customers who rely on mainframes to run their businesses. It's still early innings one year now, just over one year, but mainframe compute is growing with our target customers. We are increasing investments in mainframes to support our leadership position.  The CA customer transition continues with core accounts growing double digits while noncore accounts attrite as we had planned. We expect Symantec to start with $1.8 billion of core sustainable incremental annual run rate revenue that we believe we can grow to over $2 billion over the next 3 years.  Our infrastructure software segment is becoming more predictable with ratable recurring revenue contribution from CA and now also with Symantec. And we anticipate over $7 billion infrastructure software revenue in fiscal 2020.  In summary, therefore, our long-term plan for this company is to invest in organic growth in our core semi business while continuing to scale up our infrastructure software business through disciplined and highly accretive acquisitions.  Now let me turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Krause: Thank you, Hock. Let me start with a review of our fourth quarter and fiscal 2019 results. I'll then spend some time discussing our outlook for fiscal 2020, after which we will open up the call for questions. Consolidated net revenue for the fourth quarter was $5.8 billion, a 6% increase from a year ago. Semiconductor solutions revenue was $4.6 billion and represented 79% of our total revenue this quarter. This was down 7% year-on-year and up 5% quarter-over-quarter.  On a sequential basis, networking sustained driven by an uptick in our custom silicon solutions. Storage also held up driven by increased demand for high-capacity drives. This was offset by increased volatility in broadband, especially as the market prepares for the WiFi 6 transition. And as is typical in our fourth fiscal quarter, wireless was seasonally up. Revenue for the infrastructure software segment was $1.2 billion and represented 21% of revenue. The CA business continues to perform well. SAN switching demand remains muted as our partner OEM supply chain continues to compress.  That being said, the SAN switching business was up from the Q3 low points, and the market for these products looks to be stabilizing. Looking down the P&L sequentially. Gross margins dropped given the seasonal mix shift to wireless in our semi business, while operating expenses remained relatively flat at just over $1 billion.  Operating income from continuous operations was $3 billion and represented 52.3% of net revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.2 billion and represented 54.8% of net revenue. This figure excludes $143 million of depreciation. I would also note that we accrued $119 million of restructuring/integration expenses and made $150 million of cash restructuring/integration payments in the quarter. These expenses and payments are primarily related to CA.  We spent $96 million on capital expenditures, and free cash flow represented 41% of revenue or $2.4 billion. In the quarter, we returned $1.6 billion to our common stockholders, including $1.1 billion of cash dividends. As we previewed when we announced the Symantec deal, in Q4, we initiated the transition from stock buybacks to debt repayment. In the quarter, we invested $587 million for the repurchase and elimination of 2.1 million AVGO shares. However, we also paid down $4.8 billion of debt with proceeds from our preferred stock offering and excess cash flow. We ended the quarter with $5.1 billion of cash, $32.8 billion of total debt, 398 million outstanding common shares and 444 million fully diluted shares for the quarter.  Now let's recap performance for the full fiscal year 2019. Our revenue hit a new record of $22.6 billion, growing 8% year-on-year. Semiconductor solutions revenue was $17.4 billion, down 8% year-over-year. As Hock reviewed, revenue from our core semiconductor business, which does not include wireless and industrial, was down 4%. Infrastructure software revenue was $5.2 billion, which included $3.4 billion from CA mainframe and enterprise and $1.8 billion from Brocade SAN switching.  Gross margin for the year was a record high 71%, up from 67% a year ago. The addition of CA as well as the beneficial mix in semiconductor product sales drove the gross margin expansion. Additionally, operating expenses expanded to $4.1 billion with the addition of CA, offset by lower annual performance bonus amounts relative to 2018.  Operating income from continuing operations was $11.9 billion, up 14.4% year-over-year and represented 52.8% of net revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $12.6 billion, up 13.5% year-over-year and represented 55.7% of net revenue. This figure excludes $569 million of depreciation. I would also note that we accrued $1.1 billion of restructuring/integration expenses and made $883 million of cash restructuring/integration payments in fiscal 2019. We spent $432 million on capital expenditures, and free cash flow represented 41% of revenue or $9.3 billion. Free cash flow grew 12.4% year-over-year. For the year, we returned $10.6 billion to our common stockholders, consisting of $4.2 billion in the form of cash dividends and $6.4 billion for the repurchase and elimination of 24.5 million AVGO shares.  Okay. So now let's look ahead to fiscal 2020. The outlook for our business is as follows. In the semiconductor solutions segment, we expect to achieve approximately $18 billion in revenue. Let me unpack this a bit. We expect our core semiconductor business to deliver approximately $12 billion in revenues in 2020, which would represent approximately 7% growth compared to 2019. Our wireless businesses which, let me remind everybody, consists of 3 primary product lines: one is RF; the other is WiFi/Bluetooth combos; and finally, our mixed signal custom products, which we sell almost exclusively to one of our large smartphone customers.  RF, which represented approximately $2.2 billion of revenues in fiscal 2019 is expected to grow high single digits given the initial ramp in 5G phones. WiFi/Bluetooth combos, which was approximately $2.2 billion in fiscal 2019, is expected to be down low single digits. The adoption of new WiFi 6 solutions at our 2 large smartphone customers will be offset by the completion of our movement away from noncore, lower-margin legacy WiFi business, which will adversely impact this product line's 2022 revenues.  Finally, our mixed signal custom product line, which was approximately $1.1 billion in fiscal 2019, is expected to drop to less than $500 million in fiscal 2020. The reduction in revenues here is driven by a change in architecture at our primary smartphone customer as well as our decision to reduce our investment in this area and focus our engineering resources on more sustainable and profitable activities in our core semi business. Finally, industrial, which consists primarily of optoelectronic power management and sensing product lines, we expect business will stabilize and recover in fiscal '20 after a challenging fiscal 2019 and to contribute approximately $1 billion in revenues.  Switching to the software segment. As Hock reviewed, we expect the business to grow to approximately $7 billion. Symantec is expected to contribute approximately $1.8 billion, including the effects of purchase accounting, while CA and Brocade are expected to be relatively flat to up slightly.  So on a consolidated basis, we are forecasting net revenue to be approximately $20 billion -- $25 billion, excuse me, plus or minus $500 million for fiscal 2020.  One housekeeping item, our IP or intellectual property segment will be included in our semi solutions segment going forward given this business represented a material amount of revenue. We'll therefore have 2 reporting segments in fiscal '20, semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software.  Turning to our fiscal year 2020 guidance. On a non-GAAP basis, operating margins and adjusted EBITDA margins are expected to be relatively flat in fiscal '20. There are a number of specific headwinds. As Hock discussed, we are increasing our investment near term in our core semi business to take advantage of growth opportunities we see there. We're also in a transition year with Symantec given effects of purchase accounting near term and onetime expenses tied to the transition services agreement in place with Norton LifeLock. And finally, we will have a headwind from our bonus accrual. We'll be setting a target, which impacts 2020.  Looking beyond fiscal '20, we expect to continue to expand our operating margins organically and are targeting 55% by fiscal 2022. Now on to capital allocation. We remain committed to returning approximately 50% of our prior year free cash flow to stockholders in the form of cash dividends. With that, on the dividend, based on approximately $9 billion of free cash flow after M&A and related items that we generated in fiscal 2019, we are increasing our target quarterly common stock cash dividend starting this quarter to $3.25 per share. This constitutes an increase of 23%. We plan to maintain this dividend payout throughout the year, subject to quarterly Board approval, which means we plan to pay out just over $5 billion in cash dividends in fiscal '20.  Consistent with our capital allocation policy, we will reassess the dividend this time next year based on our fiscal '20 free cash flow from operations results. In addition, we plan to pay down approximately $4 billion in debt in fiscal '20 as part of our commitment to maintain our investment-grade credit rating.  That concludes my prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions]. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Harlan Sur with JP Morgan.
Harlan Sur: One of the areas obviously which has been a strong growth driver for the team in 2019 as you mentioned, Hock, has been cloud and hyperscale data center networking and compute acceleration. You got Tomahawk, Trident, Jericho, your compute and security acceleration, ASICs and the new optical connectivity portfolio. There was a bit of pause in cloud spending in the first half of this year, but it looks like that, that is starting to reaccelerate and looking to be strong in 2020. You also have the start of the 400-gig upgrade cycle. So for fiscal '20, how do you see the data center part of your semi franchise performing relative to 2019? Is this going to be another strong year?  And then just secondarily, one of your customers, Cisco, just announced that they're getting into the merchant silicon market for cloud networking. You guys have a strong position here and, in fact, have helped these guys, both merchant and ASIC on their networking platforms. It would be great to get your views on this customer now as a potential competitor.
Hock Tan: Well, let's start with the first part of your question, which is how do we see 2020 business for networking. And there are 2 parts to each of these, as you know. There's the cloud guys, service provider and cloud guys, and there is the more traditional enterprise. And we see spending in the cloud guys, as you correctly pointed out, stepping up more and more in 2020. We've seen some of it this year, calendar -- in the later part of calendar '19 in investment in storage, and we will start to see in 2020 spending on networking to start ramping up, especially with regard to 200-gigabit and 400-gigabit, especially in the second half of the year, which will be great for us because of our product portfolio, Tomahawk 3 and even Trident 4, in these areas as well as, of course, the spine. So to us, we see 2020 as continue growth momentum basically in our data center business, especially when it relates to cloud. In enterprise, we are not so sure. Enterprise has clearly taken a pause second half of '19, calendar '19, and we see that pause probably continuing for a while into '20 before possibly, in our thinking, slowly recovering later half of 2020 for enterprise. And that's -- I mean there's a clear difference in the spending. And with respect to one of our very good customers turning into -- coming into merchant silicon with the recent announcement, I think yesterday, on One Silicon -- or the Silicon One and the Router 8000, I think it's -- we welcome that because it validates couple of things we've been pushing for years. One of which is that there will be and there has been and will be more and more disaggregation of software, the operating system, from hardware, the silicon, the chip that supports it. There will be more and more disaggregation. As you know, traditionally, it's all wrapped into a black box as one. That disaggregation path has obviously been pushed, and we have enabled that by the cloud guys, the hypercloud guys. And we have been very successful enabling it, and that's great. So the fact that Cisco has joined it, in our view, validates the model, the trend we have been pushing. And it's great to see that we're right in that regard. So we'll welcome the competition.  I just want to add it's not only in cloud that we're seeing that happen. It's also in enterprise, traditional enterprise, particularly some of the large telcos who you classify as cloud, too, and I don't need to mention names, but a few of the very large telcos, both in North America and in Europe are also pushing down that path with us very, very closely. And they're very -- and some of them are very far along, especially -- and we're using our Jericho 2 router to enable it. And talking of which, that Jericho 2 router, which we're using today to enable the path of those telcos, enterprises towards disaggregation of hardware and software, has been around, and we've been shipping it for over a year. And that runs 10 terabits per second. The same bandwidth as Silicon One announced yesterday.  And earlier this week, we announced as a future successor 25.6-terabit per second switching and routing. And that's where we're pushing now, 2.5x the performance of what just came out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: A question on the Symantec business, the $1.8 billion starting point. Can you talk about if there's any impact there of any divestitures you might be considering? And then once getting past that, just comment around do you think you can grow it from that level? What are some of the growth drivers that you see in the Symantec side of the business?
Thomas Krause: Craig, it's Tom. I think we talked about this in the past. We take the original run rate, which is about a $2.4 billion run rate on the enterprise business. We're going to focus on core accounts in terms of investment and where we're going to try to drive our combined strategy with CA and Symantec. We're also going to rationalize the portfolio around some of the noncore businesses, especially in the areas of services. So when we take that into account as well as some of the effects on purchase accounting, which is a couple of hundred million dollars, we're going to start a run rate of about $1.8 billion. And then we think we can grow that. It's obviously a growing market. We've talked a lot about the growth of the market. We've talked about the three core franchises, the endpoint protection, DLP and the web proxy area. We think those three areas focused on core large accounts will allow us to continue to grow the business over the next several years, and we should comfortably exit year 3 at a run rate over $2 billion.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: I actually wanted to dig into the fiscal '20 guidance and the 2 aspects of what, Hock, are you baking in for trade tensions and kind of the return of shipments to Huawei or other Chinese customers. And the other aspect, you are now classifying wireless as a financial asset rather than what has been kind of a core strategic asset. And I'm not sure what the implications are longer term for Broadcom.
Hock Tan: To answer the latter question, not -- short term, nothing has changed. It's available asset. And it's still there, we are still investing and making sure it sustains itself. It's just that we are highlighting it as a fact that it's -- that differentiated from the core semiconductor sets of products, portfolio of products, we're highlighting there is a difference and -- because those are stand-alone franchises. And it gives you a sense how powerful those technology and franchises are that they can stand-alone, fairly large size in these markets. But as we look at all our portfolio companies, they are assets and franchises and where we particularly highlight for this purposes of this review while we pull out costs and misses. There's a lot of synergies. There's a lot of push in data centers, networking, and it covers both cloud and enterprises and covers both hardware and increasingly software operating systems, like eventually even infrastructure software.  And we want to highlight that difference and highlight the difference, in particular, to show you that in those core areas of data centers, we don't drop as much as the marketplace, as we saw in 2019, where year-on-year organically, we're down only 4%. And that we expect some -- in 2020 to actually grow -- recover fairly quickly to mid- to high single digits year-on-year. Very fast in this end market because the environment is -- in the market, the environment is good. And we lead it by a long shot. We lead in providing the technology, which is another interesting thing between selling systems and selling components. Components, be it software, be it semiconductor solution, is driven a lot by technology, good, strong technology which can be applied to allow customers to create differentiated systems.  Selling systems, as a final in software, is very much a relationship business, a very embedded software, where the key is service and support as opposed to technology, to get to that difference. But that's really what we're trying to show here. That's why we highlight the strength of our core semiconductor network franchise.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: I guess a two pronged question. The 7% growth you're talking about and what you're now calling core, from an answer to an earlier question, it seems like networking is a big portion of that. But can you talk through a little bit about the other moving parts, broadband, et cetera? And then within the WiFi/Bluetooth combo side of the, I guess wireless business, can you give us a little more color on what's happening with why that's going down low single digits year-over-year? And when you bought that asset, people thought you might have gotten rid of it and divested it. Then you seem to really like the differentiation, the sustainability. Now it seems like it might be somewhere between those 2 viewpoints. So a little color would be helpful.
Hock Tan: That's a good point. On our core semiconductor business, touching on the first part of it, obviously networking is -- especially merchant silicon in networking has been a very strong driver. And particularly so in the latter part of '19 when enterprise spending slowed down, and it has stabilized, but it has definitely slowed down. And -- but cloud starts to recover, and the various -- the portfolio, the various positions we have -- product portfolio we have in all these areas allows us on balance to mitigate quite a bit this slowdown. And the big -- one the of biggest area that allows mitigation to any slowdown in networking, as you've seen, is compute offload. Here, this is very much a cloud spend. And the biggest area of mitigation, it continues to be AI. We ship AI chips, provides one of the biggest segment for opportunities, I should say, for compute offload business. And this is a real business now. We're shipping several hundred million dollars a year and growing of these AI chips.  We are also starting to emerge in a few other areas as in virtualization or hypervisor, and we all typically call Smart NIC. But that, we're starting to see happen. And that's also in cloud. And in enterprise, the move towards higher bandwidth mix, performance mix, is also helping clients there.  So there's a whole slew of things in data centers that mitigate each other. Having said that, in 2019, especially second half, broadband. We are very big in this area. The video delivery in cable in -- which are in DSL, digital subscriber line copper, or PON, fiber to the home, slowed down second half '19. We're now seeing, as we approach the end of the year, a lot of great momentum as telcos seem to recover their spending in broadband, and we're seeing a very sharp recovery. When all this mix is put together, broadband, we see as far as a market, that's very stable, go through cycles with an underlying push on WiFi access as more and more of this access gateways are now deploying WiFi, as I say, especially the next-generation WiFi 6. So that creates a little degree of growth.  But broadband in general, stable, goes through cycles and sometimes will offset it. But the data center networking business is a secular growth area, and that's why we talked about stepping up our investment in this area. And that's the other reason we want to highlight on the call, that we are actually investing, increasing the level of investment as a percent of revenue, as an example, in this particular area. And that includes our foray into silicon photonics, which is intended to enable integration of the silicon switch, together with fiber optic interconnects as we move from 25.6-gigabit per second routing to the next gen, 2 years from now, 51-terabit per second. It's so high density, I think we need that integration, and we're preparing towards that direction.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mitch Steves with RBC Capital Markets.
Mitchell Steves: I kind of wanted to go into the operating margin side of the equation, you guys are talking about 55%. But given the fact that you guys have got more software assets and it seems like your integration is going well as well, is there any reason why that couldn't be higher? I guess, why is it so, I guess, muted relative to the mix improving on the software side?
Hock Tan: Well, I figured one way -- I thought 55% sounds pretty good. I mean we're moving from what is around 52%, getting to 53% over the next 3 years to 55%. It's like -- something out 3 years is a trajectory. And we believe we are well on that trajectory. And you're right, you get to more than 55%, but we figured 55% is a nice target milestone to land in. And we may get there in 2 years instead of 3.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder: Hock, in terms of the Symantec acquisition, it seems to me you kind of set this up a little bit different, a lot of the cost savings will be done before you get there in terms of kind of downsizing some of the assets that you don't need. Should we expect that some of the -- that you should see synergies from this accelerate -- or not accelerate, but show up sooner than we have with like CA and some of the other ones? I know it's -- I'm not looking for guidance. I'm just trying to get a feel for how you're seeing the synergies play out for CA. I know you talked about the revenue side of it, too. But what we can expect, because I'm doing quarterly models now, just trying to get an idea of what that impact would be on cash flow in the second half of your fiscal year.
Hock Tan: Okay. That's a very good question actually, and to different -- to show the difference between the CA and Symantec because there is a clear difference. To begin with the structure of the deal, CA, we bought the whole company. And then we have to sit there, watch you guys -- you guys watch us as we restructure, and that does take longer to get to an end state, which we're not quite there yet, by the way, but getting closer into the CA integration unlike Symantec. Symantec is a carve-out of an asset. So you're right. It will get us to the end state quicker -- it will as we expand. But in the short term, we had to handle transition services agreements from the RemainCo, Norton LifeLock, while we work through that. And there will be probably 6 months of transition services arrangements before we're out of it. But then we get to -- because we only take the assets we really want and the people we really want, you'll see us get there faster. And that's where we expect to be able to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Ramsay with Cowen.
Matthew Ramsay: Hock, in some of your comments, you talked about the new Cisco platform and the performance level that your switching and routing solutions have that are significantly higher than that. I wonder if you might talk a little bit about the mix of business in your switching and routing business, which pieces of revenue are at the highest performance points and what the tiering looks like within that stack, just to understand a little bit about what percentage of your business there might be competition with and which parts are super differentiated at those highest performance points?
Hock Tan: I'm not a technologist to be able to delve in the level you want to. Would be happy to take it separately. But broadly, let me try to answer the question. We have a pretty broad portfolio in our switching and routing business. And by the way, the differentiation between switching and routing, the way we are architecting it is rapidly going away. It's how much more features you put in one versus the other, which is what differentiates between the Tomahawk and the Trident product line, not trying to confuse people. But in broad terms, we have very high -- we are -- we have a whole portfolio that range from very high-end spine, which is routing, top of the rank switching, very high-end throughputs, all the way down to campus, which is more lower end, and we have a whole range of portfolio products that are -- I would say that are created to match each segment we are in. And it cuts across the whole range, from very high end, hyper cloud, and even routing for operators like the Jericho 2 and beyond, all the way down to very low-end campus switching routing, which are chips that are relatively simpler. And our strength is our ability to leverage across this entire portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
Christopher Muse: I guess wanted to just revisit the operating margin side. And if you could speak to, I guess the moving parts in terms of how fast you expect to kind of cost down on Symantec and perhaps what increased investments might look like on the OpEx side to help us really understand the drivers of that flat guide?
Thomas Krause: C.J., it's Tom. I'll take that. So as we outlined on the call, I think the -- there's sort of 3 major pieces. But we do have a couple hundred million dollar headwind in our annual performance bonus target because we under accrued in '19 given that we didn't hit our numbers. So that's one, it's a technical one, but it matters. The other is we are increasing investment, a, couple of hundred million dollars in the semiconductor business as well. So that's another headwind.  And then from a Symantec perspective, this is a business that was doing a couple hundred million dollars of EBITDA when we bought it. We're going to enter the year day 1 with obviously a much more elevated EBITDA figure, which we'll report on next quarter. But I think when you think about the TSA elements and some of the other restructuring items, there, you have another couple hundred million dollars that you have to get through as we look through the year.  So I would think of it in those 3 equal parts. And then if you back that out and then you think about some of the organic growth that we're driving in core semis, we still have margin expansion. We've talked about this a lot over the years in terms of where we can take gross margins in our core semiconductor business, and the scale advantages that delivers in terms of the operating margin line. That's how we get to the 55% target over the next 3 years.
Operator: And today's final question will come from William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein: Great. I want to say I like that 55% margin target. But the question relates to 5G. Hock, I think you talked about the pace of growth in -- pardon me, the pace of growth as it relates to 5G and handsets. Can you address your exposure to 5G infrastructure?
Hock Tan: Oh, absolutely. Yes. I think a lot of discussion have been a lot on 5G handset which, as Tom mentioned, especially in our RF side, RF division, we're very, very much in it. And it's great to the point where we expect to grow 19 to 20 because of content increase. But with respect to infrastructure, we are getting a lot of traction. And I indicated in my opening remarks, and we've been very specific in the base station as a best example. I call it radio access network. It's really -- another term is base station. And the base station for 5G networks to improve latency, to improve density throughput, the architect, the operators are pushing the network, the backhaul, all the network that takes a signal from the base station, they're pushing that right to the edge, which is into the base station. In other words, ethernet is likely to be under open RAN, the open base RAN, we'll push as far as possible into the radios. And you really run the entire line end-to-end as much as you can on ethernet.  Even CPRI, which is typically the protocol that's used between the radio -- in the radio is now being minimized and squeezed out as opposed to just running a common higher bandwidth ethernet, which is, by the way, plays right up to our switching strength, routing and switching strength. So we are very engaged now with OEMs in those -- on infrastructure side, in developing, testing and working on the key elements within the base station. That's our push very hard into 5G infrastructure, which is to no degree, part of the increased investment in core semis that Tom indicated of at least $200 million a year, not all of it, but a big part of it.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-09-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Incorporated Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Beatrice Russotto, Director of Investor Relations of Broadcom Incorporated. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Beatrice Russotto: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tom Krause, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom. After the market closed today, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the third quarter of fiscal year 2019. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tom will be providing details of our third quarter fiscal year 2019 results, guidance for fiscal year 2019, and commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to US GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. I'll now turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Bea. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Looking at the third quarter, consolidated net revenue was $5.5 billion, a 9% increase from a year ago. Semiconductor solution revenue was $4.4 billion, down 5% year-on-year and up 6% quarter-over-quarter. Networking continued to perform well, driven by strong demand for our merchant switching and routing platforms, and as we also expected, shipments of custom silicon solutions in AI, SmartNIC, and video transcoding to cloud datacenters were strong. Wireless is of course seeing the beginning of a typical seasonal uptick and initial positive effects of increased content. These tailwinds were partially offset by weaker demand in storage and broadband. Revenue for infrastructure software was $1.1 billion. The CA business is running above our expectations, benefiting from sustained enterprise demand for our mainframe and distributed software. However, SAN switching demand has paused as our partner OEM supply chain compressed in these uncertain conditions. Now, let me address the current environment and outlook. Enterprise and mainframe software customer demand continues to remain stable, particularly in North America and Western Europe. SAN switching demand will likely continue to be down another quarter, while inventory in the OEM channels are being worked down. As it relates to semiconductors, although the US-China trade conflict continues, we have not seen further deterioration in our business, both specific to China as well as globally. Accordingly, we continue to expect to achieve over $22.5 billion of revenue in fiscal 2019, including $17.5 billion from semiconductor solutions and $5 billion from infrastructure software. Looking to next year. Infrastructure software is stable as renewals among our core customer base continue to be very solid. However, visibility continues to be very limited on the semiconductor side. So, we are managing the business with an expectation that we will continue to operate in a very low growth uncertain macro environment for the foreseeable future. Fortunately, the fundamentals of our semiconductor business remains strong. As you know, our business is all about connectivity from CPUs to memory in data centers, core to edge in networks, central office to client devices in distributed systems, and here we continue to benefit from the underlying trend in the IT world, and insatiable need for increasing bandwidth to connect things. In data centers, Tomahawk switching have gone from 3.2 terabits per second just three years ago to 12.8 terabit per second today. In cloud computing, as the limits to Moore's Law constrained CPU and GPU performance, the pipes linking computing cycles to the network and storage expense. PCI Express Gen 4 today at 16G replaces Gen 3 with the likes of next generation Rome CPU. Legacy network interface controllers, NICs as they say are becoming really intelligent, and what we now call SmartNICs and takes on the task of accelerating workloads offload from non-optimized CPU within cloud computing. Even in SAN, thats storage area network, fibre channel progresses its bandwidth at 32 gigabit per second in Generation 6 today to Generation 7 at 64 gigabit per second next year to reap the full benefit of all flash arrays in enterprise storage. And to truly connect computer storage replacing direct attach copper, fiber optics running in 100 gig -- 100 G channels are moving to 400 G as our hypercloud customers scale out data centers with Tomahawk 3 today. Turning to telco networks. Call routing has gone from 1.6 terabit per second a few years ago to 9.6 terabits as represented by our Jericho 2 router today. In broadband, cable modem with DOCSIS 3.0 at 1 gigabit today will move to DOCSIS 4.0 at 10 gigabit over the next few years as cable operators need to compete against 5G networks. So it is with DSL, digital subscriber line, we're at a mere 500 megabit per second of data flow today, you will upshift to over 1 gigabit per second in G.Fast, which may seem inadequate, so we need GPON at 2.5 gigabit, and even with that we are poised today to launch into mass markets with 10G xPON. Of course, wireless connectivity too has seen the most headline. And in enterprise access gateways, the protocol has moved from 802.11ac to the new OFDMA enable 802.11ax, otherwise called Wi-Fi 6, and we are at the cusp of cellular communication migrating from 4G to next generation 5G in radio access networks and smartphones. We are enabling these fundamental trends in the marketplace. This gives us confidence that we will continue to sustain and grow our semiconductor business over the long term. Moving on, let's talk about software, first the CA. As we mentioned, our model for CA is to focus on the 500 largest enterprises in the world, the biggest users of our infrastructure software. Based on experience through fiscal third quarter 2019, we expect our core customer business, that's up for renewal in fiscal year 2019 to grow over 20%. Meanwhile, the attrition rate of business from the long tail of customers behind this core group is anticipated to be over 10% for fiscal 2019. We have another two plus years to turn over the CA customer contract, but But based on the trends of renewal growth from these core customer base in excess of the attrition of non-core business over the last nine months, we're confident that we can meet if not exceed the long-term revenue and profitability targets that we laid out for CA to you last year when we acquired that business. Our integration activity is largely complete with operating expenses to support CA approaching target levels. Finally, let me take a few more minutes to talk about our planned acquisition of the Symantec Enterprise business announced in August. Acquiring Symantec furthers our efforts to build one of world's leading infrastructure technology platforms. It allow -- it is the logical next step in Broadcom's infrastructure software strategy, and adds $160 billion cybersecurity market to our -- to the Broadcom's addressable TAM. We will gain a portfolio of mission-critical security solutions that are deeply embedded among our core customers. There will be meaningful cross-selling opportunities with Brocade and CA solutions, and we believe this acquisition will enable Broadcom to gain a larger share of the wallet of this core customers and we expect this transaction to add more than $2 billion of sustainable run rate revenue with this leading franchises in cyber security and we also expect to achieve in excess of $1 billion in run rate cost synergies within 12 months post close. And importantly, this transaction gives us the opportunity to achieve -- our ongoing financial objective of double-digit cash on cash returns. The integration planning process is well underway, and as you likely saw, we cleared HSR last week. We remain on track to close the transaction in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 subject to antitrust approvals in the European Union and Japan, as well as of course customary closing conditions. To sum, a broad and increasingly diversified portfolio of leadership, technology franchises has allowed us today to sustain revenue and increase cash flows even in this challenging market environment. Now let me turn this call over to Tom.
Thomas Krause: Thank you, Hock. Consolidated net revenue for the third quarter was $5.5 billion, a 9% increase from a year ago. The Semiconductor Solutions segment revenue was $4.4 billion and represented 79% of our total revenue this quarter. This was down 5% year-on-year on a comparable basis. Our Infrastructure Software segment revenue was $1.1 billion and represented 21% of revenue. Free cash flow was 42% of revenue or $2.31 billion and grew 8.5% year-over-year. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Operating expenses were $1.01 billion, driven by further reductions from CA-related activities. Operating income from continuing operations was $2.91 billion and represented 52.8% of net revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.06 billion and represented 55.6% of net revenue. This figure excludes $141 million of depreciation. In terms of working capital, our payables increase of $237 million was somewhat offset by receivables increase of $55 million, and an inventory increase of $57 million from the prior quarter. I would also note that we accrued $110 million of restructuring and integration expenses, and made $164 million of cash restructuring and integration payments in the quarter. Finally, we spent $112 million on capital expenditures. In the third quarter, we returned $2 billion to stockholders, consisting of $1.1 billion in the form of cash dividends and $977 million for the repurchase and elimination of 3.5 million AVGO shares. We ended the quarter with $5.5 billion of cash, $37.6 billion of total debt, 398 million outstanding shares and had 442 million fully diluted shares for the quarter. Turning to our fiscal year 2019 guidance. As Hock discussed, we are maintaining our full-year revenue guidance of $22.5 billion, including approximately $17.5 billion from Semiconductor Solutions and approximately $5 billion from Infrastructure Software. IP licensing is not expected to generate a material amount of revenue. On a non-GAAP basis, operating margins are expected to be approximately 52.5%. Net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $1.3 billion. The tax rate is forecasted to be approximately 11%. Depreciation is expected to be approximately $600 million. CapEx is expected to be approximately $500 million. As a result, free cash flow is expected to be approximately $9 billion, which does take into account projected restructuring and integration charges of approximately $1.1 billion. Note, as of the end of the third quarter, $6.9 billion of free cash flow has been generated and includes $969 million of restructuring and integration charges. Stock-based compensation expense is expected to be approximately $2.2 billion, and finally, we expect average diluted share count to be 440 million for Q4 and this excludes any impact from share buybacks and eliminations. Now on the capital allocation. As many of you know, Broadcom has a business model that generates a very healthy amount of free cash flow across an increasingly diverse and stable set of mainly infrastructure technology franchises. Over the last few years, we have worked to create a more transparent and balanced capital allocation policy. First and foremost, we have committed to return half of our free cash flow to shareholders each year in the form of cash dividends. In essence, this allows the AVGO stockholder decide how best to reinvest 50% of the free cash flow that we generate. In return, we have, in effect as the Broadcom struggle to put trust and management to optimally reinvest the remainder of the free cash flow after the dividend is distributed. Fundamentally, we think that we have a unique M&A strategy that allows us to consistently reinvest these excess cash flows that will drive returns well above our free cash flow yields. Over the past few years, we have developed a road map primarily around Infrastructure Software starting with Brocade, and then with CA and now Symantec that will allow us to continue to execute on the strategy for many years to come. So going forward, our plan is to use this excess cash for acquisitions and/or to pay down debt that we borrowed to make these acquisitions. Now over the last years, we have bought back a lot of stock. We had an opportunity to buy stock at depressed prices following the CA announcement. We also want to limit the dilution from the one-time multi-year grant we did earlier this year. In all, we have invested $13.1 billion to repurchase or eliminate a total of 54.5 million shares at an average price of approximately $240 per share over the last 16 months through the end of our fiscal Q3 '19. So in summary, we think this decision made a lot of sense. That being said, maintaining our core capital allocation strategy of dividends and M&A while pursuing meaningful buybacks in parallel has caused us to increase our leverage and leverage multiples pretty substantially. Especially in light of the weak macro environment we are seeing today, we're conscious of the risks that a more levered balance sheet creates and are very focused on managing those risks. As a result, we have started to transition our focus to deleveraging the balance sheet following the recent Symantec acquisition announcement. That concludes my prepared remarks. During the Q&A portion of today's call, please limit yourselves to one question each, so we're going to accommodate as many analysts as possible. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Harlan Sur of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. Good to see the business bottoming here in the second half of the year. Hock, you know we continue to hear that Tomahawk 3, Jericho 2 are seeing strong demand for the 200 gig and 400 gig cloud networking adoption, also your revenue and design win pipeline on compute networking and security off-load acceleration ASICs is pretty strong with guys like Google, Facebook, Microsoft, etcetera. Last earnings call, you had anticipated full year double-digits growth in your datacenter networking, compute off-load businesses. Question is, are you still tracking to that and despite the muted growth outlook for the overall business looking into next year, given your design win pipeline, do you expect continued double-digits growth in the datacenter networking and compute off-load looking into next year as well?
Hock Tan: I guess, the bottom line answer is, our outlook, which we shared with you much early on has not changed materially at all. Yes, we do see continuing improve -- ramp of ship deliveries into hypercloud gains [ph] on those various networking as well as computing off-load silicon, and that hasn't changed and that has in fact given quite a lot of buffer to otherwise been a fairly uncertain and difficult markets at this point.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Hock, you started mentioning something about next year and I just wanted to flesh that out. I know you're not giving next year guidance per se, but on the positive side, you're saying business is bottoming, you outlined the number of product cycles or so, but then you sound a little bit cautious on just the environment. So, I was curious how you were thinking conceptually about next year, pluses and minuses. And then as part of that, if you could also give us some indication of how Huawei figures into that both kind of in the near-term Q4 and next year? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Well, you actually answered my question for me in many ways, which is you're -- you implying -- which is correct that the US-China trade dispute is turning into an extended affair with lots of twists and turns and uncertainty. And we are assuming things on conditions, environment is not going to change from what we're seeing now. And if we make that assumption next year, you probably see a very uncertain 2020. But as we sit here right now and we probably have another three -- at least another three months before, we probably give you a much more clear 2020 guidance, but as we sit here right now over the rest of this calendar year, if not fiscal year, what we're seeing is, you're right, which appears -- it appears we have hit bottom at least in the semiconductor -- as it relates to the semiconductor solutions side, we have hit bottom and we are kind of looking ahead and saying that we're paying right here more or less with little seasonality that pops up every now and then as were seeing to some extent probably in the next few months as we see ramp up of our North American -- large North American OEM customer in handsets. But other than that, broadly, we're kind of staying at the bottom.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yeah, good afternoon guys. Well, thanks for letting me ask question. Hock, I realize that you're trying to stay away from giving too specific guidance by business line, but I'm just kind of curious relative to your comment on the wireless side of the Semi business, how should we think about this build cycle for you this year prior -- relative to past years when -- there is a view that you're gaining content on the RF side, you've got Wi-Fi 6. Your largest customer is also not staggering their phone launch this year. They've got some tariff issues that they might want to pull in some builds, so I just -- as you look at the results for the July quarter, were they up sequentially kind of in that mid-teens level, how do we think about October and how long is this build and what's the seasonal look into January? So if you could give us any sort of color that would be helpful.
Hock Tan: Well, it's always in this kind of -- even in this kind of program, we have limited visibility as provided by our customers how far we can go. And to be very specific about what we are asking in wireless, as -- as weve always done in previous years, we see beginning of uptick seasonality in Q3, which is the July quarter, and we'll see more of it in our last quarter of the fiscal year, which is October quarter, and we fully expect to see that. And frankly thats as far as we see in this typical kind of outlook, because it obviously depends at the end of the day on reset of our OEM customers. But we do see that this year, we do not see any major departure from that; and you know year-on-year, things are quite predictable in this respect. But having said that, as you know, we are a Company much more than just wireless today. In our -- even in our Semiconductor Solutions, we have broad areas where we participate in and there are multiple puts and takes as I kind of indicated in terms of what happened in Q3 and while we see continuing strength in networking, computing offload in the data centers, we do see some weaknesses in storage and broadband, and it will probably -- things might probably look better next quarter for wireless, but maybe there are some other areas of mitigate and that will go the opposite way. But broadly, given our large portfolio and broad diversity and the fact that we are very fundamentally strong in each of those areas we are in, which we are saying -- what we are seeing and what we're saying here is that in the semiconductor macro market, which is where they are pretty well represented on average, we are not as strong as it was same time last year. And if you look at our data so far this year-to-date, we're down probably on average of about 8% year-on-year or thereabouts, which is in my view, what we are seeing -- what the market -- what we think the market is on a broad basis excluding memory of course. And the fact that we were year-on-year down more in Q1, Q2 this fiscal year and probably less down in the back half of fiscal '19 should not be taken as a fact that thats the bottom and there is possibly a recovery. That's why we made the statement. We know we are pretty confident we are at the bottom. The question is, there is not much clarity or visibility yet or certainty that any sharp recovery is around the corner.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Danely of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Chris Danely: Hey, thanks guys. Hey Hock, can you talk about the expected timing of the 5G ramp, especially for your ASIC and ASSP business. When you think that starts? Is this has been pushed out at all? Is it about as good as you thought it would be three or six months ago or has the forecast changed and how much?
Hock Tan: Well, that's a tough question in terms of that, because to be honest with you, you know we do not participate that much on 5G ramp on radio access in a broad perspective. We thought -- we thought at the handset level, we touched someone at the radio access, but we believe we probably touched most at the backhaul, the networks. And I think each of them ramps -- will ramp 5G at different times. So our -- in our perception -- in our ability to see what -- how big that ramp is at any particular point in time, it's also dependent on the fact that -- the fact that different operators in different countries were probably want to ramp up at different points in time, different parts of the network, whether it's a front side ramp or the backhaul. And my guess is probably, you won't see much of it until later this year, early part of next year. As far as we are concerned, which is more of the backhaul where it affects our numbers.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Stacy Rasgon of Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to know, you've had a growth target for semi's of mid-single digits, and obviously we're in an uncertain environment. But you also talked a lot about, I guess, company specific drivers and product cycles that fundamentally can still drive. So I guess, are those fundamental drivers are enough to keep the semi business growing at least somewhere in the ballpark of that sort of mid-single digit long-term guidance even in an environment that's uncertainty. I guess, maybe even put a different way, could you maybe talk about specifically some of the product cycles and trajectories that are may be unique to Broadcom that you see kind of ramping next year and maybe compare with what we had this year across your different businesses?
Hock Tan: Well, yeah, when I went on this quantification of the various trends driving the fundamentals of our product lines and our semiconductor business, I really wasn't thinking necessarily and if I give the wrong impression, I do apologize, one year. This is our ongoing trend. And I was using examples, because these are examples ongoing that we see today, recent past and going forward in the future. But what I do see is that, yeah, then all this areas we participate in from -- as networking in data centers, routing in core and metro networks, in cable and broadband where we all are -- one thing is clear, which is the nice thing we see in technology, especially the semiconductor technology, there is a constant evolution of the products we do, that's constant demand for improved performance or if I put it increased bandwidth, in essence, we do connectivity. And depending on a -- in a particular applications, some may spend a year, some may spend three years to make a transition, but they do happen and they continue to happen and that one keeps demand sustain for our technology, for our products, and that's what underpins as reported a long-term growth forecast in semiconductors for us of mid-single digits. And I don't mean a year, I don't mean necessary even two or three years, I mean over the next five years, 10 years, because think about it right. In 2018 fiscal, our semiconductor business organically, take out all acquisitions, grew 12% year-on-year from '17. And in '17, we grew another -- over 16%, about 10% organically. So I frankly do not expect that high rate to double-digit rate in this business where we have pretty well represented across a broad area to be able to continue at that rate of growth. And so we see in '19, a decline from a -- from a strong '18 as I said, probably mid to high-single digits. Not unexpected and -- but taken over a period of multiple years, we believe we have -- we will achieve that mid single-digit compounded annual growth rate but I won't do that every year. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. Your next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Thanks. Tom, I had one for you on the capital return side of things. In the past, that 50% dividend policy you have, it's very clear, but the free cash flow that generates that at times has been a little more subjective due to one-time charges finishing the classic Broadcom campus, etc. So how does restructuring charges, how do they fit into the math of free cash flow. And then the investment grade target where you want to keep it there, what sort of leverage target should we think about with you guys more aggressively paying down debt as opposed to repurchasing shares in the near future?
Thomas Krause: Yeah, I think on the cash flow side, Ross, what we've tried to do is create somewhat of a formula, because we do typically have acquisitions and we do have investments we make to get to the synergy targets. And in fact what we're trying to do is deliver the benefits to the stockholders the year with which we are able to achieve those synergies. So what we've done, as we said, look, what would it be free cash flow from operations, which obviously includes was restructuring charges and what's add back those for the purposes of calculating the dividend. So when we get to the end of the year, we will take the cash flow from operations, we will add back the restructuring, integration charges and in fact will divide by 2 to get to the number that we use to calculate the dividend. This year we don't have any specific one-time large campus initiatives of things like that that we would also want to back out. So that should be a fairly good proxy for how we think about the dividend and the recommendation of the Board at the end of this year. In terms of investment grade, I think we've talked about this before, but maintaining investment grade similar to the dividend policy is a core principle here, and I think the reason for that, Mark and I discussed it many times internally is, it provides maximum flexibility for us to continue to pursue our strategy. It's always been very important. And so over time, we had this one-time event. We bought back a bunch of stock as I talked about in the prepared remarks, that's pushed leverage up more so than we normally would. We think based on the economics and the results so far that was the right decision, but we're really looking forward to going back to the playbook we pursued in the past which is following the distribution of the dividend. Now we still have a lot of cash flow and that cash flow we think based on our strategy is best use for M&A because that's where the returns are most optimal. But as part of that, we often borrow money to finance those acquisitions, and then we go and pay that debt down. So I think we're going back to a more traditional playbook and as part of that given the size and the scale and the increasing diversity of the business and the share profitability and the cash flows, we're very much an investment grade company and we're going to be very focused on maintaining that investment grade status going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis of Barclays. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Hey guys, thanks for your question. Tom for you, just on the annual guidance for OP margin would suggest a tick down into October, I just want to make sure how literally to take that, and if so, can you talk about any drivers as to why profitability to be coming down in October? Thanks.
Thomas Krause: Yeah, it's a good point, and maybe we're a bit conservative to be honest, when I think the reality as you see the mix shift in the second half of the year. We've got a couple things going on. One with wireless ramping seasonally as Hock discussed, those margins are not as high as the rest of the portfolio. And then on top of that, we are giving back some on the SAN switching side in the back half which is fairly high margin product. So we thought it made sense given the mix to stick to that number and that's why we're staying there.
Blayne Curtis: Got you. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Yeah, hi guys. Thanks very much for taking the question. Hock, I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in the hyperscale cloud environment. A couple of your peers are -- quite a few of your peers have talked about signs of recovery into the back half and potentially into 2020 following a pretty extended period of weakness. I appreciate you guys have drivers that are very specific to the Company. But in terms of customer sentiment on spending and capacity expansion, what are your thoughts there? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, it's a very interesting question. And I guess I put it two ways. One is touching on cloud spending. We pretty much see some of what a lot of people out there are saying in common lately, which is an improvement in cloud spending in multiple areas, especially in scaling out new generation datacenters as they expand their business. We obviously benefit from that in our switching, routing in some of our specific custom off-load programs in AI or just SmartNIC. So -- and we see that, but as we all know these days, cloud spending is starting to be a bit like telco spending very lumpy. What we see on the other half of our business in infrastructure is we've enterprises, end users, and here from the viewpoint of an opportunity to see end users directly and we see end use -- enterprises or end users who are the end users, especially the largest bunch of our core customers, their spending continues. Their IT budget is pretty strong and they're spending continues because they need that digital transformation as their business continues fairly decently and that hasn't impacted, which is why our infrastructure software business, renewals continue to grow very nicely. And that's not an issue. It's when we sell components to OEMs, who then make it into systems to sell to these same end users, then we see a difference. And the difference is simply that, I think given as far as we could gather -- given uncertainty in this environment that everybody is constraining -- all our partners are constraining their supply chain and compressing the supply chain, so to speak, and then action of compressing is really a reduction in orders, a reduction in what appears to be demand. So it's really interesting as we see it. That on our software side, things are direct sales to large enterprises continue fairly unabated. But when it comes to selling components through partners to the same end users, we're seeing a different perspective, slowdown, a constrain, and it's reflected obviously in the numbers we are showing here. And it also is reflected in the outlook that we are giving to you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thank you. Hock, switching gears to CA in the software side. Can you talk about just some of the efforts around portfolio license agreements, specifically what kind of sales efforts you have in place there and what this could mean for the business over the next couple of years as you try to gear it that way?
Hock Tan: Yes. Well, it is in the portfolio licensing arrangements as soon as a sales model or business model we apply to our infrastructure software business, which is CA at this point. In my mind, and to be fair, it's less than a year since we launch it, but I -- we since we took over CA only the last November has been I would call it very successful. It has been very encouraging and a big part of why we think it is encouraging the way it works is, because we just focus on the largest 500, 600 customers of CA. These are guidance where we have large decent signs for large footprints to begin with, and as we go towards renewals, with our ability to offer a portfolio-wide licensing arrangement, a limited capacity on the full range of products -- broad products that we have that extend beyond -- from mainframe to distributed software is extremely attractive and cost effective to those large enterprises who buys a lot of those Infrastructure Software. So we have done multiple deals as rental multiple renewals and we continue to be very engaged with those companies. So I guess my conclusion is by focusing on these largest customers we've large -- where we have large footprint that exists and where they ability to consume more of those software we have is mix a lot of sense. And as I put in some of my comments earlier on and this -- and this ability to focus on these largest guys and put the sales motion technically and commercially very effectively on this large customers and possibly not focus on the long tail of non-core customers is a key part of the whole model and what makes the whole model works simply because conceptually we are reviewing those contracts with larger footprints on portfolio licensing agreements as I mentioned at a rate of over 20% annually. While we are probably because of lack of focus, reducing or attriting smaller non-core customers at 10% and those core customers represent 80% of our overall revenue where the long tail represent only 20%, ends up in a situation after one year -- almost one-year where we show a net gain of over 10%. Keep that going, three years later, we reached the average term of every contract we put in place. We would see a clear step up in our revenues from this business of -- we'd like to believe double-digit growth.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-06-13 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q2 2019 Broadcom Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ms. Beatrice Russotto, Director, Investor Relations. Ms. Russotto, you may begin.
Beatrice Russotto: Thank you, operator and good afternoon everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tom Krause, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom. After the market closed today, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial table describing our financial performance for the second quarter of fiscal year 2019. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tom will be providing details of our second quarter fiscal year 2019 results, guidance for fiscal year 2019, and commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. So, with that, I'll turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Bea, and thank you everyone for joining in today. Let me touch on the second quarter results after which I will update you on the current environment and our outlook for the second half of the year. Looking at the second quarter just passed, it really went as planned. Networking continued to perform very well, and our broadband business started to recover. This was offset by the anticipated sharp decline in wireless and the ongoing softness in storage. On the other hand, the infrastructure software business delivered solid topline results, benefiting from sustained enterprise demand for our mainframe and distributed software as well as SAN switching products. The integration of CA is progressing well. Just last week, we reached a major milestone with day two, which is the integration of the CA business processes onto Broadcom's IP platform. We remain confident that we can meet, if not exceed, the long-term revenue and profitability targets that we laid out for CA to you last year. Renewals in our CA business are strong, and the dollar commitments from our core customers continue to grow. Now, let me address the current business environment and our outlook for the remainder of the year. We have, as I indicated, performed very much to plan in the first half of fiscal 2019. And in the second half, we had expected a recovery. However, while enterprise and mainframe software demand remained stable, particularly in North America and Europe, with respect to semiconductors, it is clear that the U.S./China trade conflict, including the Huawei export ban, is creating economic and political uncertainty and reducing visibility for our global OEM customers. As a result, demand volatility has increased and our customers are actively reducing inventory levels to manage risks. This leads us to believe the second half of 2019 will be more in line with the first half as opposed to the previously expected recovery. We now anticipate fiscal 2019 semiconductor solutions segment revenue of $17.5 billion, which translates into a year-over-year decline in the high single-digits. CA software continues to perform above our original expectations while SAN switching is slowing down after a very strong first half. As a result, we are maintaining our fiscal 2019 infrastructure software outlook at $5 billion. While this scenario has been playing out, I should emphasize the fundamentals of our business remains very much intact. We continue to execute on the very rich roadmap for next-generation network switching and routing in the cloud and enterprises, including the leading-edge Trident 4 software-defined network switch just recently announced this week. We've also secured the next two generations of RF front-end at a large North American OEM, which positions us very well for the transition into 5G. We continue to win increasing numbers of compute off-load accelerators in the hyper cloud operators across AI, video transcoding, encryption, and networking. We are pleased with the ramp of our new-generation Wi-Fi 802.11ax, otherwise called Wi-Fi 6, in enterprise gateways and carrier access [PONs][ph]. All this leaves us confident that we will able to continue to drive sustained long-term revenue growth and increasing free cash flow. Let me now turn it over to Tom who will provide you with more color.
Thomas Krause: Thank you, Hock. Consolidated net revenue for the second quarter was $5.5 billion, a 10% increase from a year ago and EPS came in at $5.21, a 7% increase from a year ago off of a 448 million weighted average fully diluted share count. In addition, we have record free cash flow of $2.54 billion or 46% of revenue. Free cash flow grew 20% year-over-year. The semiconductor solutions segment revenue was $4.1 billion and represented 74% of our total revenue this quarter, which was down 10% as expected year-on-year on a comparable basis. Our infrastructure software segment revenue was $1.4 billion and represented 26% of revenue. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Operating expenses were $1.02 billion. Operating income from continuing operations was $2.95 billion and represented 53.5% of net revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.11 billion and represented 56.4% of net revenue. This figure excludes $142 million of depreciation. Receivables in the quarter decreased $193 million, and inventory decreased $40 million from the prior quarter. I would also note that we accrued $136 million of restructuring and integration expenses and made $218 million of cash restructuring and integration payments in the quarter. Finally, we spent $125 million on capital expenditures. In the second quarter, we returned $2.4 billion to stockholders consisting of $1.1 billion in the form of cash dividends and $1.3 billion for the repurchase and elimination of 4.7 million AVGO shares. We ended the quarter with $5.3 billion of cash, $37.5 billion of total debt, 399 million outstanding shares, and 447 million fully diluted shares outstanding. We also refinanced our $18 billion of term loans that we put in place at the beginning of fiscal 2019 to finance the CA acquisition. Via a combination of $11 billion of investment grade bonds and a new term loan, we're able to extend our average debt maturity to approximately five years and substantially reduce the quantum of debt due in any one year. As of today, our average cost of borrowing stands at approximately 3.7%. Turning to our fiscal year 2019 guidance, as Hock discussed, we are updating our full year revenue guidance to $22.5 billion, including approximately $17.5 billion from semiconductor solutions and approximately $5 billion from infrastructure software. IP licensing is not expected to generate a material amount of revenue. On a non-GAAP basis, operating margins are expected to be approximately 52.5%, an increase of approximately 150 basis points from our prior guidance. Net interest expense and others are expected to be approximately $1.3 billion. We do not contemplate any debt pay down in fiscal year 2019. The tax rate is forecast to be approximately 11%. Depreciation is expected to be approximately $600 million. CapEx is expected to be approximately $500 million. As a result, free cash flow is expected to be approximately $9 billion, which takes into account projected restructuring and integration charges of approximately $1.1 billion. Stock-based compensation expense is expected to be approximately $2.2 billion. And finally, we expect weighted average diluted share count to be 444 million for Q3 and 443 million for Q4 and this excludes any impacts from share buybacks and eliminations. Now, on to capital allocation, our capital allocation strategy remains the same. We plan to maintain the current quarterly dividend payout of $2.65 per share throughout the year subject to quarterly Board approval, which means we plan to pay out over $4 billion in cash dividends in fiscal 2019. In addition, we remain committed to buying back and eliminating a total $8 billion of stock in fiscal 2019. In the first half of the fiscal year, we have spent $4.8 billion for the repurchase and elimination of shares. That concludes my prepared remarks. During the Q&A portion of today's call, please limit yourselves to one question each, so we can accommodate as many analysts as possible. Operator, please open-up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Hock, in the $2 billion or so reduction in the semiconductor outlook for the next two quarters, can you give us some sense how much of that is Huawei, how much is outside of Huawei and just any segment level impact so we can calibrate our models? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Well, it's an interesting way to figure that out because in terms of full disclosure, Huawei represented last year about $900 million of revenues for this company by itself. But the other part of the picture I should add is that guide down that we're providing, as you put it, of $2 billion obviously extends beyond just one particular customer. We're talking about uncertainty in our marketplace, uncertainty because of the -- of demand in the form of order reduction as the supply chain out there constricts -- compressed, so to speak. And because we do see, to some extent, end users in the U.S., particularly North America and Europe, continuing to be there. But what we do see in between is the uncertainty of the environment has put in place a concern about placing additional orders and actively a reduction of inventory out there. Basically, compression of supply chain is what's driving this reduction more than anything else and it's broad based.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Maybe I could just follow-up on to that question, Hock. Just kind of curious, as you look, I mean I think markets were soft and you saw a lot of revisions last quarter. You guys kind of maintained your forecast. I'm kind of just trying to figure out when you saw this slowdown, if you can give us any idea of that. And then if there's just any more color you can add for end market, is there any end markets that you're not seeing this weakness? And if you can point to any particular product, that would be helpful.
Hock Tan: Well, we started seeing this softness as we -- basically, the beginning of this quarter, like Q3, very much so a dramatic reduction, and it particularly accelerated with [denial] [ph] order that was imposed on Huawei.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. On the networking side specifically, that's been a strong area for the team, growing double digits year-over-year for the past few quarters. And it's an area where you guys actually do have some pretty strong product cycles like Tomahawk 3, Jericho 2, some of the compute offload ASICs. In the revised outlook ex-Huawei, how is the macro uncertainty impacting this segment and some of these programs? And again, ex-Huawei, would you expect the networking business to grow second half over first half?
Hock Tan: Harlan, very good question. Our networking business, which I think is what you're referring to, continues to be a very strong business. Year-on-year, we expect our networking -- total networking business, to grow double-digits year-on-year. It's strong, particularly with new product ramps and new product cycles that we've seen both in switching, routing related to that. It is one of the brightest areas in our portfolio in this environment and continuous to be strong notwithstanding the export ban on Huawei.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi Hock, thanks for letting me ask the question. I wanted to go into the wireless side. I know you just signed a supply agreement with a large North American customer. They typically have positive second half seasonality. And most of us believe you actually were reaping in some share. So, if I put that all into the mix, how are you getting -- especially given what you just said in networking growing double-digits, how are you getting the second half to be relatively flat with the first half? Is there some offsets in other areas or are some of our assumptions in wireless incorrect?
Hock Tan: Well, I don't know what the assumptions are, Ross, on wireless. But networking is about really the -- is about the only area of strength in this current environment, and that's because it coincides with very strong product cycles we are seeing. In just about broadly any of the end market segments, we do not see, in terms of year-on-year, improvement from 2018.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi. Hock, I actually just had a question about the competitive environment for your RF front-end business as we kind of move into 5G and particularly around a large modem maker now that's talking about having a complete RF package and sort of being able to sweep that in with their modem. So, can you kind of talk about the competitive environment and your position as you can get into 5G? Thanks.
Hock Tan: That's a very interesting question. We continue to believe we are very, very strongly positioned. And it's in many ways validated by some of the data points I just mentioned. We have, by far, the best technology and products out there in RF front-end components. They're typically the filters and the integrated front-end modules. We are, by far, the furthest ahead technology-wise and in terms of capabilities. And we continue to believe we are still very much in front. And as I said, it's been validated and continues to be validated by the value we give to our very critical customers and the fact that they continue to be very supportive of our business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. I had a question on RF as well. Hock, can you remind us what kind of content growth are you expecting or assuming into the back half, both on the RF side as well as the Wi-Fi side of your business within wireless? And then you also talked about 5G or rather how the recent win positions you well into 5G. As of today, what you know based on what you heard from your customers, what kind of content growth on the RF side are you expecting as we transition to 5G over the next couple of years? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Thank you. Well, asking year-on-year is actually very difficult, so I appreciate you asking me what do I see over the next two, three years on content growth. And I mean the best way to describe content growth in RF, and we have seen that and we have empirical evidence of that for the last five years, even longer and not the same every year, is that, annually, we probably see in the 5% to 10% range content growth and with -- in terms of the products we ship. Now, for the entire, I guess, our further available market, our -- yes, the further available market, it's probably a smaller growth percentage.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon guys. Hock, I just want to go back to Ross' question about the wireless guide for the balance of the year. I'm just curious, relative to 90 days ago when you guys were kind of guiding the overall semi business well above normal seasonality for the balance of the year, now you're talking about a flat half-to-half. To what extent did your content expectations come down to the back half of the year versus just this really being a unit issue on the wireless side of the business?
Hock Tan: Well, that's an interesting question that lays out that -- keep in mind; we're taking a very conservative stance here. And very frankly, even as we see the ramp-up and we do see the ramp-up, we are -- we've also been forecasting a fairly dramatic set of numbers before. And when you -- and that is more than offset by the fact that for the rest of the broader markets, we're just seeing a demand environment that is extremely uncertain.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thanks. Hock, just coming back to the compute offload you talked about at hyperscale. I know a little while back, you guys talked about some initial traction in ASICs. Just wanted to get an update in terms of the breadth of that particular hyperscale is and how -- to the extent that you're extending that to multiple customers as we look forward.
Hock Tan: Well, I have mentioned before in previous calls -- earnings calls about our focus in increasing traction in what we call compute offload engines or I call it, compute offload accelerators in multiple areas, including AI, of course, and virtualization, orchestration from the compute servers, and expanding that now to video transcoding and encryption. And we continue to see that and it is an emerging space from our perspective. But nonetheless, it's a space that seems to be growing very steadily and continuing to trend up very significantly. And this is a space we believe at the end -- in a matter of three to five years could be a significant percentage of the total compute spend within any large scale data center. And we're talking about potentially getting to perhaps even as high as 25% or more of total spend in the computing environment of a large scale cloud data center.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citi.
Christopher Danely: Hey thanks guys. Just looking at the overall environment, Hock, do you think your guidance incorporates the proposed next round of $300 billion in tariffs, i.e., if that thing does go through, do you still feel good about your guidance? Or do you think there could be more downside if that does go through?
Hock Tan: I think at this point, we try to capture everything including that proposed next round into the picture. We have the belief that things are -- environment is very, very nervous. And that's why we see a very, very sharp and rapid contraction of supply chain and orders out there from our customers, especially our global OEM customers even as we believe, as I mentioned in North America and Europe, end demand hasn't reflected that. So, we are seeing a very reactive mood here. And so I got to believe that includes the sense that this $300 billion of next round of potential tariffs could be in place. Also keep in mind, something I should add is that even as we see some -- there are two parts to this. One part is what's the impact of the Huawei ban on a company like us selling components and technology? Well, short-term, keep in mind, we'll see a very sharp impact simply because there are no purchases allowed, and there's no obvious substitution in place from other OEMs replace -- taking over end demand, which may exist, which may continue to exist. Give it a few months, give it six months, if those end demand still remains out there, mostly other OEMs qualified to take over those, to replace Huawei on those demand and other OEMs will come in, and those OEMs will continue to buy our products. And so we have a rebalancing and readjustment in demand from our side. But short-term, we do not expect to see that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. On a brighter note, I'd like to ask about CA a little bit. Last quarter, Hock, I think you talked about at least one proof point with regard to sort of deeper engagements with CIOs around a deal that might involve both sides of the business. Anything similar to that? Were you seeing more proof points around traction in sort of the strategic approach in that acquisition? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Well, yes. One of the things we are doing is -- as we said last time, is as we focus on core accounts -- as I said, these are the largest enterprises in the world who buys a lot of software infrastructure and infrastructure software. And given the broad portfolio of products CA has that we bring to bear between mainframes, and these largest companies mostly runs a lot of mainframe capacity and distributed software infrastructure, and our ability to offer this as an enterprise and portfolio-wide transaction, we have been very, very successful in securing such enterprise-wide contracts with significant uplift in booking dollars in the form of larger amount of renewals with, right now, over 20 large accounts in the six months since we've taken over and closed on this transaction. And we foresee that rate being even higher over the next six months. So, that's working. And that's working very well, which allows us to give you a fairly positive tone to how the CA business has been trending as far as we are concerned. In a nutshell, and I said that earlier, the amount of dollar commitments we've been able to achieve compared to what expires has increased quite significantly.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Ramsay with Cowen.
Matthew Ramsay: Thank you very much. Good afternoon. Hock, wanted to ask a little bit about -- obviously, we talked about the demand environment and the trade environment a bit, but I wanted to ask a little bit about the M&A environment as you see it. Obviously, CA took the company in a little bit of a different direction, but we've seen some semiconductor mergers announced here very recently. I wonder if you might give us a little bit of a view on the M&A environment as you see it right now on the semiconductor side. Thank you.
Hock Tan: You are saying the M&A environment in the semiconductor space? Yes. I see what you see there, which is some level of activity that seems to go on. And it's quite interesting, in a way quite encouraging, for us to see that the direction we have taken, a large part of this industry seems to be making sense to a lot of our peers, too. And from our point of view, we welcome it. And as I've indicated before in previous earnings call, for us, it's what's makes sense, what's actionable in terms of businesses that are franchises that we see as very sustainable and that are -- that we are able to acquire. And -- but right now, we see a lot of movements, but we -- and we continue to be very interested in opportunities that may present themselves and we continue to be very active in assessing those opportunities.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question will come from Chris Caso with Raymond James.
Chris Caso: Yes, thank you. Hock, I just wanted to return to some of your questions -- some of your comments rather regarding inventory, and you talked about the customers reducing inventory. Do you think that the inventory levels at the customers were elevated coming into the quarter or is this just a situation where the customers are reducing inventory proactively because of the uncertainty? I guess the question is how much of the weakness you see here is driven by inventory reduction as opposed to demand.
Hock Tan: I think what we are seeing a lot here -- because overall demand weakness or uncertainty probably started even before this quarter began, but the sharpness in terms of demand contraction -- demand reduction, I should say, is coming from the fact that customers are even more aggressively now trying to reduce inventory out there and a lot of it is customer inventory that we're talking about directly. As you noticed, on our balance sheet, our inventory has been very well-managed, tightly managed and we continue to be very, very consistent through all this, in the range of 65 days of inventory. So, this reduction is very much the action of the supply chain of the end user, which really reflects on our direct customers where there's been a sharp reduction of inventory out there. And are we talking significant? Yes. We believe it is -- what we've seen is very significant and we anticipate that to continue, which reflects in our revised guidance for the rest of this year, which is the next less than six months out there. Beyond that, who knows?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's Q&A session as well as today's conference call. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-03-14 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Broadcom Inc.'s First Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Beatrice Russotto, Director of Investor Relations of Broadcom Inc. Please, go ahead ma'am.
Beatrice Russotto: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tom Krause, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom. After the market closed today, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's website at Broadcom.com. This conference call is being broadcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at Broadcom.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tom will be providing details of our first quarter fiscal year 2019 results, guidance for fiscal year 2019 and commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the table attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Bea, and thank you everyone for joining us today. So we had a good start to fiscal 2019, growing 9% in our first fiscal quarter compared to the same period a year ago. The strength of our business model delivered another quarter of sustained revenues, strong earnings and an extremely strong free cash flow. Our semiconductor business helped us relatively well. Not surprisingly, our wireless business was down sharply and our storage business underperformed somewhat. However, these challenges were mitigated -- more than mitigated by our networking business, which grew double digits year-over-year. In addition, we were very pleased to see that the broadband business has started to recover and stabilize in the quarter. In fact, putting it all together, the semiconductor segment was actually up year-over-year in the first quarter, if you exclude the expected sharp decline in wireless. Turning to infrastructure. This business which includes SAN switching, mainframe and enterprise software delivered solid top line results, benefiting from a very robust enterprise spending environment. The integration of CA onto the Broadcom platform is very well underway and we are confident that we can meet, if not, exceed in the long term -- exceed the long-term revenue and profitability target that we laid out for CA to you last year. In fact, renewals in our CA business have been strong this past quarter and we believe the dollar commitments from our core customers will continue to grow. Many of our peers have commented that they are seeing a softening demand environment, especially out of China. While we are experiencing the same demand dynamics, we have factored in much of this macroeconomic backdrop when we provided fiscal 2019 guidance last quarter. As a result, after a solid start to the year, we are reaffirming our fiscal 2019 revenue guidance of $24.5 billion. Having said that, we expect our semiconductor business to bottom in the second fiscal quarter, driven almost entirely by the seasonal drop in wireless. But looking to the second half, we are confident that semiconductor business will resume very meaningful growth. This will be driven by strong product cycles in both wireless and networking, coupled with a recovery in broadband. Infrastructure software, on the other hand, is expected to sustain throughout the year. So in summary, our diversification strategy is working and we are effectively managing the decline in wireless as well as in the broader semiconductor industry headwinds. Now, let me turn over to Tom to provide you with more color in Q1.
Tom Krause: Thank you, Hock. Consolidated net revenue for the first quarter was $5.8 billion, a 9% increase from a year ago. And EPS came in at $5.55, an 8% increase from a year ago off of a $441 million weighted average fully diluted share count. In addition, free cash flow was $2.03 billion or 35% of revenue. I would highlight, free cash flow grew 39% year-over-year. The Semiconductor Solutions segment revenue was $4.4 billion and represented 76% of our total revenue this quarter. This was down 12% year-on-year on a comparable basis. But as Hock explained, the semiconductor segment was actually up slightly year-over-year in the first quarter, excluding wireless. Let me now turn to our Infrastructure Software segment. Revenue was $1.4 billion and represented 24% of revenue. SAN switching continues to perform extremely well. And as Hock mentioned mainframe enterprise software is off to a good start. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Operating expenses were $1.08 billion. Operating income from continuing operations was $3.05 billion and represented 52.7% of net revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.24 billion and represented 55.9% of net revenue. This figure excludes $143 million of depreciation. Inventory decreased $50 million from the prior quarter. Similarly, semiconductor receivables were actually down, which is typical for Q1, even though receivables increased $352 million overall due to the CA acquisition. Total current liabilities excluding debt increased $2.5 billion, due to CA. However, excluding CA total current liabilities excluding debt decreased meaningfully more than receivables, primarily due to the payment of our annual performance bonus in Q1. In addition, we spent $99 million on capital expenditures. As a result, we had record Q1 free cash flow from operations at $2.03 billion, or 35% of revenue. This represents 39% growth in free cash flow from operations compared to Q1 of 2018. I would note a couple things. One, fiscal Q1 is typically our seasonally weakest cash flow quarter, due to the annual performance bonus payment we make to our employees in the quarter that we accrue for throughout the prior fiscal year. In Q1, we paid approximately $530 million in APB cash bonuses to our employees. And second, I would also note that, we accrued $723 million of restructuring integration expenses of which that includes $363 million of cash payments in the quarter. In Q1, we returned $4.6 billion to stockholders consisting of $1.1 billion in the form of cash dividends and $3.5 billion for the repurchase and elimination of $14.2 million AVGO shares. We ended the quarter with $5.1 billion of cash, $37.6 billion of total debt, 396 million outstanding shares, and 451 million fully diluted shares outstanding. Turning to our fiscal year 2019 guidance, as Hock discussed we are reaffirming our full-year revenue guidance of approximately $24.5 billion including approximately $19.5 billion from semiconductor solutions and approximately $5 billion from infrastructure software. IP licensing is not expected to generate a material amount of revenue. On a non-GAAP basis, operating margins are expected to be approximately 51%. Net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $1.25 billion. We do not contemplate any debt pay down in fiscal year 2019. The tax rate is forecasted to be approximately 11%. Depreciation is expected to be approximately $600 million. CapEx is expected to be approximately $550 million. And as a result free cash flow from continuing operations is expected to be approximately $10 billion. And finally, stock-based compensation expense is expected to be approximately $2 billion. As we outlined last quarter, we granted approximately 31 million of restricted and performance stock units as part of the multi-year grant that will vest over the next seven years. As a result for modeling purposes, we would expect the fully diluted share count in the second quarter to be approximately 450 million. This excludes any stock repurchases. Similarly, for modeling purposes, we would expect stock-based compensation expense to be approximately $530 million in Q2. Looking forward beyond Q2, we would expect the share count excluding any stock repurchases and eliminations to remain relatively unchanged and the quarterly stock-based compensation in the second half of 2019 to start to decrease slightly each quarter. We would expect stock-based compensation to level out at approximately $1.5 billion in 2021. Now onto capital allocation. Our capital allocation strategy remains the same. We plan to maintain the current quarterly dividend payout of $2.65 per share throughout the year, subject to quarterly Board approval, which means we plan to pay out over $4 billion in cash dividends in fiscal 2019. In addition, we remain committed to buying back and eliminating a total of $8 billion of stock in fiscal 2019. That concludes my prepared remarks. During the Q&A portion of today's call, please limit yourselves to one question each, so we can accommodate as many analysts as possible. Operator, please open-up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and congratulations on the solid quarterly execution. Hock on the strong double-digits year-over-year momentum in your data center network [came in] [ph] compute acceleration segment you've been shipping your new Tomahawk 3 switching platform now since the second half of last year. I think Google's using it for 200-gig. We hear Amazon is going to transition to 400. We're hearing good things from Baidu, Tencent and all of the cloud guys. Additionally, you're ramping compute acceleration ASIC into some of the big cloud guys as well. Question is, do you anticipate continued double-digits year-over-year of growth for the full year here for the networking business as the pipeline here appears fairly strong?
Hock Tan: Very good question, Harlan. And that listening to you, you really got me going. Yes, in networking and it's broader than just data centers. But let's talk data centers. Tomahawk 3 which is the 12.8 terabit top of the rack switch has just barely started production shipments. In fact we do expect -- we are fully expecting the ramp of Tomahawk 3 as part of the broader data center scale-out with 400 gig pipes in the connect so to speak to really start just about right now. In fact, our Q2 -- fiscal Q2 and progressing up to the rest of the end of the year as more and more on the names you were mentioning type of cloud [jumps in] [ph] and expand -- and upgrade into data centers and simply because as you know expanding the capacity of data centers and pipes is the simplest way to decongest to minimize or mitigate congestion control in these huge data centers, in this large cloud tech. So there's a broad refreshing and upgrading of data centers among these cloud guys. One area as mentioned Tomahawk 3 shipping, which is just starting this quarter in significant volumes. What's also not so perhaps obvious, but is very real for us, is the fact that in order to run 400 gigabit per second throughput pipes, you need interconnect, fiber optic interconnect that are built and dedicated in that area. That's very high-tech products which we are very deeply engaged in. And that brings the content by a multiple sector in this data center realm. And then as you expand the top of the rack switch I can't resist saying you have to -- you need to connect data center to data center what is called DCI interconnectivity. And the approach that is being taken, which we are also very engaged in with multiple OEMs who are supporting the cloud guys is obviously coherent, coherent fiber optic connection at 400 gig. And we believe, we are very much in the lead on that area as well. So these are product lives of product cycles we are seeing that are continuing their impetus of double-digit growth in networking. And it extends more than that. In routing, we are going to be launching and ramping our new generation router Jericho 2, probably in Q3 of our fiscal year. And that's going into Edge routing, call routing among the service providers especially the telecom guys. And we're starting to see the preparation in that happening. So yes, we feel very good about networking and the ability to sustain the level of growth we have been seeing.
Harlan Sur: Thank you, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Wanted to echo my congratulations. Sticking on the formally called wired category, Hock you mentioned that the -- I think you said the broadband space had stabilized and recovered. Can you talk a little bit about the product cycles that will be driving demand in that segment? And any geographic color, product cycle color would be helpful?
Hock Tan: Sure. Sure. Ross. Yes. In broadband happy to say finally, the thing recovered. And a big part of driving the recovery is cable modem video delivery, DOCSIS as they call it 3.1. We've seen implementations across multiple carriers, service providers of DOCSIS 3.1, so that's very good. What we're also seeing of course is in gateway access, which is a big part of broadband. Among many carriers too is the newer generation of DSL, digital subscriber line as they need to expand capacity and throughput and go through -- what they're calling the next-generation G.fast or 35b and we're seeing a lot of that in Europe, some in North American carriers. But what's also equally interesting is as they go to the last mile into households, what we're also seeing is adoption of wireless connectivity or what we all call Wi-Fi. And what we're seeing now is as we see this wired gateways, whether it's cable modem DOCSIS 3.1 or digital subscriber line, we are seeing -- especially in the back half of the year enterprises and more and more service providers, telecoms, start to attach the next-generation Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi 6 on to those gateways. And in Wi-Fi 6 I'm very, very pleased to note that we are very much in the lead in having developed and productized a whole suite of products that perfectly address towards those enterprise and service providers. And that -- but most of that will be only shipping we believe in the second half of the year, but fiscal and both calendar. And we're looking forward to seeing that happen, but it's a very nice product cycle that will basically push the recovery of our broadband business.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you. Hock I'm wondering how you handicap Huawei. And I believe that they're kind of mid-single-digit customer right now. And we're hearing a lot of evidence that they may be double ordering impossible sanctions. So, I'm wondering how you think of that and how you handicap that for the full-year guidance. Thank you.
Hock Tan: I probably know as much as you do seriously in terms of what's available -- publicly available and what's -- and the concerns and the issues overhanging broadly Chinese sponsor, China and specific high-tech companies like Huawei from China. They're a good customer and they buy products which obviously helps their products in a competitive in the global export market and I hope they continue to do so. But certainly, the overhand of that is something that we are closely monitoring and are very concerned about. But as far as specific things you're mentioning, I'm not able to basically comment on it simply because I don't know.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay Hock. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Actually a quick clarification on a question. I believe Hock you mentioned software could sustain throughout the year. That suggests annualized closer to $6 million rather than the $5 million I think you had before. And if that is the case, shouldn't profit margins than what you had? And then the question -- there has been some more consolidation in semis NVIDIA acquiring Mellanox. We're just curious how you think, if at all, there is an impact on Broadcom. And even if there isn't, how you -- just think about the M&A environment in semis? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Okay. You got two questions here, very clever. Let me try to answer -- let me start with the second one. It's easier. I mean as I say we have done quite a bit of acquisitions in very strong assets in the semiconductor space. And it's obviously -- it's something we continue to look at because obviously semiconductor is tall area for us. And -- but you also know we're not necessarily limiting ourselves to that. We'll look towards broader area of technology, software, and appliances as Brocade would be considered. And while we continue to be interested in the semiconductor space and that's still targets and we'll be continue to be very thoughtful and timely in terms of the time and in terms of how we approach those acquisitions. And we have observed our behavior over the last several years. We tend to do it in a very -- on a measured pace simply because it's important. In fact it's critical on any acquisition we make that we can integrate it very, very well. And that's what we're doing with CA right now. And we're right in the thick of it as you notice in the numbers we are going through as we drive down to generate the kind of business model we expect to get out of CA. Turning onto the next question you asked which leads to software. Yes, it's turning out to be a very, very nice deal for us. We actually are seeing for our core customers -- and as you recall, we have differentiated customers of CA between very tall large customers who considers both mainframes and enterprise distributed software as opposed to much smaller long tail of non-core customers. And we'll get those core customers, they are focusing on -- after about at least one quarter now today more than one quarter of going through selling, renewals, and adoption of our software. We feel that the business model has been extremely -- our business model has been extremely successful. I mean the growth as we see of dollars that we get through renewals and expansion of footprint in those core customers is pretty -- is surpassing our expectations. It's gone double-digits. But that's only three months. So, we're still early stage and we'll continue to push that. But as we have also made an announcement on at least one or maybe two deals we have done on our new PLA model above mainframe and enterprise-based software. And these have been very well-received in the marketplace by our core customers. And we are hopeful it's something that makes so much sense that we'll expand. We expect to see more and more of these significant transactions occurring as we move forward toward the rest of the year, all right?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. I'll echo my congratulations on the results. Hock, relative to the full-year guide, it does imply like many of your semi-peers, some pretty meaningfully above seasonal growth half on-half on the semi-solutions business. And I think you did a good job on some of the prior questions specific to data center and broadband access of some of the bottoms-up product cycles that are driving that. I'd be curious or it'd be helpful if I could get your views on wireless and how that progresses throughout the year and how you're thinking or how we should be thinking about your content this year versus dependency on units this year within the wireless.
Hock Tan: Somehow I knew this was going to come up somehow someway someplace. I truly know if you did that. Yes, I know. It's actually not that because that product cycle in wireless is -- in all our views this is mine very predictable. And we will see that happen in our Q3 fiscal Q3-Q4 of this fiscal 2019. It will. We're already starting production in our wait of that, which has longer product cycle on FBAR and some of our products. And we will see for one of better one because it's so seasonal, and it's very significant a shop bounce-back, which -- it's to mind our confidence that our full year guidance is something that's going to happen, very simple. And that in the second half we'll see that meaningful -- you correctly pointed out somewhat double-digit growth in the semiconductor segment of our business. As I mentioned in answer to earlier questions, data center especially now networking, we have a whole slew of new product cycles will generate a big part of that double-digit growth. So will in our view wireless. I'd say that's happening fast. In this particular year perhaps the difference between this coming year 2019 versus 2018 is simply to do two things. One, is we're probably going to get better share. I've mentioned that before. And secondly, content increase. It always happens year-after-year as I mention. Example in Wi-Fi, you'll see Wi-Fi 6. Wi-Fi 6 is not just in enterprise and access gateways in service providers. We are seeing Wi-Fi 6, the new generation, 802.11ax in handsets and that drives -- I call it strong content increase as the increase amount of bands in the ad bar that we constantly see as basically wireless continue to proliferate in various areas of the world continues to expand the amount of bands content in this next-generation phone. So all that is going to drive a bounce back with perhaps increased content for our products. As far as volume is concerned, yes like you I will probably be as uncertain as you are, how much the volume would be? But regardless it's -- there's a lot of mitigating factors and the biggest part of it is pure content increase.
John Pitzer: Thats helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So understanding the confidence on the semi ramp, your guidance also implies the infrastructure software business has to decelerate pretty materially as we go through the year. And I mean, it seems like right now in Q1, the CA business must have already been hitting pretty close to the $3.5 billion annualized run rate that you were talking about that was a few years out. So I guess like what drove the strength of CA in Q1? And why does that business decelerate -- have to decelerate so markedly as we go through the rest of the year in order to fit into the guidance that you've provided?
Tom Krause: Stacy, it's Tom. I think one element is we don't want to get into the details between CA and SAN switching, but we're taking a conservative approach. It's just the first quarter out of the gate. We've got three quarters to go. As Hock mentioned we are actually pretty pleasantly surprised with the number of ELA and PLA opportunities that we see in the pipeline. And a lot of our success in terms of growing the dollars of each of these accounts is going to be driven by our ability to convert those into wins. But so far so good. So I think we're going to take this one quarter at a time. But for now given that we're only one quarter into the year, we feel very comfortable reaffirming guidance on the top-line. And, of course, we feel comfortable with the operating profit as well as the cash flow expectations going forward.
Stacy Rasgon: But you said CA would sustain through the rest of the year. So does that mean that Brocade has to like come down a lot? Or is it just like overall conservatism that's in the number.
Tom Krause: No. Stacy, what we said is that the software, the infrastructure software segment would continue to sustain throughout the year. That's our expectation, but we are taking a conservative approach relative to the overall outlook for the business.
Q  Stacy Rasgon: But if it sustains wouldn't you be at 5.6 for the year instead of 5?
A  Tom Krause: I'll leave that to you Stacy to figure out.
Q  Stacy Rasgon: Okay. Thank you, guys.
A  Tom Krause: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Q  Toshiya Hari: Thank you for taking the question. Hock, I had a question on 5G as it relates to your wireless business. Based on preliminary discussions with your customers, what sort of content uplift are you expecting in your wireless business as 5G is inserted going forward? And from a timing perspective, do you think -- is it more of a 2020 dynamic when 5G starts to move the needle? Or is it 2020 and beyond? Thank you.
A  Hock Tan: Its a very good interesting question. You're asking areas of very vast uncertainty here. But my sense of it is you start to see a little bit of it in 2020. But it will be only a small part. I think if 5G actually impacts content, in components, in the handsets, high-end smartphones I might add will only really impact in a big way I think beyond 2020. 2020 will see some starts. But the tax rate for want of a better word to use is going to be not that high. But you're right. Beyond 2020 as 5G comes in and you've probably heard and seen that, the amount of content especially for the way it affects us on RS analog FBAR. And here in this case as those FBAR content attaches itself more and more to antenna and various other parts of the phone will be quite significant, but not so in 2020.
Q  Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Q  Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thank you. Just a question for Tom. On the back of the strong gross margin upside in the quarter, can you talk about just trends you're seeing in gross margin for the core semiconductor business and then software and just how we think about expectations through the year?
A  Tom Krause: Sure Craig. Well you can see that the gross margins are exceptional. They're all over 70% in the quarter. A lot of that is driven by including CA in the business. But you're right. The semiconductor business continues to increase from a gross margin perspective. Mix helps. As wireless comes down, we benefit as I think you know from the rest of the portfolio in semis being at or above the corporate average. But looking out longer-term, we've talked about this a lot. We continue to see the opportunity to improve gross margins and directly translate the course into our operating margins and our free cash flow conversion. So we see that continuing.
Q  Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar with Piper Jaffray.
Q  Harsh Kumar: Yeah. Hey guys. First of all congratulations, exceptional execution. I wanted to follow up on the gross margin question. Maybe for Tom. They stepped up quite dramatically. On one of the field trips I think you had mentioned that it really takes an acquisition about a year to hum and really produce results. So question is did you capture the vast majority of CA benefits very quickly in 1Q? Or is the best from CA reserved for the back half and later on?
A  Tom Krause: No. I think as you might be able to sort of look through the numbers, we're still not fully optimized around CA. We're only one quarter in. So you've seen some meaningful improvement in profitability for the company that includes CA. But when you look specifically at gross margins, its a number of elements within the CA business tie to gross margins primarily services as well as support. So we've taken some actions to improve gross margins and improve the P&L in general. One in particular is we announced a deal with HCL and have outsourced a lot of our service activity to HCL going forward for the CA business. But as we continue to work through our model which is really driving these PLAs as we talked about, we see the opportunity to continue to get better returns on our investment which includes improving our gross margins going forward. So we would expect them to continue to improve not just this year, but really over the long-term.
A  Hock Tan: If I could add to that on CA we continue to go through transitions. And you're right. It takes at least a year for us to so-call hum. In the case of software companies, I believe it will take longer because these are contractual commitments probably closer to two years. But it will get there. I think a big part other than fact that we're combining software and hardware now and CA in the software infrastructure, software-sized deal transitioning is improvement. And as Tom said just one quarter -- like to see more reductions. And these are not just cost of goods sold, but down below the line operating expenses as we go through it better. For Q1, it's very critical to is the fact that its product mix. Wireless is down and the other products are humming along, our semiconductor products. And remember year by year nature of a product life cycles in those semiconductor products, we always have an opportunity to expand by delivering more value to our customers, expand our gross margin around 50 to 100 basis points on just its natural cadence. That and mix, I think, is adding a lot of tailwind to our improvement in gross margin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. Hock, I'd like to if we could maybe touch back on wireless. This rebound you're going to see in the second half of the year, and I understand you've got a year-over-year issue here, because we were kind of weak last year. But this is flattening out units. This sounds like it's going to be a much stronger rebound than normal just on content alone. Correct me if I'm wrong, but you've got three big areas that you're playing with, just in handsets alone. Of course, your standard ball business which covers I think above 2.4-gig. You're doing more products in the antenna congestion area now, because I know you're doing antenna flexors. And that problem's getting much more acute over the next year, especially as 5G comes on. But the Wi-Fi 802.11ax like you mentioned not only in enterprise, but we're seeing that in handsets and isn't it the cast that you've got a big lead over your closest competitor, maybe Qualcomm here. So, should we expect one, to see a bigger rebound just on content; two, for maybe just to have more legs than we'd otherwise expected beginning next year? I know units are an issue, but given Wi-Fi itself is being deployed this -- and you play stronger to that, it should last longer, shouldn't it?
Hock Tan: Ed, we love all your comments, but I want to be played down very straight down the center simply. We'd see a rebound. My view is a normal rebound and it's a normal rebound. And while content increases, it's not really over the top that -- by that much either. But don't forget comparing it against last year, it's relatively an easier compare.  So, we do see -- we definitely see a rebound and this will be a good rebound, but it's not -- and it will not be an extraordinary rebound. Just want to emphasize that. Just your normal rebound. It's not hard to compare year-on-year against last year versus second half fiscal 2019. The fact that, that will be a main improvement.
Edward Snyder: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question, and also congratulations on the quarter. A lot of questions on wired and wireless has been asked, but I wanted to ask about the storage business. The storage business, I think you mentioned, was up. I don't know if you've framed how much in this quarter. But I'm curious and kind of similar questions as prior, what kind of things are we to be focused on in that piece of the business over the next couple of quarters? And how do you assume that can go through the course of this year? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, very good interesting question. In storage, we have a mixed bag here. A bag -- a lot of it not all of it, but a lot of it relates to hard disk drive. And as you know hard disk drive is nothing to yell over these days and we see that no different from the others. Our mitigating factor here is that most of our hard disk drives, in fact all our hard disk drive component sales goes to near-line or basically in data centers. We don't do -- we do relatively less in PC desktops or mobile. So, we do see the impact of it being weak, but not as extreme as obviously the industry is saying. So, that helps mitigate it, but that's not a growth area. Where we see a hopefully embedded new product cycle coming in is the fact that type two storage is -- especially on Flash SSDs is PCI Express. Second half of the year, we see pushing -- a strong push in the marketplace on PCI Express Gen 4. We're in the lead of it and we see a lot of interesting opportunities related to that, be it in storage or even be it in resulting the amounts are in offload computing, from viewpoint of machine learning, GPU-to-GPU connectivity. But it's also related to storage and that push something you said where is Gen 4 is what's quite interesting in storage over the next -- over the next -- well, actually over the rest of this year, especially the second half. All right?
Aaron Rakers: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Hock, if you cut through the end markets and look instead at the business on a geographic basis, I'm well aware that when you shift to one region, there may not be consumption in that region that China's a big export in economy certainly. But can you talk to the pace of demand that you're seeing in China as best you can tell it, in particular relative to inventories there? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Good question. No surprise. Across the regions, as far as I can sense, China is the weakest. We all see that. We all know that. And I'm talking domestic demand products and view our product shipped to the -- ship to those regions used in that region indigenously. And it's the weakest region. It also had collateral impact we see to some extent on certain sectors in Japan and certain sectors in Europe, less so in the U.S. But broadly -- so China has an impact beyond just the region in South China. It also impacts to a couple of other regions. But North America continues to be quite decent and that's what helps us mitigate this overall macroeconomic saturation.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's question-and-answer session, as well as today's call. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-12-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Beatrice Russotto - Director, Investor Relations Hock Tan - President and Chief Executive Officer Tom Krause - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Aaron Rakers - Wells Fargo Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Romit Shah - Nomura Instinet William Stein - SunTrust Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research Craig Ellis - B. Riley FBR Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Vijay Rakesh - Mizuho Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Timothy Arcuri - UBS
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc.s Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Beatrice Russotto, Director of Investor Relations of Broadcom, Inc. Please go ahead, maam.
Beatrice Russotto: Thank you, operator and good afternoon everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO and Tom Krause, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom. After the market closed today, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial payables describing our financial performance for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcoms website at broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for 1 week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tom will be providing details of fiscal year 2018 results, guidance for fiscal year 2019 and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of the prepared comments. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. So with that, I will turn the call over to Hock.
Hock Tan: Well, thank you, Bea and thank you all for joining us today. Well, as you saw, we closed the fiscal year on a very high note. Consolidated net revenue for the fourth quarter fiscal 18 was $5.45 billion, a 12% increase from a year ago and EPS came in at $5.85, a 27% increase from a year ago. Importantly, free cash flow was $2.53 billion or 46% of our net revenue. I would like to provide you more color on the top line today and I have a lot to cover today actually. Please note fourth quarter results do not include any contributions from CA. Starting with wired, on the quarter results, starting with wired, revenue was $2.2 billion, growing 3% year-on-year and wired segment represented 41% of our total revenues for this quarter. Looking deeper though fourth quarter wired results reflect very strong year-on-year growth for our networking and computing offload businesses driven by robust demand from the cloud data center markets, as well as traditional enterprises. Networking and computing offload represented over two-thirds of our wired segment in the quarter and grew 22% year-on-year in the quarter. This is on the back of growing 10% year-on-year in the third quarter. So, this part of the wired segment continues to be very robust. On the other side as anticipated, cyclical headwinds in certain parts of our broadband business reflecting weak carrier spending in those areas continued to impact this part of our wired business in the fourth quarter. As a result, broadband was down year-over-year again in the fourth quarter and offset partially the strong growth from data center spending. Turning to enterprise storage, revenue was $1.3 billion, representing 23% of revenue. And consistent with what we experienced in wired networking businesses, robust enterprise IT spending drove over 96% year-on-year revenue increase. Now, of course, this includes contributions from Brocade, which we acquired about a year ago. But even if we strip out Brocade, enterprise storage grew double-digits year-on-year in the quarter. Moving on to wireless, revenue was $1.7 billion, which was down 5% year-on-year. The wireless segment represented 31% of our total revenue. And wireless revenue however was somewhat better than our expectations for the fourth quarter as we benefited from upside volumes of legacy phone generations and our North American OEM customer. And finally, our last segment, industrial. In the fourth quarter, the industrial segment represented 5% of our total revenues. Distribution re-sales which is how industrial outsold for us continued to be strong contributing to high single-digit year-on-year growth in the industrial business. With that now, lets talk about the segment performance for the full fiscal year 2018, which interestingly enough could be in stark contrast to the Q4 results I just articulated. Wired for us in fiscal 2018 was up 1% as networking expanded while broadband was down. Meanwhile, enterprise storage was significantly supported by Brocade as well as strong organic growth in our server storage connectivity business and industrial performed extremely well, up 12% helped by healthy macro backdrop. Finally, despite all the quarterly fluctuations, wireless was actually up 20%. So, whats interesting and what I want to highlight when you step back from quarterly results and look at the annual performance, we had a great year. Our revenues hit a new record high growing 18% year-on-year to nearly $21 billion for fiscal 18. This clearly demonstrates how our diverse set of businesses drives stability and sustainability in our consolidated revenue despite quarterly and even biannual volatility in specific segments. With this in mind, we plan to move away from quarterly guidance to annual guidance going forward. Annual goals and guidance reflect we believe more accurately how we manage our business and also aligns very well with how management and employees in this company are measured. In addition, viewing our business broadly, you can see we have created over the years, organically and through acquisitions, a substantial core revenue stream in semiconductors based on technology enabling connectivity solutions across a broad set of end-markets. We continue to remain focused on the sustainability and growth of this core business. But in addition, with our acquisition of Brocade, we created a complementary revenue stream to our semiconductors solutions that we are now calling infrastructure software. With the acquisition of CA now, we will grow this revenue stream and build upon it through acquisitions consistent with our business model. As a result going forward, our two primary segments will be semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software. And so for fiscal 2019, this coming year, the outlook for business is as follows. In the semiconductor solutions segment, we expect continued robust demand from cloud customers with the RAM of next generation Tomahawk 3 stretchers and from the launch of our next generation routers, Jericho 2. We also expect to see recovery of spending by carriers, operators in cable as well as in communications as we expect the broadband market recovery to start to progress through the year. We have already seen that happen this quarter. Storage, we believe will be stable relative to fiscal 2018. And as we previewed last quarter, we believe the reset in our wireless business in the first half of 2019 from share loss in the current phone generation will be followed by a substantial recovery in the second half as we take share back for the next generation. So while there will be lots of puts and take here, our outlook for the semiconductor business is for modest revenue growth in 2019. This maybe somewhat dampened relative to our long-term mid single-digit growth expectation by wireless. Now, turning to infrastructure software segment, before providing our outlook, I should take a few minutes to outline the substantial changes we are making to the CA business model. We expect these changes to result in a dramatically more profitable revenue base which is more aligned to the rest of Broadcom and that we expect will grow. First and foremost, gone are the days of trying to land new products with new customers and I am referring to software, enterprise software. We are focusing all our attention on renewing existing products with existing mainframe-centric customers, customers that represent virtually all of the worlds largest enterprises and largest spenders on IT. We are also targeting expansion opportunities within this core mainframe customer base. The cost of running this renewed and expanded model will be substantially less than the legacy land-at-all-cost model and importantly renewing and expanding plays to CAs strengths. Let me explain. Today, over 70% of CAs revenues are derived from its top 500 accounts. In almost all cases, these top customers have been licensing CA mainframe products for more than a decade and oftentimes several decades. CA contracts with its customers are primarily broad-based, multiyear license agreements and include a term license with maintenance for mainframes. At this same customer, enterprise products are sold, but sold as perpetual licenses with maintenance and data in the license agreements. At each of our top customers we have two primary objectives: 1) we want to expand our efforts on mainframe and make sure that we are realizing the full value that our mainframe tools are delivering to our customers. And as we discussed on the prior call, usage as defined by MITS has been growing at double-digit rates at all these top accounts. Logically, we are now more focused, because of that on pricing mainframe based on consumption. We also feel there is a huge opportunity for customers to save money by leveraging our broad mainframe portfolio to drive more conversions to CA tools. Going on to the second objective, we really want to expand our enterprise software products within the same top accounts. Now, it is true that lower costs and lighter weight SaaS alternatives have been creating challenges for CA for sometime in the enterprise software market. Whats interesting is that CA actually has very highly rated, in fact Gartner upper right hand Magic Quadrant categories for enterprise software on the end for enterprises. While we are very well suited to the private cloud IT environment of the largest enterprises, these enterprise software are just too expensive relative to SaaS. So, moving forward, we are growing away to move away from the inflexible, perpetual license model for enterprise software to an enterprise-wide all-you-can-eat license for all of our core accounts. By doing this, we expect to remove the friction caused by selling expensive upfront perpetual licenses so that the incremental costs for our customers to expand the use of enterprise products will be highly competitive relative to SaaS-based alternatives. Bottom line, we are adopting a fully ratable subscription model for the Broadcom software business. This new business model we believe plays to our strengths, focusing on the largest 500 customers tied to mainframes with the ability to up-sell enterprise software competitively using an all-you-can-eat subscription based model. We expect this transition though to take a couple of years given the timing of contract renewals. But once completed, we expect revenues to stabilize at over $3.5 billion annually and grow from there. And to support that revenue base, we do not expect to spend more than $900 million per year. And as a result, we expect to achieve more than $2.5 billion per year in operating profitability from the CA business once we go through this transition. We are well underway today with the CA restructuring and the integration process, including announcement of the Veracode divestiture to Thoma Bravo and the outsourcing of the CA services business to HCL. So, with that as background, let me talk about our outlook for the infrastructure software segment in 2019. Now, SAN switching, private channel SAN switching here performed beyond our expectations in 2018 on the back of very strong enterprise demand as well as meaningful share gains. While we expect to continue to see healthy demand, we do not expect in this forecast to have this sustained through 2019. Furthermore since we are moving mainframe and enterprise software products to a fully ratable revenue recognition model and just focusing on the top 500 accounts, we expect a reset in the CA revenue starting Q1 2019. As a result, our revenue outlook for the infrastructure software segment for 2019 will be approximately $5 billion. Combining with semiconductor solutions, in summary, we are forecasting consolidated revenue to be approximately $24.5 billion fiscal 2019. This will be to some to repeat driven by very stable semiconductor business that will be complemented by an infrastructure software business that we are rapidly building up. Thank you. Tom?
Tom Krause: Thanks, Hock and good afternoon everyone. My comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations, unless otherwise specifically noted. Let me walk through our results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. Fourth quarter net revenue was $5.45 billion ahead of the midpoint of guidance. Our gross margin from continuing operations was above the high-end of our guidance at 68.4% as we benefited from a more favorable product mix in the quarter. Operating expenses were slightly lower than expected at $863 million. As a result, we achieved record profitability in the quarter. Operating income from continuing operations was $2.86 billion and represented 52.5% of net revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.02 billion and represented 55.4% of net revenue. This figure excludes $132 million of depreciation and the company delivered $5.85 of EPS in the quarter off of a $435 million weighted average fully diluted share count. This represents 27% EPS growth compared to the same quarter last year. Working capital, excluding cash and cash equivalents, increased approximately $105 million compared to the prior quarter due primarily to an increase in receivables. This increase was driven by seasonally higher shipments in the last month of the quarter. In addition, we spent $106 million on capital expenditures. As a result, we had record free cash flow from operations at $2.53 billion or 46% of revenue. This represents 47% growth in free cash flow from Q4 of 2017. In the quarter, we returned $2.26 billion to stockholders, including $723 million in the form of cash dividends and $1.53 billion for the repurchase of 6.4 million AVGO shares. We ended the quarter with $4.3 billion of cash, $17.5 billion of total debt, $408 million of outstanding shares and $432 million of fully diluted shares outstanding. New, let me turn to our fiscal year 2019 non-GAAP guidance. We do intend to update our annual guidance on our quarterly earnings calls throughout the year. And as normal, this guidance is for results from continuing operations only. As Hock discussed, net revenue for fiscal 2019 is expected to be approximately $24.5 billion, including approximately $19.5 billion from semiconductor solutions and approximately $5 billion from infrastructure software. IP licensing is not expected to generate a material amount of revenue. Operating margins are expected to be approximately 51%. I would like to note post-CA integration restructuring we do expect to move closer to 55% operating margins in 2020. Net interest expense and others expect to be approximately $1.25 billion and reflects maintaining a target cash balance of approximately $4 billion and servicing total debt outstanding of approximately $37 billion following the close of the CA deal. This forecast does not contemplate any debt pay-down in fiscal year 2019. The tax rate is forecasted to be approximately 11% and includes a slight negative impact from the CA acquisition. Depreciation is expected to be approximately $600 million. CapEx is expected to be approximately $550 million. As a result, free cash flow from continuing operations is expected to be approximately $10 billion. And finally, stock-based compensation expense is expected to be approximately $2.1 billion. Now, this is a substantial increase in our stock-based compensation expense and let me take a moment to explain. We are implementing a special broad-based multiyear equity award program for our employees, including our new CA employees. Each multiyear equity award will vest on the same basis as four annual equity grants made on March 15 of each year beginning in 2019. And it is expected that a maximum of approximately 31 million shares of common stock in aggregate will be issued in vest over the next 7 years. This is the same number of shares in aggregate as we would have expected to grant over the next 4 years annually. The spike in the 2019 stock-based comp will start to come down in 2020 and declined from there back to our normal level by 2022. So in summary, really this is an accounting dynamic that impacts the stock-based comp in 2019. We do believe providing 4 years of equity grants upfront provides clarity regarding future compensation that creates a powerful retention incentive in an otherwise tight labor market and a sharpened focus on long-term stockholder value creation. In addition, it allows us to maximize the use of the remaining authorized share reserves under our 2019 Avago equity award plan, which unfortunately is expiring in 2019. As broad-based employee stock ownership is a fundamental tenant of our company, it is important that we continue this legacy while our current equity plans enable us to do so. I would note couple of things: one, Hock is not participating in this program and as previously disclosed, will not receive another equity grant until at least 2021. In addition, for executives 50% of the awards are PSUs, the vesting of which is tied to total shareholder return similar to our prior annual awards to executives. Finally, no further annual grants are planned for employees, who receive this award until at least 2022. Now, let me turn to capital allocation plans before we open the call for questions. Consistent with our capital allocation strategy, we are focused on returning approximately 50% of our prior year free cash flow to stockholders in the form of cash dividends, with the balance being allocated to a combination of stock buybacks and acquisitions. In addition, we plan to also continue to use our balance sheet to fund acquisitions while focusing on maintaining our investment-grade credit rating. With that, on the dividend based on approximately $8.2 billion of free cash flow that we generated in fiscal 2018, we are increasing our target quarterly cash dividends starting this quarter to $2.65. This constitutes an increase of 51%. We plan to maintain this dividend payout throughout the year subject to quarterly board approval, which means we plan to pay out over $4 billion in cash dividends in fiscal 2019. Consistent with our capital allocation policy, we will reassess the dividend at this time next year based on our fiscal 2019 free cash flow from operations. Now, given the dilution stockholders are bearing from the multi-year grant and given the free cash flow yield that Broadcom is currently generating, we are also budgeting to return an additional $8 billion to stockholders through stock buybacks in fiscal 2019. Coupled with the dividend, this means we are planning to return approximately $12 billion to stockholders in fiscal 2019, which constitutes all of our projected free cash flow, plus the excess cash that we have on our balance sheet today. That concludes my prepared remarks. During the Q&A portion of todays call, please limit yourselves to one question each so that we can accommodate as many analysts as possible. Operator, if you could please open up the call for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on the good execution. Hock, I understand and appreciate keeping the focus on longer-term trends, but just because removing the guidance on a quarterly basis is a big change. Just for this quarter, could you give us some color on how Q1 trends are shaping up especially, given all the concerns around trade and tariff and your largest customers. So, even if you cant quantify everything, if you could just give us some color commentary on whats going on in different segments in Q1, that would be very helpful?
Hock Tan: Ill give you the answer, its okay. Remember, we have backlog out 18 weeks for most of our products, thats longer than a quarter, which runs 13 weeks. And based on what we have in place, its running pretty  trending pretty well compared to Q4, okay. And keep in mind, its  there are puts and takes even in all of this. Broadband starts to recover, as I mentioned before, finally, long last, and networking, offload computing is still nicely holding up, but handset, wireless, youve seen it out there, we expect to see a seasonal down-take. So, storage flattish back to moderation. So, all combined together, things are kind of what it is, okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks for taking the question. I want to understand maybe the puts and takes a little bit better in the software  infrastructure software guide. If we look at CAs results on a standalone basis, it looks like theyre about 3.  call it $5 billion. Youre stripping out the services business. Youve sold Veracode. So, can you help us bridge a little bit more the uplift youre seeing from that level of revenue to that $5 billion guide for the full-year? Thank you.
Tom Krause: Hey, Aaron, its Tom. I think, keep in mind there are now two substantial businesses, I should really say three in that number. As you properly pointed out, theres the CA business for a couple of data points. Veracode run rate business is about $150 million a year and it was growing, and weve outsourced the services business, so that business will start to tail off through the course of 2019 and largely be gone in 2020. But then keep in mind also, theres Brocade, the SAN fiber channel switching business, which is performing very well for us. Were not breaking out the specific revenues for that particular business, but its also providing a substantial portion of the overall $5 billion. So, in total we see a reset in the CA business starting in Q1. We do expect based on the renewal expectations around our core 500 customer base to grow throughout the year with CA, and we also expect to continue to maintain reasonably high levels of revenue with the Brocade fiber channel business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks for taking my question, guys. When I think about that $2.5 billion operating profit target from CA, can you just talk about that timeline to achieve that? And when I look at the accretion or the incremental contribution you get from post CA, the accretion I guess, how much of that is going to come in cost versus OpEx for you guys?
Hock Tan: Well, very interesting question. Let me outline again what I went through in my remarks fairly quickly. And as Tom actually articulated earlier in answer to a question, we start 2019 partly because of a resetting from recognizing perpetual licenses on a salaried manner to ratable subscription-based revenue recognition. 19 will take a step down from what you typically expect the rate to be and it will rapidly build up over the next 2, 3 years to the level as we spoke about closer to over $3.5 billion. On the spending side, if you recall, before we acquired CA the last quarter, stripping out services, taking out services which was a wash, spending  total spending was about 2.  about $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion per year. Were bringing it down to $900 million. And we are able to bring it down to $900 million is for one, I purposely articulated in my opening remarks, okay. A large part of that $2.4 billion of spending was attributed to the various sales motion, development motion, I should say, of trying to land new customers, as well as land existing customers with new products, but basically landing new customers. And a lot of these customers are, I would consider, the long tail of a long list of customers. The largest 500 customers in the world are already our customers through mainframes. But a big amount of that spent, I would guess what were saying is to the tune of more than $1.5 billion at least, sorry, above  of spending $2.4 billion, sorry, $900 million is the end part [ph], so, $1.5 billion is used to try to develop new products and land our new customers. By moving away from that, focusing on the largest 500 customers, weve renewed most with mainframes, but up-selling on enterprise software. We basically get to the same revenue number with much less spending substantially. And that $3.5 billion, say as conservatively we get to in year 2 or year 3 from today and less the $900 million state is  end-state spending is where we believe we get to around the $2.5 billion operating profit target.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you so much for taking the question. Hock, you talked about your intention to regain share in the RF business next year, I think thats consistent with what you had said three months ago, I appreciate the time you spend with your customers in designing these products and you probably have some visibility, but I was under the impression that the SKUs for next year hadnt been set, so I guess the question is what gives you the confidence that you can indeed regain share in that business? Thank you.
Hock Tan: We are just confident. And obviously we have not been idle, we have been working. And because these are very difficult products, very complex, technologically proving, advanced products to do and we have been working on it for over 1 year with customers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Hock, you talked about continued strong trends fiscal 19 in networking demand, cloud and enterprise, I was hoping you could quantify a bit more, next year its still looking like the cloud guys are growing their spending again albeit at a lower rate versus this year, but then you were there on the 200 gig, 400 gig upgrade cycle with Tomahawk 3 and then you have got the ramp of some of your AI and deep learning and SmartNIC ASIC programs, given all of this, I kind of wanted to know if the team still feels like they can sustain double digits year-over-year growth rates for this segment fiscal 19?
Hock Tan: Very good question. Thank you. Yes, cloud  public cloud I call it, has been part of our networking, compute offload business, so to speak. The public cloud side, which is about half or at least half of our revenues right now in that sector that does networking and of compute offload continues to be extremely strong. And its strong not because of anything else, in 2018 we didnt launch any major new milestone products and we still grew. As we indicated, we grew double digits. 2019 we have in addition to that natural momentum, the addition of the fact that we are launching both two significant products. The top of the rack switch, the Tomahawk 3, 12.8 terabyte  terabit per second, three throughput switches which are very welcome, very  basically will be very much in use by the hyper cloud guys. That will be a big driver of growth. In addition, but perhaps in use in some of the spine architecture of those hyper cloud data centers, but more on adjusted more so at operators for their routing applications. We are launching middle of the year Jericho2. So we have two product drivers on top of the natural momentum of increasing content that we are seeing, that you articulated in those data centers at the cloud, from  especially from compute offload, where we are talking about more than controllers. We are talking about deep learning content. We are talking about compression encryption. And we are just talking broadly about anything to do with offloading CPU cycles from server. And thats a very long-term tailwind that we have basically been able to take advantage of and continue to benefit through probably more than 1 year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura Instinet.
Romit Shah: Yes. Thank you. Tom, I just wanted to make sure I had my facts correct on the option grant, so $2.1 billion for fiscal 19 and you have that coming down over  is it over a 4-year period and does it go back to the fiscal 18 levels or some level above that? Thank you.
Tom Krause: No, I think thats the right way to think about it Romit. Its a 4-year grant accelerated and done in one shot this year as opposed to doing it over 4 years. So in aggregate you wouldnt have any difference, but from an accounting perspective you will have to take all the step up this quarter. It will start to bleed off next year and decelerate back to where we were over a 4-year period. So I look at the 2018, $300 million a quarter type stock based comp run rate as the run rate roughly for the company on a steady state basis.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein: Great. Thanks. Congratulations on the quarter. Thanks for taking my question. I am particularly focused on the dividend, there was a significant increase this quarter and when we contemplate the companys ability to grow the top line long-term, expand margins and your capital allocation plans save any further M&A, what does management expect the sort of long-term growth rate of that dividend to be?
Tom Krause: Sure Will. So I think we have spelled it out fairly clearly both on the policy in terms of returning the 50% of free cash flow from the prior fiscal year. And we have spelled out now what we think we can do from a free cash flow from operations perspective in 2019, which is the $10 billion. So when you take into account the buyback expectation that we have also articulated of approximately $8 billion, the outstanding shares should come down, as well as the free cash flow is going to go up. So when you do that math, you are going to come up with a number thats north of 20% in terms of potential for dividend growth. Now, going forward we will have a couple of other tailwinds that we have benefited from in the past, which is frankly M&A and the accretion that we drive once we are fully integrated and restructured. And so as Hock has been articulating, when we get to the $2.5 billion plus of operating profit, thats going to start to be realized in 2020, into 2021. Absent additional M&A, we would continue to focus not just on the dividend but also the buyback, which would allow us to reduce the share count as well. So I think we have a good setup to continue to be able to drive the dividend well into the double digits over the next several years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you can elaborate a little bit on the all you can eat model that you are developing now for the enterprise software business, does that basically works one license that a customer takes for anything that you buy going forward and put into that segment and if thats true, how do you grow the business without taking those rates up over time if you are still selling to the same customers, what does that model actually look like over time?
Hock Tan: Yes. Thats a very good point. And you are right. We provide that enterprise wide license to those core customers only, by the way product by product. Obviously, its not across all our enterprise products at the same time, but its only when the customer is adopting it. And so that part of it becomes very important, you are right. If a customer is one of those big core customers, adopts say agile operations, one of our agile operations, software or agile what we call rally which is for projects. And they want more seats, they want more capacity, what we will provide is for a license contract of a  on a multi-year basis, we expect to get a certain amount of dollars, as you say and we will give them under that enterprise wide unlimited license. And you are right, so for that particular product limited ability to increase, except on the fact that after say, the contract is 3 years, end of 3 years inflationary improvement and improvement in our product, innovative improvement in not putting more features in the product. But we would better be selling them another product on the same basis and thats how we expect to be able to grow. And so from two fronts improving the product we have on an ongoing basis, but also selling the customer another product from a very broad suite of enterprise software products.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley FBR.
Craig Ellis: Thanks for taking the question. I will echo the congratulations on the good execution. Tom, I think it was in your comments where you mentioned the aspiration for 55% operating margins in fiscal 20, but since that would represent a 400 basis point increase from what you are targeting in fiscal 19, can you just walk us through some of the assumptions that could lift the operating margin level of that magnitude? Thank you.
Tom Krause: Yes, good question. So there is a number of things with that. I think first and foremost, we do continue to see the ability to grow the business. In the core semiconductor business, we do expect especially as wireless recovers in the back half to see a return to more standard mid single-digit growth rates in 2020. On the software side, as we continue to grow into the ratable model, we also expect to continue to see growth there in 2020 and into 2021. And then as is consistent with what you have seen over the last many years, our model is very focused on gross margin expansion. We will continue to drive incremental expansion in gross margins, especially on the semiconductor side. And then finally we have talked about it a lot on this call, but we are going to be reducing expenses dramatically with CA and we are doing that because of a change in the business model and the focus on the top 500 accounts, the focus on leveraging mainframe with these great enterprise products and moving to a fully ratable model. This is a much lower cost, much more profitable way to run the business. And so you are going to see the benefits of that in 2020, which will actually continue to show progress even into 2021, I think. So, 55% operating margins we think is very achievable as a result of all those factors as we look out beyond 19.
Hock Tan: And to be specific, Craig, this fiscal 19 when we buy a company, especially as complex and large as CA, it takes us a year or two to transition through the end state. Fiscal 19, I would estimate we are carrying something like $1 billion of transition expenses in fiscal 19 alone. Now, it wont all evaporate by fiscal 20 but a big part of it will evaporate by fiscal 20 and that with the revenue increase Tom was talking about gets us to that 55% operating margin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thanks. Hock, just a question, any particular feedback from large customers now that you have Brocade and CA together, anything you would like to discuss in terms of some of the synergies and overlap of customer base and things you can do?
Hock Tan: Great question. Yes, I have met with quite a few CIOs, Chief Operating Officers and CIOs of fairly some of the largest customers of CA who happens to be coincidental or otherwise the largest end use customers of Brocade as well, which is SAN switching. And you may know, we have mentioned in prior quarters, SAN switching, which is attaching to storage arrays is very, very connected to mainframes as well in hardware and software the way storage is done. And basically, all this custom CIOs, a lot of them are as you well know thinking through the high levels of IT spending each of them has to go through. Each of them are trying to figure out whats the best structure, architecture for their data centers. And many of them are regulated, which means they cant go completely to the cloud. So, a lot of them are going  are talking about as we all hear hybrid cloud a lot more of them are thinking of building their own private cloud. We have all the technologies, hardware and software to enable them to build those private clouds. And each of those CIOs in these larger companies who are spending several billion dollars at least a year in IT are quite able and have the scale to do that. So, there is potentially a lot of synergies and its not just in the technologies we have and collaborate as one. Its also the go-to-market model that will be very much simplified as we now reach out to those end user customers who are in CA, who are in Brocade and who indirectly develop building or buying big data centers, compute, storage, networking indirectly from us. So, there is a lot of synergies and we have begun the process of engaging in a dialog.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho.
Vijay Rakesh: Yes, hi guys. Hock, you mentioned all-you-can-eat model for software. I was wondering if you continue to do more M&A on the software side that you can stack on that same model? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Thats a great idea and we definitely want to do that, because we developed with CA the platform, that platform for support, ensuring customer success and a platform for directly touching, engaging  in fact, heavy touching I call it on those largest 500 customers. And as we add on more products, software products, be they particularly on enterprise software, we believe this is an opportunity for us as we say to build on that second revenue  complementary revenue stream in infrastructure software.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Congrats especially on the cash return side. Hock, I wanted to ask a bigger question, with all the uncertainty in China trade and macro, etcetera, you mentioned you have the 18-week backlog and that the first quarter I think is doing fine to paraphrase what you said. Have you noticed any change in any of the various end markets that you have given these uncertainties in the customer behavior in anyway, shape or form?
Hock Tan: Yes, I am sure they are. But I think I am not sure if some of it is related more to macroeconomic variations in those niche markets we deal with versus the bigger concern with respect to tariffs is what I think you are referring to. Its hard to tell. But as we said, we across so many different end markets, niche markets some of them we do see some of them, your question is, are they all consistently trending down? No, we do not see that, but we do see some that are down and we do see some that are up. And is that an indication that is tariffs versus just very typical macroeconomics cant really tell, some of the color that I have given you guys almost, are not affected by those. For instance, broadband recovery, I think its more tied to the lumpiness and the cycle of carriers and operator investment, especially in Europe and U.S. more than anything else and we are benefiting from that. Meanwhile, cloud spending be it in the U.S. or China is still unchanged and its still going on very well. Enterprises, maybe we start seeing some level of slowdown in enterprises, but thats only down to a small part of our broader system. So, its a lot of mix. And at the end of the day, its not that clear yet how this will affect the business we are in which is largely enterprises and operators. Our exposure to consumer is limited to those couple of these high-end phones and in that regard, as we all have seen the phone market has not been exactly very strong these past several months.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: A lot of my questions have been answered. But Hock, just to follow on to Ross question, you made some comments about cloud/hyperscale and thats clearly an area where I think growth has been particularly strong this year and there is some investor angst about whether or not from these high levels that can be sustained into 19. Id love to get your view on that, and as you answer the question, Id love to get sort of a differentiation between kind of your core Ethernet business and maybe some of your new emerging ASIC business you have with the hyper scale guys, especially around acceleration in AI and how thats playing out?
Hock Tan: Okay, two questions. Lets try the first one. The cloud guys, as we see it, the spending is still going on. I mean, their spending pattern to some extent almost is starting to track or copy those of operators, they get lumpy, they dont spread evenly across a year. But if you take that, thats part of the reason why we want to go to an annual thing, because if you do it quarterly, its not driving me crazy, its driving you guys who track us crazy, because it gets very lumpy, especially with the level of spending theyre all coming in and the level of spending we  they make on our products. But if you look at it across a period of a year, they are sustaining and theyre sustaining, and I really mean the high, the large cloud guys, which includes both China and U.S., but also even the Tier 2 guys. Its still sustaining. And part of it is also content. We are selling them more and more stuff, as we say, products. Its not just switching and to some extent routing, its not just switching that we started with initially, its  which is what I highlight, and its not newer generation of switching as they go to scale out of the data centers and higher capacity switching. We sell interconnects like fiber optics and we  and thats  as it goes from 10 gigabit to 100 gigabit, now 100 to 200 and 400, the price point, the content of those fiber optics goes shoots up fairly exponentially and very nicely. And then we also do this computing offload, which is really a nice description or broad base of, as I say, you call it accelerators. And true, they are mostly accelerators and deep learning chips, network Ethernet controllers, SmartNICs as some people call them, encryption, compression, video deliveries, chips, all those go and build, the content keeps growing up. And thats why theres some level of  when you pull it all together, where do you see cloud going? And as I said, most of these are not one generation or one year at a time, they go beyond one year. So, overall, we see it as a continuum that is growing. How fast does it grow? Its that 20% I mentioned in Q4, seems somewhat unusual, but thats because of the lumpiness and thats why we dont want to give you guys the wrong impression, because the quarter before it was closer to 10%. And on average, I would say the cloud guys grow more likely in the high single-digits to 10% year-to-year than a 20% that any particular quarter might mislead us to think, but its very stable and its there to replace to some extent, the enterprises, the traditional enterprises.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we do have time for one final question, which will come from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks. Tom, Im just trying to get kind of an apples-to-apples bridge on the $24.5 billion relative to the $23.9 billion that was shown as a pro forma in the presentation for the CA deal. I know youre losing Veracode and youre losing some of the stuff around HCL, but youre also getting a bump from the change in the model in the software business. So, Im just trying to get a bridge on the apples-to-apples on that $24.5 billion relative to that $23.9 billion that you showed in the presentation? Thank you.
Tom Krause: Its a challenging bridge only because youre talking about, first of all, two accounting standards with 605 versus 606 on the CA side. But be as it may, I think the right way to think about it is the $24.5 billion. Weve talked a lot about where we think semiconductor growth will be. Its a new way of reporting for us, but we think were going to have modest growth on the semiconductor side. And then youve got two businesses, youve got CA and Brocade, which is constituting the $5 billion that were building up on the infrastructure software side. So, were quite comfortable based on modest growth in semis and we have articulated I think quite clearly how we get there on top of what at end of the day is a solid Brocade business plus a restructured and reset CA business and thats how we get to the $24.5.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-09-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Krause - CFO Hock Tan - President and CEO
Analysts: Pierre Ferragu - New Street Research William Stein - SunTrust John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Blayne Curtis - Barclays Chris Caso - Raymond James Harsh Kumar - Piper Jaffray Matt Ramsay - Cowen Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Romit Shah - Nomura Instinet
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Inc.s Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Tom Krause, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Tom Krause: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today is Hock Tan, President and CEO of Broadcom. Today, Hock is going to give you a detailed review on our core business and spend some time outlining the industrial logic behind our recently acquisition of CA. I will then spend time reviewing our Q3 results and Q4 outlook, and most importantly our financial model and capital allocation policy. Quickly on the formality. Todays call, will primarily refer to non-GAAP financial results. A reconciliation to U.S. GAAP measures is included in todays press release, which is available in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com. Information on risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call is also available in todays press release and in our recent SEC filings. This conference call is being webcast live. A recording will be available via telephone playback for one week and archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Tom. The strength of our business model delivered another quarter of very sustained revenues, strong earnings and free cash flows. Consolidated net revenue for the third quarter was $5.07 billion, 13% increase from a year ago and EPS came in at $4.98, a 21% increase from a year ago, while free cash flow at $2.13 billion is 42% of revenues. We have a lot to cover today. So, lets dive right into the segments. Starting with wired. In the third quarter, wired revenue was $2.3 billion, growing 4% year-on-year. And this segment represented 45% of our total revenues. Third quarter wired results reflect strong year-on-year growth for both our networking and compute offload businesses, driven by robust demand from the cloud data center markets, as well as traditional enterprises. Networking and compute offload represented approximately 60% of our total wired segment in the quarter and grew over 10% year-on-year in the quarter. This is off the back of growing over 15% annually in the second quarter. So, this part of the wired segment is doing really well. However, cyclical headwind in certain parts of our broadband businesses has impacted year-on-year growth for the wired segment. While digital subscriber line or DSL demand remained stable, demand for PON, fiber-to-the-home in China, as well as video access, particularly North America, has been soft, compared to a very strong 2017. As a result, broadband was down year-over-year in the third quarter after being down in Q2 as well. Turning to the fourth quarter fiscal 2018. We expect networking and compute offload to continue to grow double digits year-on-year as strong demand from both the cloud and traditional enterprise sustain. However, cyclical headwinds we have seen in video access including cable and satellite are persisting into the fourth quarter. And as a result, in the fourth quarter, we expect wired to grow only mid single digits year-on-year. But, on the other hand, were very encouraged by the prospects for fiscal 2019. We expect strong growth in our networking business to continue, driven by new product ramps of our Tomahawk 3 switch and our Jericho2 router platforms. We also continue to see strength from our deep learning ASICs with our cloud customers. And we forecast broadband video will bottom this third quarter, as we start to enter an upcycle in 2019. On enterprise wireless access too, we expect to be the first to enable the integrated 802.11ax chipsets during this coming year, among service providers, enterprises and homes. Let me now turn to enterprise storage. For the third quarter 2018, enterprise storage revenue was $1.25 billion, representing 25% of revenue. As we have experienced and mentioned in our wired networking business, robust enterprise IT spending drove over a 70% year-on-year revenue increase. This of course includes contribution from Brocade. But even without Brocade, storage was robust year-on-year in the third quarter. Looking in the fourth quarter, strong demand from enterprise continues to be good, and we expect year-on-year storage revenue growth to accelerate. Moving on now to wireless. In the third quarter, wireless revenue was $1.3 billion, which was flat year-over-year. The wireless segment represented about 25% of our total revenue. In aggregate, wireless revenues were in line with our expectations for the third quarter. We benefited from the initial seasonal ramp at our North American OEM customer, which was partially offset by anticipated decline at our other large wireless customer. We expect this ramp at our North American OEM customer to drive wireless revenue to be over 25% sequentially, given as it may be down single digit year-on-year. Let me take some time to put this in perspective. Like all our franchises, our RF frontend business which makes up roughly half of our wireless segment, competes and competes very well, based on its technology leadership and its ability to deliver differentiated, high-performance products, generation after every generation. To generate the high returns, we expect on our substantial R&D and manufacturing investments, we focus on delivering the best FBAR technology in every new generation of smartphones. Nonetheless, from time-to-time, not that often, but time-to-time, the same technology platform used by our customer, may expand beyond one generation. And when this happens, it does create an opportunity for a customer to temporarily use lower performance alternatives in selected skews. With the benefit of hindsight, these maybe precisely what happen with this 2018 generation. But, every indication we have is that the cadence of annual platform upgrades will resume in the upcoming 2019 smartphone generation. And we believe were very well-positioned to win back the platform. And with 5G on the horizon, we expect this cadence of annual upgrades to sustain. As a result, we are maintaining our high level of investment as the market transitions to 5G. Meanwhile, in WiFi, Bluetooth to transition to 802.11ax continues to keep us in the lead. We believe, we are very well-positioned to sustain this particular franchise over the next several years. And accordingly, we expect to see our wireless revenue returning to double-digit growth in fiscal 2020, following a temporary dip in fiscal 2019. Finally, our last segment, industrial. In the third quarter, the industrial segment represented 5% of total revenues. Excluding IP licensing, the industrial business was up over 10% year-on-year. Distribution resales continued to be strong with double-digit Q3 year-on-year growth. We expect demand environment for industrial to remain strong and industrial resale to maintain double-digit year-on-year growth during the fourth quarter. So, in summary, we continue to execute well on our business model. More than half our consolidated revenue you may note is benefiting from strong cloud and enterprise data center spending. This, coupled with a seasonal uptick in wireless will drive our forecast revenue in the fourth quarter to be $5.4 billion, an increase 11% from a year ago. In the meantime, our margins continue to expand due to our focus on technology leadership and high-performance products. This is all driving exceptional cash flows, which provides us great flexibility in our capital allocation model of returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share purchases, while enabling us to pursue strategic acquisitions to expand our earnings capacity going forward. Speaking of acquisitions, before I turn this call back to Tom to talk about the financials in greater detail, let me perhaps take a few more minutes and talk about CA Technologies. The number one question we get from when we get with CA is, why did we choose to buy? Cut to the chase. Were buying CA because of the customers and their importance to these customers. CA sales mission critical software to virtually all of the worlds largest enterprises. These are global leaders in key verticals including financial services, telecoms, insurance, healthcare and retail. And CA does it a scale fairly unique to the infrastructure software space. This can only come from longstanding relationships with these customers that spend several decades. In other words, these guys are deeply embedded. Now, Broadcom does a lot of business with the cloud companies, building the digital economy, the leaders. Google, Amazon, Microsoft are all large customers for us. Theyre growing rapidly and we are, as you notice, growing event. They use our leading edge silicon solutions to develop their next generation data centers to enable many businesses worldwide. On the other hand, when you look at the largest enterprises, which comprise CAT customers, these guys really have limited direct access to a mission critical technology. In that lies what we think is a new and huge opportunity. Just as we have done with hyper cloud players, we believe we can bring our compute offload solutions, our Tomahawk switches, Jericho routers, fiber optics and our server storage connectivity portfolio directly to these same large enterprises that are buying CA software. These large end users invest tens of billions dollars on IT infrastructure every year. Through CA, we believe we have a big doorway to engage strategically with these customers and provide them direct access at very compelling economics to the same leading edge -- and make through the same leading edge networking storage and compute technologies that are used to enable the cloud service providers today. Beyond this industrial logic, I might note, CA by itself is a great franchise. Mainframes remain the backbone of the enterprise computing environment and are relied on to run mission-critical applications. Mainframes process approximately 30 billion transactions per day and $7 trillion of credit card payments annually. Contrary to popular belief, over the last 10 years, mainframe models have actually increased 3.5 times, driven largely by increasing amounts of data generated with every single transaction. Given mainframes are the most important parts of large enterprises, we believe this will remain a strong and stable market opportunity for us for long term. CA is a leader in delivering a suite of mainframe solutions across application development and ITOM tools. So, bottom line, we actually see this opportunity, a great opportunity, I may say, to double down for future growth. With that, let me turn the call over to Tom at this time.
Tom Krause: Thank you, Hock, and good afternoon, everyone. My comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations, unless otherwise specifically noted. Let me walk through our results for the third quarter of fiscal 2018. Third quarter net revenue was $5.07 billion, just ahead of the midpoint of our guidance. Our gross margin from continuing operations was at the high-end of our guidance, the 67.3%, as we benefited from the more favorable product mix in the quarter. Operating expenses were slightly lower than we expected at $874 million, driven by lower SG&A. As a result, operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $2.54 billion and represented 50.1% of net revenue. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $2.71 billion and represented 53.4% of net revenue. For housekeeping purposes, Q3 depreciation was $129 million in the quarter. Below the line, net interest expense was slightly better than guidance due to high interest income from our cash deposits. The tax provision was in line at 7% of operating income from continuing operations or $170 million. The diluted share count was 453 million shares and includes the weighted average impact of the stock repurchases completed in the quarter. As a result, the Company delivered $4.98 of EPS in the quarter. This represents 21% year-on-year growth, including the impact of share repurchases. Working capital, excluding cash and cash equivalents, increased approximately $209 million, compared to the prior quarter, due primarily to an increase in receivables. This increase was driven by seasonally higher shipments in the last month of the quarter, as well as the effect of a distributor consolidation program for the Brocade business where we are providing a temporary extension to payment terms to facilitate the consolidation. In addition, cash restructuring expenses were $18 million, as we are now at the tail end of the Brocade integration. Finally, we spent $120 million on capital expenditures, which was slightly below expectations. As a result, free cash flow from operations was $2.13 billion, or 42% of revenue. This represents 52% year-over-year growth in free cash flow from operations. In the quarter, we returned $754 million in the form of cash dividends and spent $5.38 billion repurchasing 24 million AVGO shares. We did not pay down any debt in the quarter. We ended the quarter with $4.14 billion of cash, $17.6 billion of total debt and 438 million fully diluted shares outstanding. New, let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions and we do not intend to update this guidance. The guidance is for results from continuing operations only. Net revenue is expected to be $5.4 billion, plus or minus $75 million. Gross margin is expected to be 67%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $394 million. Tax provision is forecasted to be approximately 7%. Net interest expense and others expected to be approximately $125 million. The diluted share count forecast is for 436 million shares. CapEx will be approximately $110 million. Before we open the call for questions, I want to update you on our financial model and capital allocation policy. On the financial model, there have been a lot of questions regarding our long-term growth and concerns about the growth rate of our core semiconductor business. The intention with the CA announcement has not been to signal a change in the growth rate of our core business. On the contrary, we believe our long-term growth rate for the semiconductor segment will remain mid single digits, driven by end-market growth and content increases from new product introductions. As we acquire businesses outside of semiconductors including Brocade and more recently CA, we are taking a conservative approach relative to our internal expectations on revenue growth. The returns we model, do not require growth to hit our targets, but make no mistake, we do expect to grow these businesses. So, the important message is that we do not see any fundamental changes in our long-term growth rate. Now, on the capital allocation. Here at Broadcom, we have a set of complementary, highly-profitable technology franchises that require limited capital expenditures, and it sits on top of an efficient corporate platform. This in turn sits at a substantial and sustainable base of cash flows that we expect will grow over time. This expected cash flow generation provides us with a lot of flexibility on how we allocate capital to create value for you, the shareholders. We are committed to our policy of distributing 50% of our prior fiscal year free cash flow to shareholders in the form of cash dividends. Given our fourth quarter outlook and expected full fiscal year 18 results, we anticipate another substantial increase in the quarterly dividend for calendar 2019. Now, with the remaining free cash flow, we see the opportunity to do a couple of things. One, we plan to continue to buy back shares. We currently have $6.3 billion left in our $12 billion stock repurchase authorization that extends through the end of FY19. And two, with the focus on maintaining our investment grade credit rating, we believe we also have the cash flow and the borrowing capacity to continue to expand our earnings base through strategic and accretive acquisitions. Finally, as previously announced, we have cleared HSR with respect to the CA transaction in July. The transaction is still subject to CA shareholder approval and antitrust approvals in EU and Japan. We expect to close in the fourth calendar quarter of 2018. That concludes my prepared remarks. During the Q&A portion of todays call, we request you to limit yourselves to one question each. So, with that, operator, could you please open up the call for questions?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Tim Arcuri with UBS. Your line is open. 
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Hi. This is Pradeep [ph] on behalf of Timothy Arcuri. I had a question more on the longer term view of CA and the wireless solutions group. And how you view the wireless solutions group from a strategic standpoint, given that the CA acquisition is kind of focusing you guys towards more of an infrastructure company? 
Hock Tan: Thats a very interesting question and it offers me the opportunity to clarifying how we look at our composite set of businesses. Our business model is very much focused on putting together a portfolio -- on portfolio of what we consider product technology, product franchises. And thats not necessarily limited to IT infrastructure or networking or data centers in any particular specifics. As you notice, we have a range of products that sells into multiple end markets which ranges from wired and even in wired, we have made a distinction, as I said, of networking, data centers, as well as more service provider spending as it relates to carrier access, and PON and video delivery, and the two sets of end markets by itself. Then, we have enterprise storage, which is very data center centric, I mean. But then, youre right, we have wireless, which is, as we define it, is very focused on mobilities and smartphones where we put up the best latest technology. And finally, we have industrial where we have a set of products that goes to various industrial product, necessary to make that the data centers. So, they are very disparate, they are very diverse. And there in our view lies our strength. Its very set of diverse products, franchises and thats the key to operating, franchises. But each of them is very -- a set of common characteristics. One is, they operate in niche markets typically, those are the niche markets that become mass markets, because mass markets have moved over to these niche markets. And for two is, we have the technology, more technology, we are the leader in technology in each of this niche markets. And we tend to have the highest market share too in each of these end markets. And the common thing we do is, they all sit on our platform, but each of those features keep investing and youve seen the level of dollars we invest. Were investing over $3 billion, $3.2 billion a year just on R&D and product development as we move through each generation and evolve the technology for use of end customers. And we make sure, we lead in each of those. And so, we believe, to answer your question specifically on wireless, we believe our position in wireless, in those wireless products and markets that we are very much in the lead technology, we are lead in market share in the niches we are in. So, its satisfying, those considerations of us, of franchises in those specific markets as you would apply to switching and routing in data centers where were very well represented too. And the benefit of all this particular franchises is they all are enormously profitable and they all continue to grow. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Pierre Ferragu with New Street Research. Your line is open. 
Pierre Ferragu: Hey, Hock, and thanks a lot for taking my question. So, Ill ask you about Computer Associates as well. So, you have demonstrated in the past a rather unmatched ability to create value from your acquisitions. And this is something youve mostly done in the semiconductor industry and thats what you got, a lot of investors are used to. So, today, its really clear that we need to better understand the Broadcom model, how Broadcom can create so much value from acquisition and how it can apply to CA? So, in that spirit, my question to the two of you, Hock and Tom, would be, can you tell us what you guys do like nobody else? What makes you unique at integrating the business? You acquire and create value from these businesses like nobody else and in particular like private equity firms for instances would not be able to do. And then, of course, put that in the context of Computer Associate. How are you going to apply these unique capabilities to Computer Associate?
Hock Tan: Thank you, interesting question. Let me try to address that, if I could, one of which, to start with, we dont own private equity, by no means. Why? We know -- we understand the businesses that operates in the Broadcom very well, and we operate those businesses. We are not financial investors. The financial performance, the capital allocation that comes out, the exceptional cash flow we generate of those making those businesses very successful happens to be just the end product. We run those businesses and we run them as a group. Thats the biggest difference between us and private equity, very, very much. So, the way we see some differentiating tricks in now we identify and acquire those businesses and then integrate them into a whole, as part of Broadcom, is simply this. I think were very, very aware of our ecosystem, what product lines, what markets are very sustainable, very good as potential profit and growth opportunities. And were very focused. And thats a key thing. We are very focused in determining what businesses make sense to invest in and what businesses we do not or should not invest in because it wont generate the return, which is why, as I explained on my reply to the earlier question, today, Broadcom comprises 19 separate product divisions. Each of them leader in their own right in each of those niche markets they are in. And by being extremely focused on continuing to be the technology and market leader, which basically means delivering generation after generation. Because one advantage in technology is you keep, having to evolve with better and better products that your customers can use and/or ask for. As you do that you actually create more and more value to your customers. And the extension of that is shown by the fact that, if you look at our financials over the last several years, we expect our product margin, gross margin to say as a collective whole 100 basis points approximately every year. This is the same product. This is not about adding new acquisitions, which accrete the gross margin. We're talking about if you look organically at the same products that we have 3, 4, 5 years ago, you will see that margins expand as a whole. And the reason it can expand is because you're delivering more value to your customers. And so the real basic thing is be very focused. Stick to what you do very well and focus on where you are very successful and keep doing the same thing. And what we do when we look at acquisitions very simply is we look at companies where the opposite is actually sometimes happening, where the core business of the Company -- of some of these business companies are not so focused on or neglected in many ways, and instead the bright, shiny objects get focused on where the strength of that particular company may not be so good. And we basically pull them back to their roots and put them into as part of the overall Broadcom portfolio. That's really what we are.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line and William Stein with SunTrust. Your line is open.
William Stein: Hock, one of the biggest questions that we've gotten especially more recently is on the semi-cycle. Now I understand you have 19 or so franchises that you can argue are more specialized, but I think you're certainly exposed to the broader trends in the industry. And there's an expectation that we're seeing a slowdown, in particular, in China, especially potentially related to tariffs. And I'm wondering if you can offer a comment as to where you think we are in that cycle, what you see going on in that regard.
Hock Tan: That's a very, very good question and a very timely question. And what we -- I can -- I'm not trying to look out far nor trying to basically postulate a vision here, but short -- but what we're seeing now and what we've seen recently and looking what we're seeing now is that the dynamics of the semiconductor space is constantly changing. I know that's an obvious answer. But what I mean is by different end markets. And we, in some ways, are fortunate in selling to 4, 5 end markets, very, very different end markets. And I can tell you, over the last 2 years, the behavior of all those 5 end markets are very -- had been very different. So it's hard for me to say how's the whole semiconductor industry because it does cover into a lot of spaces. And 2 -- like 1 or 2 years ago, I did say that in 2016, 2017 -- even 2017 and '16, broadband was very strong. What part of the, I guess, of service provider spending -- level of service provider spending worldwide and -- but also -- and leading to business that's kind of cyclical. It's a business I might add that's relatively flat but sustainable and cyclical. So today, as I say, broadband, as I mentioned, is not so strong anymore. Now last year -- 2 years ago, data center spending was okay. This year, 2018, it's extremely strong and continues to look good. So we see different parts of the cycle. Just like even wireless. I mean, wireless, 2 years ago, 3 years ago was great. Content was growing. Then what we've seen over the past year is smartphones literally, not just handset worldwide but smartphones, just kind of flattened out, totally flattened out and where cost becomes a concern more than that demand or innovation becomes limited, and people are now waiting for perhaps a 5G cycle before we see another uptick. And industrial -- oh, yes, automotive was moving away for a few years, drives industrial, continues to do so as we see, though we start to see definitely some slowdown from where we are, both in automotive and industrial. So you're seeing ups and downs across different segment, different end markets that's an -- which uses semiconductors. And I guess, our best saving grace here is, because we are fairly diversified, we cannot keep ourselves stable and secure on a total basis as opposed to riding any particular end market upwards are downwards.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Hock, maybe the short way to ask my question is does this operating margin expansion story have a ceiling at some point? But I guess, the longer term or longer way to ask the question is I wonder if you can just talk a little bit about how you think about R&D. I think, oftentimes, investors get fixated on R&D as a percent of revenue and forget that at your scale, your absolute dollar spend is just enormous. But help me understand, is there something about your IP portfolio that gives it more leverage than a typical digital or SoC company? Or why are you able to drive so much more leverage out of your R&D line than many of your large peers? And again, as you answer that question, maybe you can talk about is there a ceiling to this op margin.
Hock Tan: That's a great question, John, and I'll try to address that. And you're right. It starts with IP. We sell intellectual property except with productizing. With -- in many -- a lot of our business are semiconductors, and we sell IP embedded in silicon, is perhaps the simple best way to describe. That's what we do. We don't try to license this out. We make it into products that addresses what our end users, end customers need to make, to use or make into -- for the -- make into part of a systems. And it's that intellectual property that drives the technology evolution because we keep feeding that machine. We keep enhancing, innovating on those technologies in any particular markets we're in. And as I mentioned, we have 19 of those markets. In each of them, one -- it's -- we behave very commonly. We have a team of people, and in many cases, we -- or in most cases, I would add, we have the best engineers in the world, architects and engineers in the world in each area -- in the space they are in. We are among the best. And many of these -- and these guys, the other side to IP, they have IP they have developed over the years and innovate to the next better thing. And we keep doing that. And the customers love to have this product because it makes them successful. It makes them more productive. It makes them do things that otherwise they can't do. And when you do that with each evolving technology, each evolving generation of technology, you basically get a higher value added to your product. Always do because you give your customer more value. You get something more for it. I'll give you an example, right? The well-known Tomahawk 3 switch is 12.8 terabit per second throughput switch. The previous generation, Tomahawk 2, was only 6.4, half that throughput. So you are able to put into a data center and on top of a direct of servers twice the throughput, twice the capacity, twice the bandwidth. Do you -- do I -- am I able to charge 2x the price? Of course not. That's not the way technology works. But we are able to obviously improve against our value simply by the fact that even as dollars, our price per terabit drops, on the total 2x terabit, the value of the product goes up for us, for the customers. And if the demand, the usage consumption increases to use up all 12.8 terabit and basically, the data center scale gets to scale out tremendously at a very cost-effective set of economics. And that's an example that applies across all 19 product lines and to bottom -- at the bottom -- at the end of it all, so because of that, our ability to do that, to offer better products are more value to our customers. Our product margin goes up. And it goes up faster than the amount of R&D we pour in, and we pour in quite a bit to sustain that level of improvement. And that leads to an improved operating -- and expanding operating margin. That's what we've seen. That's what has happened.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hock, I wanted to focus on your wired business, both in the near term and the long term. In the near term, you did a great job of explaining some of the puts and takes between that 60-40 split of the fast-growing and slower-growing businesses. But to the extent it's 45% of your business today, and we look forward longer-term, how should we think about the growth rates of that 60-40, and what does it mean to the profitability of the Company, either on the gross or operating margin line as the growth rates seem to be so different between those 2 sub-segments?
Hock Tan: Well, Ross, thanks for asking that too. But what you say is true right now. In 2016, I loved broadband. It was an on up-cycle. If you recall, there was the Summer Olympics floating around. Everybody was signing up for cable, cable access. So we were booming. That time paid. That thing outperformed data centers, networking, that is. Today, the cycle turned around. We look at broadband and say, "Man, this thing is dragging me." It's not. When the up-cycle happens as we fully expect within the next 12 months also, you'll be great again. So that's one of the interesting things about it, is looking at, say, even wired or even wireless. Every one of this -- a lot of these markets' growth has their ups and downs, and especially if you look at a quarter and much less annually. Quarterly, even worse. What we have to keep realizing is these are all technology-driven applications and market-driven as better and better, more innovative technology comes in. It keeps expanding, some at a slower pace than others, but what it does is it adopts new technology, and which allows us to keep adding more value as we progress through it, even though it goes through its ups and downs. And the key thing to all this is sustainability. These are all very sustainable end markets. The product we see today may be much better than the product in this end market we saw 5 years ago, and the product 5 years from now will be much better than the product we see today. But believe me, the end use continues.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: I have a question for wireless RF. I mean, you play mostly at the high end of the market. Interesting developments in China, when I think of some of the local brands there, some impressive specs coming out and as they start to ramp the volumes. So I just wanted to know if that potentially could change your opportunity set in RF in the China market over time.
Hock Tan: A very interesting question, and it is, again, part of the whole franchise model. And then, yes, because again, in the case of wireless, we have very unique technology. We have very, very differentiated technology that allows us to produce very high-performance products in those smartphones. And so far, it's been the super high-end smartphones that tends to use our products. And I could see a situation where, especially with 5G coming into the mix, with all these difficult bands showing up, where 5G, you start running higher than 3 gigahertz spectrum bandwidth. You start to meet better and better RF components, especially in filtering, very much so in filtering, and we could see that being required across the board in many next-phase or next-generation 5G phones. And we can see that happening, in which case then, it starts to expand beyond just high-end phones, and you're exactly right in that regard. It has happened before, a few years ago, when there were certain bands that were so critical, it can only be done using FBAR. Very difficult FBAR technology, and for a while, that was pretty cool.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: I just want to follow up on that wireless. You were talking about cycles and some years better than others. When you look at wireless, cellular and then WiFi is 2 components. Just kind of curious, as you look out, you mentioned 5G. Maybe kind of what's the content story between now and a couple of years from now, when 5G will be a majority? And then on the WiFi side, can you just talk about timing of that?
Hock Tan: Okay. You -- and so actually, 2 questions you're asking here, so let me try to address them separately. WiFi, in many ways, is a more stable, predictable evolution of the technology trends. And today, very much so, everybody uses the standard, WiFi standard called 802.11ac, C as in China, and that's great. It's definitely an improvement from what it used to be 5 years or 10 years ago. But we have a new technology, a new protocol coming in called 802.11ax, which I may have commented on a couple of times in my prepared remarks. What ax does is, in a nutshell, it increases, in layman's language, the bandwidth. Huge. You can imagine easily running data stream wirelessly from your handsets. Upwards and uplink and downlink weigh over 1 gigabit per second, even 2 gigabits per second. You get carried away. But what's even more interesting is it allows for multiple users simultaneously, which is something that's always been tricky. And it requires a lot of technology, hardware and software. And we are in the lead in doing it, as I indicated. We are the first out with our product, they're working, we're designing, and we started launching it with multiple partners starting October next month. By the way, this year, starting with the retail routers and going on to the enterprise access points and then operators by early next year. So it's a big thing, 802.11ax, and I bet you in the spring, you will find at least one big handset maker coming out big-time to push 802.11ax. And our chips will be right in those flagship phones. But -- so it's more predictable, and our technology is so strong. I have to say that we see ourselves in the road map of our key customers over the next 2, 3 years. More predictable as 802.11ax, that should go to a second wave and upgrade and all that. On RF, it's truly not that much different, except that what's happening here more than anything else is over every several years, we go from, as you know, 2G, GSM, we go out to 3G, and now -- and then we have 4G that's been going on now for 6 years. And now there's actually demand, or kind of a demand, I might add, for even higher speeds, higher throughputs, lower latencies, more connections, that's what 5G is all about, which leads to IoT applications and all those applications we had dreamed about previously. That -- those are great. It's just that those are very, very difficult to implement. And in order to make it happen, one, in a nutshell, it will happen as it has happened in the past on 4G, it's your phone already runs 3G, 4G. You now have to put in additional components, additional capability to run an additional set of spectrum that runs, that is operating in 5G. And once you start doing that, you really will have issues of coexistence. You also have to reach out in 5G to frequencies that are much higher, much more difficult to produce, to put in a phone for communications, data communications. And I'm referring to frequencies that go way above 3 gigahertz now as a first step. And as you go into more and more of these 5G phones, you have more frequencies, more requirements of components in the same limited space of a phone. So you start to have to innovate on your components to be able to put them in a phone, unlimited space, lower power, working very well together. And that's where our capabilities, our technology in RF, especially FBAR, comes into its own. And that's why we see this is as a sustainable franchise, especially for someone who is able to design, have the IP to design capabilities, components, that few people are able to replicate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Chris Caso: Just a follow-up question with regard to the wireless and some of the prepared comments that you made. You talked about expectations will return to double-digit wireless growth next year. You also talked about being in a position to win back some of the FBAR business. Can you reconcile those 2 comments? And is one dependent on the other? For the double-digit growth you're expecting next year, what are the assumptions behind that?
Tom Krause: Chris, it's Tom. Let me just clarify the prepared remarks. What we were referring to is double-digit growth in 2020 off the back of a dip in 2019. And just also to clarify, we do feel really good about the prospects of winning back the business that we discussed, that we had lost in the current generation phone, which would impact the very back half of '19, but really would have an influence on the 2020 growth rate we discussed.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harsh Kumar with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: The big question we're getting is what is Broadcom's expectation running a software company? This is the first one for you guys in this area. Could you maybe talk about some of the strengths and challenges you see and maybe some of the plan around running this business? And then also, for the non-mainframe business, what kind of margin opportunity do you expect to see from, for example, enterprise solutions?
Hock Tan: Well, I love this question. I'm almost tempted to tell you, hello, the same reason we've put together a bunch of businesses in semiconductor, what we call semiconductor solutions. On one extreme semiconductor solution, I am pulling simple hardware semiconductors, pure hardware analog components. To the extreme, it's not even silicon, in some cases, it's nanotechnology, it's indium phosphide, gallium arsenide, as in lasers, to the more well-known, well-recognized silicon SoCs, silicon on a chip there we built our routers and switches, and deep-learning chips on, with a lot of software, by the way on this thing, lots of software. I have -- in our networking team I have as many software engineers as I have hardware engineers, silicon solution engineers. In our video delivery business, video, which is basically a set-top box with cable modem, I have more software engineers because there are tons of different kinds of software that goes into a set-top box chip thus compared to hardware engineers. We understand software. CA, you're right, is all software. But a set-top box is, to put a number, over 60% software. And if I have to look at the switch, I can make the switch as simple, programmable and install software-defined networks and write a lot of software specs to program this, and that's 70% software, 30% hardware. Or I could hard-code chips as I do in certain other versions of my networking business, which are typically lower-end switches. And I would say I have 80% hardware and 20%, 30% software. So I go -- it varies across a lot of spectrum. One thing that's common is technology. It's technology solutions you provide to your customers, who cannot operate very productively, very efficiently, they don't sometimes operate at all without that, and it's technology solutions that evolve over time and your ability to keep up with customer needs over time. We're very good at managing that. We are very good at understanding how to monetize intellectual property in technology. I think that's a common thing we have.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay with Cowen. Your line is open.
Matt Ramsay: I think it would be helpful for either one of you guys to talk a little bit about the M&A philosophy going forward. I think, Tom, you did an excellent job in sort of reiterating the capital return policy. It sort of struck me on a lot of the questions that we got from investors were it was sort of a surprise at the size of the CA deal, given some of the prior commentary around maybe focusing on smaller M&A deals. So I just kind of open it up and I'd love to hear some philosophy, conversation about how you're thinking about maybe verticals or size or any of those things, if there's anything that's off limits going forward, or we should just think about the capital return policy only and nothing's really off the table in terms of M&A. And I'll just open it up at that.
Tom Krause: Good question, Matt. I think that the important message is not much has changed. The business model and what we think drives the returns of the acquisitions that we do is very consistent. And we understand and appreciate that CA was a bit of a surprise and certainly larger than maybe what many people expected, but the reality is it was the right deal for us at the right time as we think about how to grow the earnings base of the Company and how to drive value for shareholders over time. And if you think back, and this follows up on Harsh's question a minute ago, when we bought LSI, we were getting into what you could argue as a very different business. We had a largely mobile business at Avago, RF business that's sustained today has grown organically very rapidly, but we're getting into businesses that included rechannel SoCs, preamps for hard disk drives. We were getting into enterprise storage and SaaS connectivity, serving -- delivering to the server market. And these were all businesses that we frankly didn't know very well, but it was the characteristics of those businesses, just to follow in on what Hock discussed in terms of the intellectual property, the barriers to entry, the sustainability of the businesses, and by focusing on those businesses, that's what allowed us to drive the returns we've seen. And we have obviously expanded from there. We've done smaller transactions, but we've also more recently done Brocade. Clue, that's a systems business. It's largely software. It has an end-user sales force. It's opened our eyes to end customers and what we can do with those end customers. But more importantly, it's proven to us that we can manage these businesses. The performance of Brocade over the last year, and we've obviously been quite familiar with the business for more than that time period, has been quite exceptional. And so CA is really an extension of a strategy that we've been pursuing for a number of years and has driven a tremendous amount of value for shareholders. So we look to continue to do that as a way to drive value. Obviously, we're going to deliver on the dividend, which is really important to us. But we have a lot of financial flexibility off the back of significant and substantial operating cash flows to continue to do buybacks and to do accretive M&A, and we see opportunities going forward to do that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Your line is open.
Edward Snyder: One of the things that struck me though in your initial comments, when you were talking about your new customer base with see CA because they do open up a lot of clients that you don't have with the semiconductor business. You were talking about porting in some of your networking and compute solutions, storage solutions to them. But right now, you're selling semiconductors, and a number of your big customers, you mentioned them, Google, Facebook or Google, Amazon, Microsoft, build their own boxes using your silicon. I would imagine, most of the CA's customers do not do this. So how are you going to port your -- how do you think you could port your semiconductor products to these new customers without getting into boxes? Or are you thinking about that? Or do you think they will start up such endeavors to start porting through? So I guess I don't understand how your existing products are going to be ported to these new clients without some sort of intermediary or white box guy or something. Maybe I'm a little bit confused there, but if you could explain that, I would appreciate it.
Hock Tan: Sure. I think that's a very, very insightful question you came out with, and you're right 100%. One, we're not interested in going to the boxes, you got that right, or systems. We don't need to do that. But we have the key ingredients. We have the chips, the engine. So you take a box, be it in the industry that you're out to, any of those things. Where -- and we have the software. Or if you want to sum up all of these end users now, and you're probably aware of that and to some extent, some of the big operators now are starting to want to build their own data centers and they have come to us and asked us to enable them to build their own data centers. And what -- that's very similar. And these guys are very, very aware of how the cloud guy is doing. The cloud guys use our own silicon engine -- our own merchant silicon. In many cases, some of our initial -- our software, SDK, by -- in many cases, they even write their own software and they then go to ODMs, the ODMs in Taiwan, in China, anywhere else, to put a box to build a system, a box. We have to enable that. Obviously, we have to. And the cloud guys do it. There's no reason why an operator like AT&T with Domain 2.0 cannot and is, in fact, executing on that basis or any other large enterprise users who build -- who had to build out on their own scale fairly substantial data centers, why they can't even do that on their own because as Tom had said, the core IP, the core technology, which is the engine, the software. Everything else ties together, and there are lots of ODMs out there. You call that white boxes, I believe, and they have a choice of doing that or continuing to buy from their traditional sources. What we are able to do now with our direct access to CA customers is establish strategic and strong engagements with those end users, and substantial end-user enterprises or end users, who would want to start doing it themselves in order to not just do it at low economics, but in order to access directly the latest, call it, leading-edge silicon software products, technology, which will enable them to build data centers just as leading-edge as what's available in the cloud. But we have seen that requirement, that request coming in, and we are basically responding to it. This is not a pipe dream.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura Instinet. Your line is open.
Romit Shah: I definitely appreciate that you guys think very strategically about the deals you do, but if I just go back and think about your M&A track record over the last several years, it just struck me as being financial deals, first and foremost. And Hock, the playbook has been, at least my impression has been, you'd slash SG&A by a significant amount, you'd cut R&D while basically raising prices at the same time. And CA, given the kind of legacy nature of their technology, has a lot of people believing that this business may turn out to not be as sticky if you take the same approach. So could you just comment on that, please?
Hock Tan: Absolutely. That's a question that's wrong on so many fronts, I don't know where to begin. Let me start, let me try. Number one, we acquire -- we have a history of acquisitions and integrating very, very well. Those are not financial deals. They end up, as I say, as great financial returns. They're not -- we operate them under a single umbrella. We operate them, I hate to say, very, very well, but we also operate them very, very focused. And when you're focused, as I said before, you don't overinvest in R&D. When you're focused, you don't overinvest in even selling. When you run your company in a business model that is simple, you don't need a huge amount of SG&A. As already mentioned, it's not about cutting SG&A, it's about simplifying a business process with very strong -- a portfolio of very strong businesses, where you focus your spending on R&D to enable you to keep being ahead of the pack. And that's really our business -- our model, it's a business model and that we have executed over the last 6 years through multiple acquisitions. And it's also, as I mentioned in an earlier response, how well we integrate into the model, which ties to being very focused on what you pick as core businesses you want to keep investing in and divesting. You can't cut a business that you don't have. Businesses that you do not see as being sustainable, part of it being sustainable is really a chance of them in franchise. When we buy companies over the last 5, 6 years, just as many companies and businesses we are in. If you look at the finer print and we have that data, we divest as many businesses out there. We just let it go because those are businesses that we believe are not sustainable, are not strong, are commoditized and where you don't have an advantage for whatever reasons that comes into play. So in that sense, you might call that financial. I don't. I call it a very strategic focus on businesses you can win. And that's how we look at even looking towards CA, which is an interesting part of what you say because, Romit, the mainframe business is very alive and well. Investments are still continuing in the mainframe business. And to put it in simple terms, transactions, online transactions, a lot of them in the largest enterprises in the world cannot run without mainframe, with hardware or the software tools that drive it. So that's basically all I say to that. But obviously, ours is an operating model and a business model, and the financials is what comes out of a very strong, sustainable and secure business model.
Tom Krause: Okay. Thank you, everybody, for participating in today's earnings call.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes Broadcom's conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-06-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashish Saran - Director, IR Hock Tan - President and CEO Tom Krause - CFO
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Gabriel Ho - BMO Capital Markets Blayne Curtis - Barclays Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Harlan Sur - JP Morgan
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Limiteds Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ashish Saran, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ashish Saran: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tom Krause, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom. After market closed today, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the second quarter of fiscal year 2018. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcoms website at www.broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tom will be providing details of our second quarter fiscal year 2018 results, guidance for our third quarter of fiscal year 2018, and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ashish, and good afternoon, everyone. I am very pleased with our execution in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. We drove gross margin to 66.6%, EBITDA to 52.3% and free cash flow to 42.3% of revenue. All record achievements for us and a continued demonstration of our robust business model. We were also quite active in executing on our recently announced stock repurchase program. Since announcement over a six-week period through June 1, 2018, we have returned approximately $1.5 billion to stockholders by repurchasing more than 6.4 million shares. And we do intend to continue to be active. Consolidated net revenue for the second quarter was $5.02 billion, just above the midpoint of guidance with strong wired and enterprise storage results offsetting weaker wireless revenue. As a reminder, before I go and give you more color into this quarter, the second quarter of fiscal 2018 was a 13-week quarter, while the prior quarter, Q1 was a 14-week quarter. Segment revenue comparisons reflect this as I discuss performance by segment. Starting with wired. In the second quarter, wired revenue was $2.3 billion, growing 9% year-on-year, 22% sequentially. The wired segment represented 46% of our total revenue. Second quarter wired results reflected strong sequential increase in demand from cloud data centers and a seasonal recovery in broadband access. Solid year-on-year growth was driven by robust increase in networking and compute offloading in cloud data centers and strong growth spending by enterprise IT. We also benefited from an increase in spending on broadband capacity expansion by service providers. In contrast, however, spending on video access and in the China optical markets remained sluggish. Turning to the third quarter fiscal 18, we expect growth in wired revenue side to continue, notwithstanding the ban on shipments to ZTE. We expect demand to remain healthy from cloud data centers and enterprise IT, while broadband access remains robust. Moving on to wireless. In the second quarter, wireless revenue was 1.29 billion, growing 13% year-on-year but declining 41% sequentially. The wireless segment represented 26% of our total revenue. Second quarter sequential decline wireless revenue was deeper than usual as shipments to our North American smartphone customers reduced sharply from typically exaggerated first quarter. We did partially offset this decline from increase in our product shipments to a large Korean smartphone customer as they supported their new product launch. Looking ahead to third quarter, we expect to see the beginning of seasonal second half ramp in demand from our large North American smartphone customer as they start to transition to their next generation platform. However, we expect this strength recovery -- I mean to say, this recovery to be offset by a decline in shipments to a large Korean customer. As a result, we are expecting our overall wireless revenue to be flat, maybe even slightly declining on a sequential basis for the third quarter. Let me now turn to enterprise storage. Second quarter 2018 enterprise storage revenue was $1.16 billion and represented 23% of our total revenue. This of course included a full quarter of contributions of over $400 million from the recently acquired Brocade Fiber Channel switch business. As you may recall, we have completed acquisition of this business early in our first quarter of fiscal 2018. And as reported, enterprise storage segment revenue grew 63% year-on-year and 17% sequentially. But if we exclude Brocade contribution, second quarter enterprise storage revenue would have shown stable year-on-year performance with strong growth from enterprise server and storage markets, partially offset by softer demand from the hard disk drive market. For the second quarter, the overall sequential revenue growth was driven by broad strength from the enterprise IT sector. Looking ahead to third quarter fiscal 2018, we expect continued spend in enterprise IT to drive sequential growth in enterprise storage, and growth in cloud storage capacity will lead to a recovery in hard disk drive demand. Finally, our last segment, industrial. In the second quarter, industrial segment revenue was $263 million, growing 17% year-on-year, 5% sequentially. The industrial segment represented 5% of our total revenue. Resales continued to remain very strong with 20% year-on-year growth. And we expect this momentum to continue into the third quarter. Notwithstanding the strength today, we expect annual industrial revenue growth however to be in the mid single digit range on a long-term basis. So, in summary, our overall business remains robust and stable. Our third quarter fiscal 2018 outlook reflects this with the consolidated revenue focus of $5.05 billion at the midpoint, as we experience continued strength in wired and enterprise storage, benefitting from a very robust cloud data center and enterprise IT spending environment. Year-on-year, our revenue growth has remained very sustainable. Even without contributions from Brocade, organic revenue growth for the second quarter would have been in the high single digits. And for the third quarter, we foresee this year-on-year organic revenue growth to modulate towards our long-term target of mid single digits. We will continue to keep a consistent focus on improving margins and increasing free cash flow from our business. Our balance sheet continues be strong with over $8 billion in cash at the end of the second quarter. We also have $10.5 billion remaining on our stock repurchase authorization as of June 1st. And reflecting the very strong free cash flow generation, we expect during the balance of fiscal 2018, we plan to continue to aggressively repurchase our shares as long as we believe that we can generate superior returns in doing so. With that, let me turn the call over to Tom for a more detailed review of our second quarter financials and third quarter outlook.
Tom Krause: Thank you, Hock, and good afternoon, everyone. My comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations, unless otherwise specifically noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included in the earnings release issued today and is also available on our website at broadcom.com. Let me quickly summarize our results for the second quarter of fiscal 2018. Second quarter net revenue was $5.02 billion, in line with guidance. Our second quarter gross margin from continuing operations was 66.6%, 60 basis points above the midpoint of guidance. We did benefit from a more favorable product mix in the quarter, driven by higher than expected revenue from our wired segment and lower than expected revenue from our wireless segment. Operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $2.46 billion and represented 48.9% of revenue. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $2.63 billion and represented 52.3% of revenue. Our days sales outstanding were 50 days, a 5-day increase from the prior quarter as we saw reduction in linearity of revenue across the quarter. Our inventory at the end of the second quarter was $1.26 billion, a decrease of $56 million from the prior quarter. Days on hand remained flat from the prior quarter at 67 days. We generated $2.31 billion in operational cash flow, which reflected the impact of $117 million of cash expanded on acquisition and restructuring related activities including Qualcomm and Brocade. Please also note that we did not make any interest payments in the second quarter as these are made on a biannual basis in the first and third quarters of our fiscal year. Capital expenditure in the second quarter was $189 million or 3.8% of net revenue. As a housekeeping matter, I would also note that CapEx was $61 million higher than depreciation. Free cash flow, which define as operating cash flow less CapEx, in the second quarter, was $2.12 billion or 42.3% of net revenue and reflects the impact of acquisition and restructuring expenses. On the buyback, just to give you some more clarity. In the second quarter, we spent $347 million on repurchasing 1.5 million shares. These repurchases took place over the last two weeks of the quarter. Over the first four weeks of the third quarter, we have spent an additional $1.16 billion, repurchasing 4.9 million shares. In addition, we returned $766 million in the form of dividends and distributions in the second quarter. Turning to our balance sheet. We increased our cash balance by $1.1 billion through the second quarter and ended the period with $8.2 billion in cash and $17.6 billion in total debt. Now, let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the third quarter of fiscal year 2018. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions and we do not intend to update this guidance. This guidance is for results from continuing operations only. Net revenue is expected to be $5.05 billion, plus or minus $75 million. Gross margin is expected to be 66.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $882 million. The tax provision is forecasted to be approximately 7%. Net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $115 million. The diluted share count forecast is for 457 million shares and it does not include the impact from any share repurchases done after June 1, 2018. Stock-based compensation expense will be approximately $320 million. CapEx will be approximately $125 million. As you may recall, in connection with the redomiciling the United States and as a result of the effects of U.S. corporate tax reform, we had initially expected our effective cash tax rate on a steady state basis to be in the range of 9% to 11% per year. Following the redomiciliation, we currently expect our cash tax rate for the balance of fiscal year 18 to be approximately 7% and our long-term cash tax rate to remain in a 9% to 11% range. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks a lot, and I have few questions. I want to start off on the wired side, last quarter there was a lot of debate about why the year-over-year growth slowed so much and you guided for confident sequential growth that you just delivered. Talk a little bit about the visibility going forward. Whats driving the slight growth that youre guiding to in the fiscal third quarter? And can you still hit the mid single digit growth for the fiscal year in that wired segment?
Hock Tan: The wired segment for us, especially the networking part of it that we have very good visibility right now and its largely driven, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, from the cloud data center guys, the big cloud data center guys. What we also see, and thats probably less visible, is very strong spending patterns at enterprise. I call that enterprise IT environment, the more traditional enterprise. Thats -- those guys have also been spending. So, when you combine the two together, that portion of our wired infrastructure because as it relates to networking broadly as we describe it, is very strong. And of course, as an aside, a separate segment, we call it enterprise storage, benefits get dropped along with that. So thats why we see very strong business in what storage, I call near line or what I call data center storage business, very, very strong, both of them. And thats very visible in many, many -- in many of the situations because the cloud data center guys tend to spend in fairly lumpy manner -- in a lumpy manner. And so, you get that visibility as opposed to a more secular or trended manner as the enterprise IT guys are doing. So, to answer your question, bottom-line, that will drive our wired business to hit to our goal of mid single digit year-on-year for this year.
Ross Seymore: Perfect. Then, I guess, as my follow-up, switching gears on to the wireless side of things. Its good to see that your big North American business is starting to turn up and that the business as a whole has stabilized. Can you just talk about whether via content or the unit side, how you think about seasonality in the back half of the year, given that there are so many different moving parts of content per SKU and what different customers are doing?
Hock Tan: There are a lot of moving parts. Its easier to look at it on whole -- on a total basis and whole [ph] basis and also theres unusual factors which we all thought would happen in that. As we move from iPhone 8 to iPhone 9 generation coming out that there is some caution in the level of builds, and there is, we believe there is. But having said that, we are also seeing orders coming in what I call in a normal seasonal pattern of strength. And we do see that very clearly now, and we do see bookings that extend all the way to close to the end of this calendar year from these North American customers. So, we see that -- what you said exactly, back to -- trend of the normal patterns. The difference is, whats the mix of the new generation phones versus legacy phones. And thats what -- might lead to some uncertainty of how much content changes or increases that might be. And very frankly, visibility is not as clear. Because its hard to predict what level -- what will the mix of new generation phones versus legacy generation phones would be.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thank you. Hock, just more of a strategic question of how you view the business. So, some of the pushback on the company is that youve been so acquisitive that feeling that there is a need to do more M&A. So, just few things on that. Number one, with the current make up of the business, can you talk about the long-term growth profile as you see it? And then the second part would be, now that youre buying back stock, your view of the opportunities to do M&A versus return cash through buybacks?
Hock Tan: Very interesting question. In terms of long-term growth of this Company and the various franchise businesses that comprise our entire business and Company, we have always said and there are no reasons to change that at all to say that long-term -- that we will achieve on a long-term basis, as you look over a period of -- extended period of time an average compounded growth rate, average compounded growth rate of mid-single digits. No reason for us to change. The business model continues to be to demonstrate it. And we do not see anything that makes us think otherwise. Year-to-year, as were seeing, you may see variations from that mid-single digit. We saw that 2017 as it compared to 2016. We saw strong organic growth taking -- stripping out the acquisition, there are contributions from acquisitions. We saw close to mid double digit mid-teens year-on-year growth in 17. Were in 18 and I dont expect that mid-teen rate of growth to continue. Because as I said, its one year, but its still above in 18 mid single digits, definitely. We expect it to be moderate, down to perhaps high single digit conservatively. And expect that, but thats to be expected. You cannot expect the kind of breadth of our business in connectivity solutions largely and our major positions -- market position within connectivity solutions, especially in those markets where franchise products prevail. To keep growing higher than the rate of growth of the entire semiconductor industry, not counting memories. There is always, it has to modulate down, as I said before to a level, which is closer to the growth of the industry. We have to follow that. And the only variation to that whole thing as we think through this is simply that like all technology business, every new generation -- every time a new generation pops up and it varies in product life cycle from handsets, which is 18 months to storage, which may be 5, 6 years,. to industrial which maybe even longer that each new generation brings an increased contest. So, we have a pica above GDP growth rate, I want [ph] to say that. Hence, we end up with mid single digits on a worldwide -- on a global basis. And we will see that long-term. Even as in the short-term, we see variations and we saw in it in 17, were seeing in the 18. But it will inevitably -- we measure it over long enough period, get down to that mid single digit. 
Craig Hettenbach: And then, just as a second part of that question around how youre evaluating kind of M&A opportunities versus the aggressive steps youre taking on the buyback?
Hock Tan: We could do both, as we do basically based on return on investment as we generate cash. One of the things we are seeing is our cash flow generation, as Tom indicated in his remarks and especially last quarter -- and this last quarter is not an unusual quarter. As we focus going forward, our cash flow generation is very, very strong. Our free cash flow was north of $2 billion last quarter. And a big part of it relates to the fact that CapEx, which has been a big consumption of our cash flow over the last two years, at least, between building up capacity and building up campuses in couple of allocations worldwide, which involves big amount of money, for cost reduction -- cost reduction, operating cost reduction purposes, but nonetheless [indiscernible] CapEx dramatically dropped as we finished those programs. And as Tom said, we are looking towards CapEx level much lower than we are seeing in prior years, in prior quarters. So, thats enabling our cash generation to be fairly substantial on a quarterly basis, probably north of $2 billion free cash flow. So thats allowing us a lot more flexibility, which allows us to still look at M&A, as we do, and still be able to invest that very strong stream of cash generation in a very good return generating asset, our own shares, which is fairly -- think about shares producing -- generating over $8 billion in a company, our market talking about 8% cash on cash return, strong balance and its own shares. So of course, we will keep doing that especially with the flexibility of generating a lot of cash. But that doesnt mean we stop doing M&A. We are continuing to look and we go by the criteria we have on cash and cash return. And as we see opportunities as we still do, we will act on those M&A opportunities.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ambrish Shrivastava from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Gabriel Ho: This is Gabriel Ho calling in for Ambrish. Thanks for taking my question. I think, this question is for Hock. On the wireless, the guidance seems to be implying a flattish on a year-over-year basis in terms of growth for the fiscal third quarter. So, my understanding is, last year, the phone -- at your large smartphone OEM customer was later than normal. So, why is wireless revenue not growing and is it due to the content or more of the units?
Hock Tan: Its hard to measure it quarter-on-quarter for various reasons. In my remarks, I was very clear. At this time last year third quarter, we had both the North American smartphone maker and the Korean high-end phone maker going in the same direction. Were not -- while we are still very positive on the North American phone maker, we are not seeing strength in the Korean phone maker. Thats -- as I said in my prepared remarks, thats the reason we are seeing that difference, the major reason were seeing that difference.
Gabriel Ho: Thanks. As a follow-up. On the revenue side, you talk about operating leverage, talk about revenue growth moderating towards mid single digit, and how should we think about OpEx front as well as your gross margin, longer term?
Tom Krause: So, if I understood your question correctly, youre talking operating leverage and the model going forward. I think, if you look at the operating expenses, theyve effectively flattened out here at these levels. We might see them come down a bit, especially as we look into 19, but to fair level, we dont see -- expect this increasing from here much. We obviously think we still have a lot of leverage from a gross margin standpoint. We continue to see gross margins expand; thats the trend youve seen over the last several years. We dont see that stopping any time soon. So, when you put that together, we believe that weve got a lot of capacity to continue to improve our operating margins. And as Hock talked about, CapEx is coming down. I mean, this is largely a fabulous company, a CapEx-light company when you look at the fundamentals. And so, were driving CapEx spend to more like $100 million a quarter, which suggests you are going to be running much closer to 2% as a percentage of revenue. And so, free cash flow margins, which we have a target of 40%, we think that can continue to improve and likely improve obviously north of 40% if you do that math.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Blayne Curtis: I just want to ask on the guidance. I wanted to make sure -- it sounded like all the segments would be up but then you said not to mention ZTE. So, I was just curious how much of an impact that would be. And then secondly on just wireless, I just wanted to understand, obviously its harder to triangulate content, average content; legacy is one portion but theres also the share portion. I just wondered if you can comment on your visibility of your share at that customer, the North American customer? Thanks.
Hock Tan: We dont want to -- like to talk about share on that because in the overall scheme of things, Blayne, it makes no difference to us. It might make a big difference to somebody else, which I wont mention, but in overall scheme of things, we look our business as 20 product divisions, four different segments, some segments are up, some segments are down quarter-to-quarter but overall, very, very stable and sustainable, I mean broadly answer. So, I really dont have that much to comment on in terms of share, and we really dont want to -- dont like to comment on share. But, in regard to your first part about ZTE, again, this is -- were trying to be looking at it from a very high level. And until we have the ability to ship out, clearly ship out to ZTE, we really prefer that -- again as we said, not to comment on it. Where we stand now is products are not shipping. And thats our opposition at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Amit Daryanani: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. I just have two as well. First, just on capital allocation. Now, that buybacks are part of your broader capital allocation, does the bar for M&A for deals essentially become higher because plan B would be assuming to buy your own stock, buy something at a 8% a cash yield with no integration issues. So, Im curious does the bar for deals become higher, or how do you look at the cash on cash targets today now that you have option to do buybacks?
Tom Krause: I think Hock said it well, Ill just reiterate it, maybe a little bit more color. But basically, its a returns driven phenomenon. You can see our views on the returns of buying back our own stock based on our execution to buy back over the last month plus. So, I think thats self evident. Going forward, as Hock said, we always look to drive double-digit returns from an M&A standpoint. Obviously, we think we know how to do integration. And so, well take a risk-adjusted view of it. But as long as we think we can find opportunities that are well in excess that we can buy our own stock at, well obviously take a very close look at that. But, without that in mind, obviously the stock over the last month plus is what we try to do based on the stock that we brought back and we continue to do so, as Hock said given the returns.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And then, if I could just follow up on the wireless segment, and I understand some of the near-term discussions youve been having on this. But, as you think about the next couple of quarters in fiscal 19 on a broader level, do you think youre positioned to grow your wireless revenues in aggregate in fiscal 19 at this point or are the compares going to be such that its going to be hard to show growth next year in that business, if you are assuming flat with your two largest customers there? 
Hock Tan: We dont give outlook even beyond one quarter, much less the year. And frankly, were not about to really change that practice or policy. Because then well be doing nothing but a lot of this in every earnings call. Well give you a strategic view of the whole thing and that hasnt changed. Again, weve got franchises in those -- in every segment including especially wireless. And largely for one year look, we dont comment on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Tom, congratulations on the strong quarter. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Hock, just maybe Ill ask the wireless question a little bit different. I understand the impact that mix might have as far as your revenue growth in the back half of the year. But as you think sort of flagship to flagship at your North American customer, how should we think about content growth this time around? And perhaps differentiate between RF and other applications. And I guess, with the RF stack, well start to see some initial 5G modems coming out at the end of this year, just wondering what kind of visibility you have for continued growth of FR [ph] as the world transitions from 4G to 5G?
Hock Tan: I mean, strategically, if you go to add 5G and you go deeper and deeper in the 5G, which runs what I call the ultra high band frequency or maybe, its not so, ultra high. But nonetheless, well, you talk about anything, 3 gigahertz and beyond. You tend to push towards more and more advance [ph] thats given, thats very well proven, thats very well known. Now, when would 5G really come in and what fashion they will come in, because the initial phones will likely be claimed to be 5G, but not truly 5G. So, the specifications dont have to be as rigorous for performance. People will try to -- phone makers may use, especially on the lower end, not higher end, use softer alternatives, and soft filters and get away with EBITDA performance doesnt matter, just soft. [Ph] But when you really get deeper and deeper into 5G, you need advance filters to make it work, given. So, think of it, long-term content will step up, no question, not only more frequencies but frequencies that demand the need for above. Beyond that, who knows. Go ahead.
John Pitzer: And then, specifically as we think flagship to flagship this year from your North American customer, how do we think about your RF content growth and/or potential growth elsewhere, things like connectivity or touch?
Hock Tan: Well, if things are -- as we are seeing moving a lot, we all like to think about is how soon will normalcy in flagship phones recover, comeback to what you call normalcy. We dont know. And how do you know what is content versus unit volume, especially when normalcy -- Im not trying to doubt your question. Im saying is, you cant tell, because right now, shipments are not really normal even as we see bookings coming and strongly and hopefully we like to see normal. But then we dont see the North Korean customer be not strong as it should be.
Operator: And our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Stacy Rasgon: Let me ask that question in a different way. So I know, last year around this time, you gave us a number of content, you said at your North American customer was up 40%. Obviously that may have changed a bit, given the mix and it sounds like youre suggesting mix going forward of new phones versus legacy is an unknown. But if the mix, I guess in the 2019 was the same as what we saw this year, what do you think your content at your North American customer would be? That should be a math problem you ought to be able to do.
Hock Tan: Yes. But even I tell you, how were going to check it against revenues, which is most important. Because our legacy phone will vary. The mix of legacy phones customers increasing dramatically, you will reflect on the different set of content. What you are asking is, what the content -- its not really whats the content. Whats the revenue over the next few quarters? What its going to look like. And based on -- trying to do simple math on content, Id say you have an unknown equation which says the legacy phones may increase in percentage, which then dilutes any increase in content. And then the revenue wont reflect what you are looking for. I am basically trying to answer your question for you by saying that if you are looking for what else -- simple correlation between content increase and revenue change, I am saying that other factors that are coming in that might dilute that whole equation. And so, answering that question that you asked in simple terms, doesnt answer the underlying interest that you have. I would say in broad scope, content direction and trend hasnt changed at all. But the mix of legacy, the mix of phone SKUs, and in some situations if you look beyond North American OEM and look at other high-end smartphone makers which we sell to and their varying performance, all are superior numbers.
Stacy Rasgon: Let me ask you a question
Hock Tan: I mean your math request is easy, and I am telling the math request is that the trend in content increase has not changed. [Multiple Speakers]
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. But, I mean your old -- kind of long term kind of normalized outlook was for kind of end market units to be relatively flat, given call it premium phones arent growing very much. But, you have mid double digit - kind of over the long-term mid double digit content increase. You are not changing that long-term point of view. And that was -- by the way, that had nothing to do mix, that was a portfolio point of view as I understand. Are you still holding that long-term portfolio due for content increase?
Hock Tan: Yes. That would be long-term content increase still and will still be long-term content increase. I am interested to know that theres a mix change and theres a unit change, now that weve all seen.
Stacy Rasgon: Let me ask about storage really quickly. So, obviously thats growing well right now. And I think in conjunction with the networking portion of enterprise, you got similar of the drivers. I think storage historically has tended to be quite a bit more lumpier than the wired business and it just rose 17% sequentially and it looks on a mostly organic kind of quarter. I guess, how should we think about the drivers of that and I guess the lumpiness that may continue with that going forward? I think historically youve given -- again, a longer term kind of view of that business overall was roughly flattish, plus or minus, like how should we be thinking about the near-term drivers of that and how those may play out over the rest of the year?
Hock Tan: Let me correct some misperceptions and maybe I did not articulate it clearly enough. If you strip out Brocade, I was trying to say - if you do a year-on-year comparison you have to strip out from current year fiscal 18 results. Our revenue in enterprise storage year-on-year is single digits growth as you expect enterprise storage to typically happen. And this is stable kind of business. It doesnt do cut wheels [ph] and stuff like that, but its very stable and extremely sticky and profitable. Thats storage. And even in fiscal 18, weve seen super strength especially with near line data -- data center buying more high capacity drives -- hard drives. We will still grow maybe closer to high single digits year-on-year which is unusual for enterprise storage. What has perhaps confused mix is we now at year-on-year comparison Brocade. And that leads to that 17%. Otherwise year-on-year, please dont expect double digit growth on storage, at best flattish to single digits.
Stacy Rasgon: So, wasnt the 17% a sequential number or am I remembering that wrong?
Hock Tan: Its probably some level of sequential. Now, youre right. That sequential -- Im trying discourage if Im looking at it sequentially. Look at it, year-over-year. Sorry.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. So, you think roughly flattish year-over-year excluding Brocade. Okay. Thank you. 
Hock Tan: Yes. Roughly flattish year-on-year, excluding Brocade.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I also had two. So, question on -- I understand, we dont want to talk about specific content. There does appear to be some more competition in high mid-band bands. Do you think that is just the desire for large customers to just be -- just have supply diversity or do you think competition is catching up in technology? And if its the latter, what are you doing to make sure that youre sort of maintaining your competitive edge in based technologies?
Hock Tan: Okay. Good question. In every franchise, product line franchises we have, and we have plenty of them, we are in the lead. Thats the definition of why we call it franchise and thats our business model that we are the lead. Whether we grow it organically ourselves or acquire and strengthen and sustain those, were the number one in each of those segment, no different in wireless. Within wireless, we sell most notably RF frontend as well, in words building to it or WiFi Bluetooth combo chip, as we call it wireless connectivity. Very much were the number one ending the lead. And we always having said that, have competition. Word is such you always have competitors. But, we are always in the lead and we always, as our key business model, continue to invest as we need to continue if not extend our lead. And to answer your question, in our RF frontend, which I assume thats what youre addressing rather than wireless connectivity on WiFi, Bluetooth whether nobody even within range. In RF frontend, we are very much in the lead. And we have that lead now for many years. And we continue to invest to keep that lead. And it has not changed. Believe me, it has not changed. The lead that we have and been able to understand and design those RF frontend components, which includes -- a lot of it FBAR filters, a key element of strength. And power amplifiers, and the normal switches, and little component that add up to an RF frontend. But especially, when it relate to FBAR, we are in architecture where the benefit -- creating those RF frontend that enable high end phones to deliver the kind of performance and bandwidth that they generate that you see around you. And we continue to make sure we are very much in the lead. So, as far as were concerned, that hasnt changed. The business hasnt changed. The franchise, to answer your question directly, is not at all in jeopardy. Maybe the clear answer to all you guys out there is we do not see -- and this is not trying to be cavalier or complacent, well far from complacent in any one of our franchise business. We continue to remain the lead -- we ensure we continue to be in the leads as we look forward, one generation, two generations. That hasnt changed, the franchise is not in jeopardy.
Vivek Arya: And as my follow-up. Very strong performance on the gross margin side. I think Tom, you were mentioning that you expect perhaps more upside. Whats driving this upside? Is it just mix, is it something else? And is their way to quantify what longer term opportunity is to take gross margins through? Thank you.
Tom Krause: Yes. Good question. I mean, obviously, it is mix as well. I mean, if you look at the growth Hocks been articulating around, cloud and enterprise IT, weve added Brocade. These are all very margin accretive activities. As revenue grows as well, were seeing our businesses that were lower performing carried with it lower gross margins ones that we acquired from Broadcom in particular continue to improve. As you know, it takes several years to go from actually designing in the product to shipping new products in volume, some of the businesses we've owned for less than a couple of years. And so, all those things as well as the day-to-day normal operating improvement is driving gross margins up. Clearly, were focusing on value accretive R&D. So, were spending nearly $3 billion in R&D, all of that is focused on delivering greater and greater value of the customer, thats also very gross margin accretive. So that gives us confidence, so we can continue to improve it from these levels.
Hock Tan: And now that we have also -- let me expand a bit on what Tom is saying also. Here is the thing, if you look at the strategy of this company and the product and the market characteristics and how we address the market. We pick those franchise products and those products are strategic components typically of the customers in each of the sites, in each of the end markets we address. And as I say, one of the things thats great about technology business is it constantly evolves. Im not using the word disrupt, Im using what evolution, it evolves. It grows on switches, increases in bandwidth. Top-of-rack switch were launching now is 12.8 terabits. Features a lot, but this is capacity. The routers, we have same situation. The SerDes we have out there to support our building block products and a few -- a bunch of other products we have has now reached a level of 102 gigabit per second. As we go up high and high, the bar in challenging our products goes up correspondingly. I almost want to say, use the word in many cases, exponentially. You have to spend the money to deliver those kind of very high technology products. And it gets harder and harder as generation progresses in every one of the product. Even a simple thing as PCI Express generation 3, going to generation 4. Its a huge challenge for most silicon guys out there. We can do it. SerDes is going from 25 gigabit to 56 gigabit to 112 gigabit, as I said earlier. We are finding less and less people out there able to come even close to what we do. And because of that, were delivering high content and increased bandwidth which is big part of what we do. Higher bandwidth allows more data transfers, allows us to get better value for those products, and thats what drives the gross margin. All this is -- spending, its mostly in R&D. The spending is not in making the product more -- its not in cost of manufacturing going up, its more in the R&D spending to design and enable the product to come out. So, its normal that the gross margin goes up. Its also normal that the cost of doing R&D is stepping up. And as Tom said, we are very disciplined on how we make sure we get a good return. But really the cost of manufacturing more and more sophisticated, higher performance product doesnt change -- doesnt increase as fast as the value we add to our customers. And thats why you translate it to high and high gross margin. The same applies in wireless to RF frontend, guys, Id like to say that. Its harder and harder, the value goes up, but the cost of manufacturing goes up less. And its the explanation for why our gross margin has been trending or creeping up generation-after-generation year-after-year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon, guys, and great job on the quarterly execution. Your data center ASIC pipeline is very strong and I assume contributing to the strong year-over-year growth in wired. And our sense is that the pipeline is getting stronger and more diversified in terms of customers and product types, switching, routing, AI, deep learning, Smart NICs and so on. And it does seem like more and more the cloud titans are trying to do their own silicon. So, do you guys think that this is just a transitory phase and merchant silicon will eventually fill this void, or do you get a sense that better silicon optimization via ASICs will be a sustainable trend? And I think, this question also applies to your analog ASIC business as well?
Hock Tan: Very interesting question. Id be direct with you. I dont know the final outcome and answer either. But we see strength today, and looking forward to the next generation in both merchant silicon and ASIC implementations of the kind of products we do, they are both. And in many situations on large cloud guys who have the scale to ask for unique ASICs, some of those unique ASICs get their platform from our merchant silicon. And so, in many cases its almost an equal system play. Its a whole fabric on network play. Its not one component by itself. And weve seen that. And I would say both, merchant silicon is moving along very strongly as is ASIC or semi ASIC, semi custom development. And this is -- when you say that the cloud guys want to do their own silicon, I will phrase it to say they can only do so much of the silicon. As you know, there is a whole spectrum when you do a silicon from right at the frontend definition, architecture definition, chip definition to RF and design RTL all the way to the backend. And no cloud guy can cut across the entire spectrum, theyll do only parts of it. There is always room for a silicon supplier like us who are able to do across the entire spectrum and with $20 billion of revenues. Our scale enables us to not only do things better than most other suppliers out there in silicon, but it also gets us to the scale of cost that is hard to match and across a wide diversity of products. In other words, our cost of developing 7-nanometer spread across such a wide spectrum of products is very, very cost effective as the IP, intellectual property we develop to support many of our unique products very low. And you see that in the kind of financial performance Tom articulated.
Harlan Sur: Thanks for the insight there, Hock. And then question for Tom. You guys have a full quarter of Brocade under your wings. You were targeting $900 million in annualized EBITDA, post synergies, 60% EBITDA margins. Just given the Companys total margin profile that youre driving right now, seems like you guys are kind of already there, but wanted to get your view. Can you just help us level set where you are relative to your target and how much more you think you can drive versus prior expectations?
Tom Krause: Sure. Good question. I think at this point we feel really good about Brocade. Obviously, revenues are -- as a public company and everyone knows where the top-line on the sand was. So, revenues are strong and a lot of thats reflected in the storage business and the results there. In terms of margins, obviously, its a margin accretive deal. A lot of the costs on the OpEx side have come out; there is a little bit left to go. But, its largely done. So, if you do that math, obviously this is a business thats meeting if not exceeding our expectations. And I dont want to get any more detailed than that.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes Broadcoms conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-03-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashish Saran - Director, IR Hock Tan - President and CEO Tom Krause - CFO
Analysts: Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Limiteds First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ashish Saran, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ashish Saran: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tom Krause, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom Limited. After market closed today, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcoms website at www.broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one-week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tom will be providing details of our first quarter fiscal year 2018 results, guidance for our second quarter of fiscal year 2018, and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ashish. Good afternoon, everyone. Well, we really had a very good start to our fiscal year 2018 with first quarter revenue and earnings towards the upper end of our guidance. First quarter revenue of $5.33 billion grew 28% year-on-year and 10% sequentially. On the income front, earnings per share were $5.12, which grew 41% year-on-year and 12% sequentially. But, please, just dont get too excited by this as Q1 was actually a 14-week quarter and did include partial quarter contribution from Brocade, which we closed during the quarter. But, having said this, we do expect business conditions to remain favorable in our second quarter as well. Although the revenue mix by segment will be quite dramatically different. First quarter revenue, after adjusting for Brocade contribution was all driven by wireless growth. While we expect the second quarter will be driven by double-digit growth of our other three segments, offsetting a very sharp seasonal decline in wireless. As a result, thanks to diversification, second quarter top-line continued to be very stable.  Lets go deeper into performance by segment. Starting with wired infrastructure. In the first quarter, wired revenue was $1.88 billion, declining 10% year-on-year, 13% sequentially, and the wired segment represented 35% of our total revenue. As expected first quarter wired results reflected the bottom of the seasonal decline in demand for both our set-top box and broadband carrier access products. The well known weakness in optical access and metro end markets impacted us as well in this quarter. But in contrast, demand was strong from datacenters, and cloud shipments remained stable. Turning to the second quarter outlook, fiscal 2018, however, we have a different picture, as demand in this wired segment return with a vengeance. We project strong double-digit sequential revenue growth. And this growth is driven by very strong increase in demand for networking products from cloud and data centers as well as the weighted seasonal recovery in broadband carrier access. Set-top box continued to be flat. Now, what happened in wired is in sharp contrast to wireless. In the first quarter, wireless revenue was $2.2 billion, growing 88% year-on-year and 23% sequentially. The wireless segment represented 41% of total revenue. First quarter 2018 wireless revenue growth was driven by the ramp of the next generation platform from a large North American smartphone customer. As you may recall, this ramp was pushed out into the first quarter from the fourth quarter as compared to prior years. This push-out coupled with a very large increase in our content in this new platform, drove the substantial year-on-year growth in revenue in the first quarter. But, as we look into the second quarter of fiscal 18, we expect -- we are expecting a much larger than typical seasonal decline in wireless revenue as shipments to our North American smartphone customer will trend down sharply from the exaggerated first quarter. We expect to partially offset this decline from an increase in our product shipments to support the ramp of next generation flagship phone at a large Korean smartphone customer. This phone also comes with an increase in Broadcoms wireless content on both our RF and Wi-Fi/Bluetooth combo products. Notwithstanding such volatile seasonal -- seasonality, I should note that year-on-year revenue growth for Q2 in this segment will still be in the double digits. Turning to enterprise storage. In the first quarter of 2018, enterprise storage revenue was $991 million and included approximately $330 million in partial quarter contribution from the recently acquired Brocade Fibre Channel switch business. As reported, enterprise storage segment revenue grew 40% year-on-year and 54% sequentially. Without Blockade contribution, however, first quarter enterprise storage revenue would have resulted in flat but still stable performance sequentially. Storage segment represented 19% of our total revenue for the first quarter. Now, the Blockade revenue in the quarter was actually higher than our prior expectation of $250 million, and this has been driven by stronger than expected demand of Fibre Channel SAN switches. Our server and storage connectivity products also had a strong quarter with substantial increase in revenue driven by a ramp in Purley generation server shipments and this growth though was partially offset by a decline in our hard drive -- hard disk drive business as demand bottomed out during the quarter. Into the second quarter of fiscal 18, the contract here we expect to see is strong double-digit sequential growth in revenue in enterprise storage, driven by robust demand from both enterprise and datacenters. Finally, industrial, first quarter, industrial segment revenue was $251 million and represented 5% of total revenue. Industrial product revenue remained very robust, grew by over 20% year-on-year, resales also grew by 20% year-on-year and trended up 7% sequentially. Looking into the second quarter. We expect strong double-digit sequential growth in industrial product revenue and we continue to expect resale to trend up by the same amount. In summary, therefore, for the first quarter, as we expected, we delivered very strong financial results and completed acquisition of Brocade during that period. Our second quarter fiscal 2018 revenue outlook reflects the benefit of a very well-diversified product portfolio. We expect to fully offset the impact of a much higher than normal seasonal decline in wireless revenue with strong increases in our wired, storage and industrial segments. As a result, we expect second quarter revenue to be sequentially flat at $5 billion on a normalized 13-week basis for the quarter. However, the change in product mix will have a dramatic impact on second quarter gross margin, which we expect to sequentially expand by 100 to 150 basis points. Tom will provide more color during his earnings guidance commentary on the impact this will have on our Q2 profitability. With that, let me turn the call over to Tom for more detailed review.
Tom Krause: Thank you, Hock, and good afternoon, everyone. My comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise specifically noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included in the earnings release issued today and is also available on our website at www.broadcom.com. Let me quickly summarize the results for the first quarter of fiscal 18 focusing primarily on balance sheet and cash flow items. We delivered strong financial results for the first quarter, starting with revenue of $5.33 billion which was at the upper end of guidance. Our first quarter gross margin from continuing operations was 64.8%, 80 basis points above the midpoint of guidance as we benefited from a more favorable product mix in the quarter, driven by higher than expected revenue from the Brocade fiber channel SAN switches. Operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $2.6 billion and represented 48.2% of net revenue. EBITDA from continuing operations for the quarter was approximately $2.7 billion and represented 50.6% of net revenue. Our day sales outstanding are running on target at 45 days, a one day decrease from the prior quarter. Our inventory at the end of the first quarter was $1.3 billion, a decrease of a $156 million from the prior quarter as we depleted wireless inventory we had built up to support the large ramp in first quarter shipments. We are pleased with this level of inventory going into the second quarter. We generated $1.7 billion in operational cash flow, which reflected the impact in the first quarter of approximately $460 million in payments of annual employee bonuses for fiscal year 17, $240 million of cash expended primarily on Brocade restructuring acquisition related activities, and an additional $129 million payment to fund the legacy pension plan. Capital expenditure in the first quarter was $220 million or 4.1% of net revenue. Now, let me turn to free cash flow which we define as operating cash flow less CapEx. Free cash flow in the first quarter was $1.5 billion or 27.5% of net revenue and reflects the impact of the items I just mentioned, including the annual bonus payout, restructuring and pension contribution. Without those items, Id just note, free cash flow as a percent of net revenue would have been 43%. As a housekeeping matter, Id also note that CapEx was $94 million higher than depreciation in the quarter. We expect CapEx to continue to trend down and approach our long-term target of 3% of net revenue in the second half of fiscal 18. We also continue to make significant progress in increasing our free cash flow per share. We calculate this metric as a free cash flow divided by the sum of our outstanding ordinary shares and limited partnership or LP Units. For the first quarter of fiscal 18, free cash flow per share was $3.39, based on 410 million outstanding ordinary shares and 22 million LP Units. More importantly, on a trailing 12-month basis, free cash flow per share for the period ended Q1 18 was $13.79, an increase of 71% compared to the trailing 12-month period ended Q1 17. Now, let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the second quarter of fiscal year 18. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions and we do not intend to update this guidance. This guidance is for results from continuing operations only. Net revenue is expected to be $5 billion, plus or minus $75 million. Gross margin is expected to be 66%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $890 million. Tax provision is forecasted to be approximately $103 million. Net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $114 million. The diluted share count forecast is for 461 million shares. Share-based compensation expense will be approximately $305 million. CapEx will be approximately $190 million. Our second quarter gross margin guidance anticipates a very favorable revenue mix, driven by strong high-margin networking and enterprise storage product sales and a more than seasonal decline in relatively lower margin wireless product sales. Our guidance for second quarter operating expenses includes a full quarter of Brocade expenses and anticipates our typical increase in employee payroll taxes from the annual vesting of RSUs in the quarter. Please note that after we complete read [ph] on affiliations in United States, we presently expect our effective cash tax rate to be approximately 10%. We expect to start reflecting this new rate in our non-GAAP results starting with the third fiscal quarter of 2018. In the second quarter, we are anticipating very healthy free cash flow and expect to deliver results above our target model of 40% of revenue. Before we open the call for questions, I would like to briefly address this weeks events. Yesterday, we announced that we have withdrawn and terminated our offer to acquire Qualcomm. Weve also withdrawn our slate of independent director nominees for Qualcomms 2018 annual meeting of stockholders. Although we are disappointed with this outcome, we will comply with the order issued on Monday March 12, 2018 regarding the proposed transaction. Importantly, we sincerely appreciate the overwhelming supports we received from Qualcomm and Broadcom stockholders throughout these past few months. Indeed, I have to say, we are touched by the ISS report issued just last night that continues to recommend the Broadcom independent nominees and by our understanding that based on the vote tally as of today, the 11 Qualcomm nominees are only garnering between 15% to 16% of the outstanding shares, not necessarily something to celebrate down in San Diego. In any event, back to Broadcom. Consistent with our announcement in November to redomicile the Company, we continue to believe the U.S. represents the best location from which to pursue our strategy going forward and we dont see this weeks events putting any constraints on our ability to pursue acquisitions more broadly going forward. To that end, we also announced that we continue to move forward with our redomiciliation to the U.S. and now expect to complete this process after the close of the market on April 4th. This timing will allow us to hold our annual meeting of shareholders on April 4th as presently scheduled. Our special meeting for stockholders to vote on the redominciliation will still be held on March 23rd. So, with this, we know many of you are asking whats next. Hock and I have had the last couple of days to reflect on this. First and most importantly, we remain focused on delivering superior return for our shareholders. Broadcom benefits from a long history of technology innovation, engineering excellence and product leadership across our 20 franchise businesses. We believe this will allow us to sustain mid single digit revenue growth and increasing operating and free cash flow margins. To reflect our confidence in sustainability of the current business, we will continue targeting aggregate dividends of approximately 50% of free cash flow. This should afford us the opportunity to provide material dividend increases in the future. The allocation of the remaining 50% of free cash flow is governed by the returns we believe that we can drive via acquisitions versus buying AVGO stock and/or paying down debt. As you all know, Hock and I are quite familiar with the industry landscape. And sitting here today, we do see potential targets that are consistent with our proven business model and that also can drive returns well in excess of what we would otherwise achieve buying our own stock and/or paying down debt. If this view changes, rest assured, we will not hesitate to change our approach. Providing superior returns for shareholders has been and always will be our focus. One final point I want to make. Qualcomm was clearly a unique and very large acquisition opportunity. Given the maturity of the industry, the consolidation it has seen and our relative size now, our future acquisitions are much more likely to be funded with cash available on our balance sheet and without the need to flex the balance sheet much beyond our current financial policy of 2 times net leverage. I would like to remind you that the purpose of todays call is to discuss our quarterly earnings. Consistent with our previous call, please keep your questions focused on todays financial results. We will not be commenting in Q&A on this weeks events. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Craig Hettenbach, Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thank you. Hock, can you talk about the strong rebound expected in the wired segment? I know, you mentioned datacenter continues to be strong. Also, anything around kind of traditional enterprise, we are seeing some rebound in enterprise IT spending, and how much of that helps the segment a bit?
Hock Tan: Weve seen strength and we saw it obviously in bookings in Q1 for shipments in Q2. And we saw very large -- very -- a lot of strength in both enterprise as well as cloud datacenters in both respects. Its just strong. And its strong across full range of our networking products that I commented on. We also saw strong bookings which will translate into revenues obviously in Q2, very strong revenue recovery in our broadband carrier access, which basically reflects DSL, digital subscriber line, PON, and attach enterprise and carrier Wi-Fi. And thats typically seasonality and it came back very, very strongly. What we dont see a sharp recovery is obviously fiber optics in networking, though fiber optics out of datacenters continued to be there -- not continued but has shown renewed strength. So, basically datacenter cloud that are showing -- enterprise showing a lot of strength to offset what I call, metro networks and in our case, still continued flatness in set-top box.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it, thanks for all the color there. And then, just a quick follow-up for Tom just on Brocade, the integration, just now that you have the business, kind of how you see it performing? And then, anything we should aware of just from a margin perspective and as you take some cost out?
Tom Krause: Yes. Weve been really pleased with Brocade. Obviously thats something thats been in the works for some time. And the business we were targeting there was the SAN switching business. Its continued to sustain as we had envisioned throughout not only close [ph] period but obviously as a very good start as part of Broadcom, going forward. Clearly, its a unique asset from a financial standpoint as well, Craig, its margin accretive to the Company. We see that continue to contribute positively to earnings and free cash flow. And frankly sort echo some of the comments I said in the prepared remarks, really reflects the kind of transactions were looking to target going forward.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Seymore: Hock, I just want to talk about the wireless business. I think, everybody is pretty up-to-date on why the volatility both to the upside and then to the downside in the April quarter, given whats your largest customer is doing. I want to think a little bit longer term. As we think about the rest of this year and next year, can you talk about what you see from a content perspective across the two components of your wireless business as well as from a market share perspective? 
Hock Tan: Well, a good point. I guess, lets talk about content. And as Ive articulated before, earlier, in previous call and that view hasnt changed. On the sustained basis, Ill put it over the next five years, in a multiple sockets we have been, which as you know represents both RF frontend, Wi-Financial/Bluetooth combo chips in wireless connectivity, and touch, basically touch, phone touch and to some extent wireless charging as well. Combined all together, we have those many sockets on a sustained basis over the next Ill put three years, possibly five years. We see that content sustaining growth in the teens, double digits. This has been the way it was for the last five years and the trend towards increased content whether its 4G, 4.5G or 5G, we do not see that changing.
Ross Seymore: How about on share side of things. 
Hock Tan: Okay. On the share side, I mean, Id say this way. We have positioned the business we are in and its not just wireless, by the way, no differently in wired, enterprise storage and industrial, the core businesses, we call them franchises that we are in, all 20 of them product lines. We picked them in product line franchises to be businesses that we are very clearly out there in the lead. Technology and market share and where we continue to invest a lot of money for further innovation for progressing technology. The bottom-line to what Im trying to get at is, in those businesses, what we worry about or what we have left to worry about are really ankle-biters. And to be honest ankle-biters biggest problem, they cannot bite above the ankle.
Ross Seymore: Okay. And I guess as my follow-up question, one for you, Tom. You made it pretty clear about it the use of cash flow on the dividend side, the 50-50 split. But your commentary about what you may do with the other 50%, give a little more detail than weve heard in the past, and youve included the phrase about paying down debt and share repurchases. Was that meant to be something that those are increased probability or are you just stating the obvious as far as potential uses of the other 50%?
Tom Krause: I think, Ross, what its trying to reinforce is that Hock and I are focused on doing whats in the best interest of shareholders. And weve had the opportunity to reflect after this weeks event on obviously the go forward capital allocation strategy. And we feel, looking at the landscape that the strategy weve had in place here for quite some time remains the value to drive these returns. And I think we want to maintain that we continue to be very focused on shareholder returns. And if that strategy no longer presents this type of returns, then we will focus elsewhere.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your line is now open. 
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First, given the gross margin upside in Q2 on the heavy mix shift of the businesses, how should we be thinking about the drivers of gross margin into the second half of the year? And given that the mix shift that were seeing into Q2, maybe different as we move through the rest of the year, how
Tom Krause: I will take it. Look, I think, theres a couple of things going on, both theres short-term and theres longer. Let me comment on both. Short-term, when you look at the seasonality in the business over the fiscal year, obviously, the second half of the year is typically more wireless-weighted. Wireless, as everyone knows, tends to carry slightly lower than corporate gross margin. So, I think, I wouldnt get too excited in terms of where gross margins go from here through the end of this fiscal year. However, that being said, as you look longer term, consistent with the business model, how its been driving last 11 years, we continue to see content gains. We continue to have very good product leadership across the 20 franchise businesses. Weve added Brocade which is margin accretive. So, we dont see any reason, as I said in the prepared remarks, that as we sustain mid single digit revenue growth, youre not going to see leverage, not only from an operating and free cash flow perspective but a lot of thats going to get driven by gross margin expansion. We dont see any reason that that cant continue.
Hock Tan: And we have articulated in prior calls as far as a couple of years ago that this business model we have put in place is one that on an annualized basis, take it, as something longer term, we tend to drive gross margin expansion around 100 basis points each year, maybe plus-minus 25 basis points. But year by year, if you look back several years, weve grown gross margin or we have expanded gross margin around 100 basis points. And we believe that trend still continues.
Stacy Rasgon: So, my follow-up question, I just wanted to ask about sustainability of the storage. So, were seeing some upside, you admitted Brocade was little stronger than you had expected. And I think youve talked about this business like longer term, just given the drivers of the different segments maybe flattish. But in reality, its quite volatile. We have years where its very strong and years where its very weak. I know last year when we were seeing the strength in storage, you kind of warned us not to get too excited about the sustainability of that. How should we be thinking about the sustainability of that growth? And frankly, even in your other non-wireless segments, as were seeing that strong double digit growth into Q2, how should we think about sustainability of that versus your long-term organic growth target?
Tom Krause: Yes. So, I think youve got to unpack it a little bit right there. So, in the enterprise storage, weve got obviously the LSI businesses, the SaaS connectivity business which is an absolute franchise. It is going to move from a cyclical standpoint with the Intel server platform releases. Obviously, were in with Purley we had very good leadership position with the new products in that area, and so that business is doing well and we expect that can do well this fiscal year. Contrast that with HDD; obviously HDD we think is in slightly structural decline. We also have very good leadership position with those product lines. And so, there has been more volatility than probably Hock and I would have anticipated in that business over the last several years. And I wouldnt think that would change frankly going forward, as you look out. And then beyond that Brocade, frankly, Blockade is probably the one thats the most stable in our view. Of course, weve owned it shortest period of time, but as you look forward and thats a business that we think can sustain at the levels that we saw on a full run-rate basis in the first quarter. So, we think when you put all that together, Id echo kind of where I think youre going, which is, this is kind of a low single digit type growth rate segment as occurring report?
Hock Tan: And to add to that. The last few years -- what Tom is saying is the only volatile part of it is the hard disk drive business. And thats relative -- for years, it has [indiscernible] whole enterprise storage business we see there, [ph] components are very, very stable, grow low-single digit, nothing exciting but very, very predictable and stable. What happened probably a year or two ago, was Flash coming in the picture and stoppages and creating impact. To the extent, it creates impact which is on the consumer prime side of hard disk drive and that creates some level of impact. Beyond, as client goes down -- as the portion of the hard disk drive market and the datacenter part of the business expands what we called near line, you will see that volatility start to go away to. And what you will end up with then, our enterprise storage business has an extremely stable business, single-digit growth if at all but extremely profitable.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on the strong results. Hock, my first question goes back to the wired segment in the January quarter. And this might be kind of a move point just given how strong your April guidance has been. But, Im still trying to figure out that business being down 10% year-on-year, you characterize it as sort of a seasonal low. But Id assume year-over-year compare would touch that. And you did have the extra week this quarter that you didnt have last quarter. So, I guess Im just trying to figure out what -- you mentioned a bunch of factors in your prepared comments, and trying to figure out what was the most significant factor. And as you think about the long-term growth in this business, to the extent that you have a 5% growth rate for the overall business, how does this business fit in? Because arguably with your exposure to datacenter and cloud, this is probably the business that investors are willing to pay the highest multiple on. But, its one thats over the last several quarters has actually been growing much slower than the other businesses. And I know, theres a lot of different businesses inside of wired. But how would you think about the long-term growth rate and the moving parts on that?
Hock Tan: Right. Thats the best part of the question. But to try and answer your technical part, which is what the hell happened in Q1 and all that. First, if you compare year-on-year. If you compare year-on-year, which was Q1 a year ago, dont forget what we did a year ago, there were some exceptional items in a year ago. What we did as part of the integration of classic Broadcom to Avago is where to dispose of certain assets. And as part of that, we sold manufacturing rights, which we articulated at that time when we announced the earnings to certain companies out there as part of the disposal process on overlapping products in the integration. And that checked down the revenue artificial one-time a year ago. So, we had that little compare to hit. And the amount there wasnt small. It was over $60 million, $70 million, small by total standards of $2 billion but nonetheless its just a percentage and you worry about the 10%. So thats one thing I wanted to add on. But on Q1, to address your question on it, our wired infrastructure -- our wired business is really two parts when you look at it. One is data center, very much data center enterprise business, which is networking and thats about just almost -- its roughly half. And you have the other half, which is small carrier related, operator -- service provider related, which is really the set-top business that carrier access business and a part of our optics business, optical transceiver business, just as a part of optical transceiver and datacenters. And its very interesting that the enterprise and datacenter business which was holding up in January quarter, but the other side was all down, all down, including optical that relates to fiber-to-the-home to networks and operators, especially in China and as well as carrier access, seasonally down, set-top box seasonally down quarter. So, we have one side being dramatically down, one side holding up. Then comes April, and we see the part thats down a lot, starts to recover quite strongly, especially in carrier access, operator, [ph] the fiber optics in China on networks and set-box have not, but that part of it popped. [Ph] What we really start to see is also the other -- the half of the business in datacenter enterprise took on huge strength. A big part of it is some of the -- we start to ramp on some certain new products. I dont want to get into specific, you probably know that they are networking and they are in AI especially as well as various other programs all related to cloud and enterprise been very strong. And thats what drove this April strength. And thats the kind of the whole story.
John Pitzer: Thats helpful, Hock. And then, Tom maybe as my follow-up, I think, I understand the OpEx guidance going into the April quarter relative to period cost that come in on the payroll and Brocade. But Im just kind of curious, given that youre going from a 14-week to a 13-week, how is that impacting sequential OpEx? I would have thought just having one less extra week would have helped you on the OpEx front. And how do we think about OpEx trending from April on to the second half of the year?
Tom Krause: Yes. Its a good question. Look, we -- there is a lot of things going on. Youve got the payroll uptick because of RSUs which is material. Youve got Brocade transition costs, which we have the benefit of having a longer time between sign and close. So, were very much actually past day two [ph] now and are on way to being fully integrated. So that should come off and bring numbers down. So, as we look at the second half of the year, look, I would be thinking, youre not going to see OpEx go up anymore, probably there is trend down slightly. But were running at or about these levels when you exclude the Brocade transition expenses.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Vivek Gupta: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the continued strong execution. For the first one, Hock, I just wanted to go back to the prior line of question around wired segment, but maybe from a longer term perspective, if you just set aside the seasonal aspects. What is the right way to think about a two to three-year growth rate for the wired business? You obviously have the strength in your cloud switching and AI businesses. But, is set-top-box going to be a headwind longer term, just conceptually, do you think your wired business sort of grows in line above or below your overall company 5% growth rate?
Hock Tan: That is the one that will grow around 5%. And its because -- I didnt finish the previous question totally, I do apologize, but to answer the question on that, when you look at our wired business, it has two parts. One is enterprise datacenters, which includes the switching -- basically a lot of it is a switching, the controllers, routing, even part of routing, and even fiber optic that go to datacenters. That area we have been seeing is growing very, very fast. Now, occasional hiatus, flattening out, not going down but flattening out is happening generally as I indicated, even though demand continued to be good. But it keeps grow, and grows I would say close to probably on a year-on-year basis probably close to 10%. Then, we have the other side of business, which is more related to network service providers. And those are more volatile, more seasonal. But if you take it on an annualized basis, I would say, its practically flat. And thats why I say on an average lets say mid single digits, when you average out on a annual basis over a five-year period that itd be running at that rate. Its very strong enterprise and cloud products or -- enterprise and cloud and there continues be a lot of innovation in that area, which are right in the cycle, which we drive inside a lot of it, which includes new applications, new ways to optimize datacenters and cloud, less so in enterprise but definitely in cloud. And associated with it fiber optics that ties to cloud computing, and against that a more traditional but nonetheless very, very stable and sticky service provider wired business in the video delivery, set-top box, OTT as well and carrier access, which gateways, both on -- gateways especially for carriers. So, its a mix of the two and the dynamics of the two but its very clear that big part of the half is growing very fast relatively speaking and the other half doesnt grow.
Vivek Gupta: Got it. And for my follow-up, I appreciate that you want to talk about the earnings but acquisitions have been a key part of your strategy longer term. And if I look at most of your targets, they have been sort of digital and logic companies. Are you open to also looking outside at perhaps analog or microcontroller assets? So, without being specific about the targets, are there any frozen comps you can think of looking at analog versus digital assets in the future?
Tom Krause: Well, obviously, we dont want to get into the specifics. And I think what I would say is were open to anything that helps. One, it is consistent with our business model; two, it helps us drive the kind of returns well in excess of alternatives. So, we have obviously shown openness. We obviously did Brocade, which is more of an appliance systems business but very consistent with our strategy and will remain that way going forward. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Amit Daryanani: I guess two questions for me as well. On the wireless side, Hock, I think you talked about mid teens content growth and not too worried about competition there. I am wondering, do you think pricing dynamics could be different in the industry as you go forward because two of your largest players, still the biggest players in the industry are really struggling to I would say drive unit growth at this point. So, do you think pricing could be different as you go forward in this industry versus what you are seeing?
Hock Tan: Well, you look at the phone dynamics, actually at the high end, smart flagship status, and if you take the key assumption which we do subscribe to, that flagship status remains and continues. To remain in a flagship status, those phone makers, particular phone makers have to innovate, have to offer features that continue to push their envelope. They are probably more mindful as they will be for cost, overall cost. But a lot of our components are not gimmicks, realize. They are like basic fundamentals to a phone working in various bandwidths. To give you an example of 5G. 5G adds on a lot more spectral bandwidth, which means you did more content. Just simple basic fundamental says that going to 5G means, you find new spectrum bandwidth to operate in an every spectrum you find, you need more components in that direction. You need more bandwidth in wireless connectivity; you push in that direction too. So yes there will be. Now not necessarily every place points this. Touch screen, people might be cheaper and not push it much into it, we understand that. So thats a mix of both, which is why I say on a long-term five-year trend, the fundamental feature requirements will be lets drive growth because you are running with more of higher -- more requirements in terms of performance, even its as basic as operating in more spectral bandwidth as you go from 4G to 5G and on and on. And that alone by itself will drive if you continue [ph] that low at least low double digit in content. Thats all getting around it.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. Thats very helpful. And I guess, Tom, if I could follow up with you, you guys have been 43%, 44% net income margins today. I think, your free cash flow margins are about 1,600 basis points or so below that number. Structurally, at what point do you see these two things converging? And ideally, I would hope free cash flow margins improve, not the other your answer. When do you see that happens, when do you see these one off things abating away for you guys?
Tom Krause: Well, I think its happening. I mean that was the point of spelling it out for Q2. I mean, in Q1, you do have something that happens every year, which is we pay out our annual performance bonuses and hopefully well be able to continue to payout the bonuses weve been paying out over the past many years, going forward. So, Id expect that. But beyond that, the onetime items around the Brocade acquisition and the restructuring activities there as well as paying down the -- actually one last legacy pensions we have where there is a liability, those are onetime items. So, if you took those away, were already running well above 40%, which is actually very much in line with non-GAAP net income. So, we feel pretty good were already seeing that convergence especially as you look into Q2.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JP Morgan. Your line is now open. 
Harlan Sur: Yes. Thank you for taking my question and great to see the diversification in the business playing out. You guys -- Hock, you provided a longer term view on wired. Kind of more near term, looks like the double digit quarter-on-quarter growth in April is going to take you guys back to year-over-year growth. Given the trend that youre seeing, strong datacenter and cloud, youre ramping several new big ASIC programs, hopefully, kind of normal seasonal trends in broadband through the end of the year; second half youll be ramping Tomahawk 3, Jericho 2 but maybe still some headwinds on service provider. Net-net, do you expect full year fiscal 18 that your wired business is going to grow?
Hock Tan: Yes, for sure. Our fiscal 18 compared to fiscal 17, we see our wireless business growing, and we articulated that out mid-single digits; there is quarterly ups, quarterly downs that all taken think on an annual basis. Its just the trend from enterprise but more than that datacenters, switching from the cloud and pushing very hard for a lot more silicon products in those datacenters. Bandwidth, they need more bandwidth, they need setup pipes, [ph] they need offloading, which means chips, controller chips that are getting very smart. And I think that do things beyond what a standard CUP would do. Again, all these opportunities take -- that drive this silicon growth in this area. Bandwidth alone is driving us to keep coming up with newer and newer generation, faster and faster by the way.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for the insights there. And then, the strength in the ASIC business has been highlighted over the past few calls. Switching, routing, AI, deep learning, these are big complex digital chips. But, you also have a pretty strong ASIC franchise in mixed signal analog ASICs, things like human interface, the touch, 3D sensing, wireless power, power management. I hear that you guys forward design win pipeline in this segment continues to be quite strong. Can you just talk about the differentiators that the team brings to the table here in mix signal, analog ASICs that is keeping the pipeline pretty strong?
Hock Tan: The goal is -- yes, our mix signal thing or you call it the analog thing and the digital is, we have one of the strongest I call it analog team in terms of DSP and converting analog with real world signals to digital in order for us to do organic stuff, faithfully ADC, analog to digital converters, which is one of our key strengths. So, we dont publicize it very much because thats what we do. We have people see us as a very strong digital company but you cant just do digital alone. What we have is actually one of the strongest analog to digital conversion capability in the world. And that has enabled us to do a lot of things very well in many ways from the public eye. We can do a digital frontend ADC for even things like base stations as an example. And we do it for human interface as part of our capability and we do it for coherent receivers in DSP -- on a DSP basis. We have a strong capability of people who, best way to describe it, virtually walk on water from the view point of many of our customers. And that has enabled us to keep getting the strong backlog of programs that we are actively engaged in, in the various core business franchises were in. This doesnt deviate us from our core franchises actually, Id just say that. It just enables us to drive those core franchises deeper and deeper into performance whether it be next generation technology, whether its driving 100 gigabit per second studies or driving ADCs that push the boundaries of where -- spend on product, technology, driving products and touch screen controllers and various other things. So, we see that as very useful to capability towards continuing to sustain our leadership in those various core franchises we are in.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Your line is now open.
Edward Snyder: Hock, the comment you just made here was actually in line with what I was going to ask you about your core franchises. Youve got these franchises; youve been articulate about where you are going to go, where you dont go. But there seems to be this other area, the custom ASIC area, you did routers for Cisco few years ago and then youve got into AI. And then one of your largest customers, when you got Broadcom, you obviously moved into connectivity. But you also jumped into areas that would be considered unnormal for Broadcom a while ago like wireless charging which market itself is really way below where your margin profile is. But youve done really good job of that. So I know its not a franchise but isnt it the case that your custom ASIC is becoming kind of a franchise onto itself with the select groups of customers where you can go in and do things they cant do and offer service. If thats the case, what are the boundaries terms of what you can and cant do in that kind of franchise? Thanks. 
Hock Tan: Thats very, very insightful and perceptive question. Youre right. We have something to see there and were very careful. But we have been asked by -- I mean some of it, of course we take [ph] it out ourselves. But in some cases, certain customers who meet technology that pushes envelope like speeds of -- the accuracy and speeds of ADCs for instance. Weve been asked by certain customers into areas beyond what weve touched on. And I also mentioned that on the ADC, on the front end of the base stations as an example where weve been told by customers to design a CMOS [ph] silicon, what used to take non-CMOS processes to do and be able to achieve the same performance with much lower power and potential integration possibility. All that comes in. And youre right, we dont know where the limits are but were very careful that we do not expand resources in the wrong manner back to ROI. Every dollar or every resource we put into a program, we are very conservative, very reserved [ph] you may say about ensuring we get a very good ROI. And that comes in making sure customers put skin in the game together with us when they ask us to do programs where we are expected to as I could say walk on water. We want to make sure that we get a high probability of the good ROI in doing that. But it goes to enhance our overall business model of franchises in the various end markets we are very, very good at.
Edward Snyder: So, it is safe to say in that kind of a context, because the feedback weve gotten was that I believe it does sound like you guys do exceptional job in terms of delivering on time and performance that could get. But at least it will puzzle then, because I would have never expected you to get in the some areas that youve moved into like wireless charging for example, much more analog, much more low margin. Is it the case that once you start engaging with these customers, like the internal custom ASIC group that theyll start throwing problems to say can you do this, and so it opens up a mind or much wider swap of technologies that you could go into, if the agreement is cash correctly, so that we maybe see you do stuff that maybe a bit more uncharacteristic to be having custom ASIC group?
Hock Tan: Again very insightful and we see that. And Id just say were very disciplined, extremely disciplined just by the way we do our acquisitions, recent example et cetera, just kidding. But typically, we are very, very disciplined. And here in the use of resources in developing a program that is outside what we consider to be franchise areas, call areas, we will be very, very careful; very, very disciplined. We dont take everything thrown in our direction.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes Broadcoms conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-12-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashish Saran - Director, IR Hock Tan - President and CEO Thomas Krause - CFO
Analysts: Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Vivek Arya - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch Ambrish Shrivastava - BMO Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Chris Caso - Raymond James
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Braodcom Limited's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ashish Saran, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ashish Saran: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tom Krause, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom Limited. After market close today, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investor section of Broadcom's website at www.broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one-week. It will also be archived in the Investor section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tom will be providing details of our third quarter and fiscal year 2017 results, guidance for our first fiscal quarter of 2018, and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ashish. Good afternoon, everyone. Well, we closed our fiscal 2017 on a very strong note with solid financial results for the fourth fiscal quarter. Fourth quarter revenue of $4.85 billion grew 17% year-on-year and 9% sequentially. On the earnings front, earnings per share were $4.59 growing by 32% year-on-year and 12% sequentially. Our business continue to become more profitable through fiscal 2017. We achieved operating margins of 47% in our most recent quarter comfortably ahead of our long-term operating margin target of 45% which we had announced at the end of fiscal 2016 and EBITDA rose to 50%. This led to substantially improved free cash flow generation in 2017 which drove the 72% increase in our dividends we announced today. As you may recall, these latest dividend increase comes on top of the doubling in dividends we had announced at the end of fiscal year 2016. We remain very focus on increasing capital return to our shareholders. We also continue to successfully execute our M&A strategy having completed acquisition of Brocade early in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 this current quarter adding one more business to our broad portfolio of networking and storage franchises. Against this backdrop, clearly our business continues to be strong. All our 20 product franchises continue to perform extremely well. Before I turn to a discussion of segment results, please note that commentary today for the fourth quarter does not include any contribution from Brocade. As I look forward within each of this segment commentary, I will also touch on specific trends and growth drivers for our business in fiscal 2018. Guidance however for fiscal quarter does include a partial quarter of expected contribution from the Brocade Fiber Channels SAN business. Please also note that this first quarter 2018 is a 14-week quarter for us. Starting on Wired our largest segment, in the fourth quarter Wired revenue was $2.15 billion growing 4% year-on-year, declining 3% sequentially. The Wired segment represented 45% of our total revenue. As expected Wired segment revenue declined sequentially as the result of the typical seasonal decline in demand for our broadband access and set-top box products. Similar to a number of our peers, we also experienced a slowdown in demand for our optical products from access and metro networks. In contrast however demand from data centers continue to hold up quite well into the fourth quarter. Turning to the first quarter of 2018, we expect to see the bottom of the seasonal decline in demand for set-top box and broadband access. And if we look further into the rest of '18, we are rather excited about the ramp that we are enabling for our key cloud customers and couple of OEMs in artificial intelligence. In broadband we're also seeing increasing traction on 10G technology to support broadband video delivery. Beyond even that point, we see that 10G cable technology going full duplex. Moving on to wireless, in the fourth quarter wireless revenue was $1.8 billion growing 33% year-on-year and 40% sequentially. This wireless segment represented 37% of our total revenue. Fourth quarter wireless revenue was driven by the ramp in shipments of next-generation platform from our large North American smartphone customer. The growth was partially offset by a decline in shipments to other customers and the substantial year-on-year growth in revenue was driven by the large increase as we had indicated in Broadcom's total dollar content in this new platform. As we look into first quarter 2018, unlike the last two years we expect wireless revenue to continue to grow sequentially as the ramming demand from our North American customer this year was pushed out compared to prior years. Going beyond that into '18 - into the rest of 2018, we see significant increase in FBAR content driven by the need for additional filtering at the antenna. We are also very excited by the launch - the second half of '18 of the next generation WiFi products, the 802.11ax which we expect to see happen at retail and progressing to handsets. Let me now turn to our enterprise storage segment. In the fourth quarter 2017, enterprise storage revenue was $645 million growing 15% year-on-year and declining 12% sequentially. The storage segment represented 13% of October revenue. Sequential decline in storage revenue was driven by an anticipated correction in demand for hard disk drive products. In contrast, our servers and storage connectivity business, the [immigrate] business experienced an increase in demand driven by the Purley server launch cycle. Looking into the first quarter 2018, we're seeing this Purley launch continue to gain traction and drive very strong growth in demand for our several storage connectivity products. We also expect HDD described demand to have bottomed in the first quarter and start to recover. Starting with the first quarter of fiscal 2018, the enterprise storage segment - this enterprise storage segment will include Brocade Fiber Channel SAN business which is expected to generate a partial quarter revenue contribution of $250 million in Q1 fiscal '18. Beyond this as we look into 2018 we see the storage landscape in being driven fairly well by our products supporting the adoption of All-Flash arrays in storage appliances infrastructure with our PCI Express and NVMe technology. Finally our last segment industrial, fourth quarter industrial segment revenue was $257 million representing 5% of total revenue. Revenue for this segment grew 59% year-on-year, 8% sequentially and this strong year-over-year growth however included a impact from a large increase in our IP licensing revenue which as you know tends to be quite lumpy in nature. What is significant is that sustainable industrial resale continue to grow double digits year-on-year and looking into the first quarter. While we expect IP licensing revenue to decline sequentially, industrial shipments and resale are likely to continue to trend as they did in the preceding quarter. And in fact for the rest of 2018, we see the strong adoption and ramp of our optical isolation products to continue to drive growth coming from electric vehicles. So in summary, for the fourth quarter fiscal quarter we delivered very strong financial results. Our first quarter fiscal 2018 revenue continues to be good as we see an outlook of $5.3 billion which includes the partial quarter contribution from Brocade. This will position us we believe for very strong start to the new fiscal year. We have made great progress I believe in executing to all key parts of our strategy through fiscal 2017. Solid revenue growth and improved profitability which ended up exceeding our current financial targets led to a significant increase in capital return to our shareholders. These achievements coupled with the expected rapid integration of Brocade and a background of continued strength in our various businesses will allow us to now improve on our long-term target operating model particularly as it applies to 2018. While we will continue having said all that to target long-term sustainable revenue growth of just 5% even as in the first quarter fiscal '18 we're seeing double digit growth, we are increasing the gross margin target to 65%. We expect to sustain R&D expenses at about 15% of net revenue and drive SG&A expenses below 3% of net revenue. These positions us to increase the target for operating profit margin to be 47.5% and sustain a 50% EBITDA margin for this company. With that, let me turn the call over to Tom for more detailed review of our fourth quarter financials and first quarter outlook. Tom?
Thomas Krause: Thank you, Hock and good afternoon everyone. My comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise specially noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP and our non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release issued today and is also available on our website at broacom.com. Let me start first and comment on the progress we have made toward our long-term target operating model. As Hock outlined and I'm pleased to report for fiscal '17 we did exceed our long-term target of greater than 60% gross margins and 45% operating margins. We delivered fourth quarter 2017 gross margins of 63.3%, a 250 basis point increase from the same quarter last year and operating margin of 47.3% which was a 580 basis point increase from the same quarter of last year. On capital returns as you recall, starting last year we did increase the target for aggregate dividends to 50% of free cash flow on a trailing 12 month basis and a result of that financial policy did double our dividend at the end of fiscal 2016. Leveraging the significant improvement in profitability and operating cash flow generation in fiscal 2017, we announced today a 72% increase in dividends. This increase takes our interim dividend to $2.75 per share or $7 per share on a full-year basis and represents an approximate return of $3 billion annually to shareholders. We closed the acquisition of Brocade three weeks into the fiscal quarter of 2018. We completed the divesture of Brocade's campus WiFi and switch business to [Arras] for 800 million in cash in the first fiscal quarter of '18 and we also sold Brocade's headquarter building in Santa Clara for approximately 225 million in cash also in the first quarter. These transactions along with the completion of other some of other smaller deals marks the completion of portfolio rationalization activities for the Brocade acquisition and resulted in lowering the total consideration for Brocade with approximately $5 billion. We look forward to fully integrating Brocade over the next few quarters and expect our total operating expenses in fiscal '18 including Brocade to remain within our target of 17.5% of net revenue. Let me take a moment to reiterate our financial policies which remain committed to going forward. We expect to continue to target long-term component gross leverage of approximately two times EBITDA as long as the cost of that debt remains attractive. We also plan to continue to target aggregate dividends of approximately 50% of free cash flow on a trailing 12 month basis. Given our free cash flow generation, we believe that this will also allow us sufficient balance sheet flexibility to pursue acquisitions that are consistent with our proven business model. As we look forward, the credit quality of the business continues to strengthen and remain focused on maintaining and improving our investment grade rating including in our current debt. As Hock mentioned we're also updating our long-term target operating model. Sustainable long-term revenue growth remains at 5% on an annual basis. Gross margin target increases to 65% and operating margin targets increased to 47.5%. Target free cash flow as a percent of revenue increases from 35% to 40% and I would note that includes a long-term CapEx target remaining at 3% of net revenue. With that let me quickly summarize the results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 focusing primarily on balance sheet and cash flow items. We delivered strong financial results for the fourth quarter starting with revenue at $4.85 billion which grew by 8.5% sequentially and 16.9% year-on-year. Our days sales outstanding were 46 days, a decrease of three days from the prior quarter. Our inventory at the end of the fourth quarter was $1.447 billion flattish from the prior quarter. We generated $1.959 billion in operational cash flow which includes the impact of $345 million payment to fund our legacy pension plan in the U.S. Free cash flow in the fourth quarter was $1.726 billion or 35.6% of net revenue. I am pleased that even with the impacts from the pension payment which is approximately 7% net revenue, we were able to drive free cash flow conversion above the 35% target we had set last year. Capital expenditure in the fourth quarter was $233 million or 4.8% of net revenue. As we've indicated on prior calls, we expect overall CapEx to decline meaningfully starting in 2018. We expect CapEx to approach our long-term target of 3% of net revenue in the second half of fiscal '18. Moving on to additional items and the cash flow statement, a total of $439 million in cash was spent on the company's dividend and partnership distribution payments in the fourth quarter. We received approximately $4 billion from the issuance of long-term debt to finance the Brocade acquisition and we also received approximately $440 million from the sale and leaseback of the Irvine campus. We entered the fourth quarter of the cash balance of $11.2 billion but Ill note the cash balance was an elevated level through the fourth quarter in anticipation of closing the acquisition of Brocade. Now let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 which includes expected contributions from Brocade's Fiber Channel SAN business for a portion of the quarter. Also to note, this is a 14-week fiscal quarter. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions and we do not intend to update this guidance. This guidance is for results from continuing operations only. Net revenue is expected to be $5.3 billion plus or minus $75 million, gross margin is expected to be 64% plus or minus one percentage point, operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $900 million, tax provision is forecasted to be approximately $106 million, net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $126 million. The diluted share account forecast is 458 million shares. Share-based compensation expense will be approximately $300 million. CapEx will be approximately $210 million. And as a reminder, our first quarter is generally a weaker quarter for operating cash flow due to the payment of our annual employee bonuses relating to the prior fiscal year. In addition we do expect to start incurring cash restructuring expenses related to integrating Brocade. Okay, finally before we open up the call for questions, I do want to briefly address where we stand on redomiciliation and Qualcomm. First on redomiciliation, on November 2, I think as everybody knows we announced our intent to initiate a redomiciliation process to change the parent company of the Broadcom Corporate Group from a Singapore company to a U.S. Corporation. The redomiciliation will occur whether or not there is corporate tax reform in the United States. The redomiciliation is subject to a shareholder vote and is expected to be affected in a manner intended to be tax-free to shareholders. We are confident that our shareholders will support this move. The final form and timing of the redomiciliation and a shareholder vote will depend in part on tax reform efforts in the United States. On the Qualcomm front, on November 6 we made a proposal to acquire Qualcomm for a per share consideration of $70 in cash and stock. Our proposal represents the 28% premium over the closing price of Qualcomm common stock on November 2, 2017 the last unaffected trading day and a premium of 33% to Qualcomm's unaffected 30 day volume weighted average price. We expected the proposed transaction would be completed within approximately 12 months following the signing of a definitive agreement. Earlier this week on December 4 we notified Qualcomm of our intention to nominate a slate of 11 independent highly qualified individuals for election to the Qualcomm Board at the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders which Qualcomm has announced will be held on March 6, 2018. The highly qualified slate brings significant technology sector financial and operational experience. While we have taken this step, it remains our strong preference to engage in a constructive dialogue with Qualcomm. We firmly believe that this complementary transaction will position the combined company as a global communications leader enabling us to deliver more advanced integrated solutions for our global customers and drive enhance shareholder value. We continue to receive positive feedback from stockholders and customers. In addition, after having had initial meetings with certain relevant antitrust authorities, we remain confident that any regulatory requirements necessary to complete a combination will be met in a timely manner. Given our common strengthen and shared focus on technology innovation, we're confident we can quickly realize the benefits for all stakeholders. As a reminder, the purpose of today's call is to discuss our quarterly earnings. Please keep your questions focused on today's financial results. We will not be commenting in the Q&A on Qualcomm or the redomiciliation activities. With that, let me turn it back to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Stacy Rasgon: First I guess a tactical one. Given where it's falling in Q1 how much revenue in OpEx is actually really coming in, in that extra weeks. Should we think of both of those as a full week or is the revenue may be less than a full week and the OpEx is a full week? What's the best way for us to think about the different puts and takes in your guidance impacted by that extra week.
Thomas Krause: I think is as you look at the seasonality in our business and you look at where we are in Q1 relative to where seasonally typically going in Q2 you can you can argue I think we believe it's less than an additional week of contribution. And OpEx what I would suggest to you is flat because we're basically just taking an extra week from a payroll and other [front] perspectives on the OpEx side.
Stacy Rasgon: For my follow-up I wanted to ask a little bit about the guidance and particular the segments. So you said wireless was up, I wasn't sure if that was because of the extra week or if that was normalized for the extra week and I guess given the metrics wireless seems like it is strong storage looks like it's bottomed and other pieces are growing. It seems to me the wired infrastructure may still be down sequentially, I guess if I normalize for the extra week given the drivers that Hock talked about. I guess could you give us a little more color on, I guess how much of the strength in wireless is extra week versus normalized and I guess what are those drivers for the rest of the guidance imply for wireless as we go to January quarter.
Hock Tan: The best way to describe is to expand a bit on what Tom was saying is, you know 80% of our revenues is direct OEM revenues and so the extra week had very little impact for Q1 in terms of topline revenue. The industry revenue does have an impact obviously on a bases that is resale is very time base and so you might say on overall revenue basis from if I were to have an estimate that additional week provides probably an additional one foot addition of a week's revenue you are going to look at it. But as Tom indicated expenses we will be showing a full week of expenses which are largely for a company of our nature obviously salaries, people costs. So full week of expense is probably one third of a week of topline is the best estimate to put on a consolidated basis. And based on that to answer your question on wireless, it really doesnt make much difference. Our wireless business is all direct largely. It makes very little different that there is an additional one week, but it is strong. As I indicated in my remarks, it is strong because of the fact that unlike the year before and the year before that as well, the rollover of the product life cycle of a North American, lot of American smartphone manufacture has been sort of push-out, push-out by over one month.
Stacy Rasgon: So, I guess the wired outlook then is just the set-top box I guess bottoming in Q1 which is driving that or there other numbers.
Hock Tan: Set-top box and broadband access, carrier access is bottomed out in Q1. Against that datacenters continue to be okay, good and a big part of it driven by the ramp of our opportunity in AI in cloud and a couple of OEMs.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Seymore: Hock I want to follow-up on the wired side of things. The last couple of quarters on average you've been kind of the low to slightly below mid-single-digit growth in that business. You talked a little bit about what the broadband access and set-top boxes has done, you talked about optical and AI side. If we think about those three buckets as we look into fiscal 2018, can you just talk about the direction that they should go, is there going to be the optical side snapping back or this year it seemed like you had a number of headwind that might not persist into next year. So any color you could give on an annual basis would be helpful.
Hock Tan: Sure, and you did touch on that in your saying that is true. In 2017 especially second half of 2017 in our wired business which we run into lot of puts and takes but quite a bit of headwinds in that whole regard simply because especially in the second half you start to see decline, seasonal decline in broadband, very much broadband than in the later - and especially in optical, we all have seen the slowdown in demand from metro and access network particularly out of China but against that we see datacenters continue to perform very well. And the net result of it was, has been relatively slow to flattish, if you look at the whole year, flattish slow single-digit growth in wired in 2017 with those headwinds. 2018 the sense we have is we've seen a lot of those headwinds and the worst of those headwind seems to be over, datacenters continue to be very well - presenting itself very well not just from switching routing which have always been very good for all this period but also the additional push from deep learning chips that we are providing for a few large customers. And against that, given that we have seen the worst on broadband I think wired business in 2018 will probably grow over 5%.
Ross Seymore: Tom switching gears over to your side for a moment, the free cash flow target increasing from 35% to 40%, the dividend increase was a bit more than I expected at 72% it seems like you guys actually were closer to 60% of free cash flow. So I guess as we go forward one is the policy change at all, are you giving back more and then two what's the biggest driver of that free cash flow margin increasing, is it one-time charges going away, profitability increasing any color on those will be helpful.
Thomas Krause: So Ross obviously you can do the calculation on the free cash flow just based on the cash flow statements but there were a couple of things that we took into consideration. One, as I think you know we had a big campus initiative both in Southern California around the Irvine Campus and then up here and in San Jose and a lot of that is tail off and then we went off and actually monetized the Irvine Campus which we just reported. So we thought we should give back that portion as well to shareholders in form of dividend. So that's the biggest driver, the CapEx initiatives beyond that will really around the test program the confinement work we did which I think is largely done. And then of course we delevered, we delevered around the pensions. So we had the [gear] pension which is the LSI pension that we inherited when we bought LSI several years ago. We took steps toward derisking that pension by fully funding it in affects and turning it more into a fixed income based portfolios. So we think that was the right thing to do but it was also a onetime event that hit free cash flow and so we backed it out. Going forward really it's all about the business model and the financial model that gets put out of that business model that Hock articulated earlier. CapEx is coming down to 3% as a percentage of revenue which is consistent with the fabless or largely fabless business model and given the operating margins of the business a balance sheet that's got 2x gross leverage you know less than 4% sort of average cost of debt capital we think 40% is a very achievable target.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Craig Hettenbach: Hock now that you've closed Brocade can you talk about just the synergies from a technology and product perspective and the implications to your enterprise storage business?
Hock Tan: Well, the main reason we acquired Brocade very simply put it that we believe that product line is a very sustainable product franchise. It fall and also certain customers with mission critical data center storage requirements. They need to use Fiber Channel SAN storage area network. The more conventional so to speak basis of iSCSI, IP networking stuff not of a performance level, quality level that will address those mission-critical requirements that financial institutions as an example agencies, governments need to make work in those storage systems. So it's fairly unique in some regards but it's a nice addition to our store enterprise storage portfolio where we tend to address more conventional storage requirements and we see this business as a business that will continue into the foreseeable future and not just in America worldwide simply because this storage - this kind of storage system and network fiber channel is literally bulletproof, mission-critical systems and practically not hackable.
Craig Hettenbach: If I could just follow-up and look to expand on your comments about AI and you know the type of visibility you have in some of those product ramps, as well as just the role you expect ASICS to play from your side?
Hock Tan: Well we believe a lot of these emerging requirements that we're seeing in very specific application-specific end market specific requirements fall deep learning as we call it artificial intelligence other people call it when you need training and you need inference on large databases that continually upgrade. We tend to see that's been very customized. A lot of software that needs to be written on a hardware silicon platform that because of the particular nature of the application will tend to be very customized and we are making, we're producing cut in a nutshell ASIC of custom silicon solutions that addresses those market niches and it's pretty substantial. And our visibility today is extremely good in terms of the demand for this product.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Pitzer: Hock in your prepared comments you talked about excitement around continued FBAR content increases in fiscal year 2018. I am kind of curious to what extent is that just new flagship phones growing as a percent of the overall mix where content growth has already been very strong. To what extent is an expectation that maybe flagship phones that get introduced in calendar year 2018 will continue to have content growth and to the extent that it's the latter - this year you gave us pretty explicit guidance as to how much you thought your content was going up, I'd be curious as we look out to calendar year 2018 how we should think about that FBAR content story.
Hock Tan: Well, it's an interesting story and by the way to answer your question it is on the same old story again of our more FBAR and more [band] this is not - this is actually thing of filtering as being stage. This is literally - most of the front end modules we talked about in the past where we have power amplifiers, and FBAR filters we tend to put it close to the transceivers where you filter signal that our channel by the antenna. What we're seeing here is going in and filtering the signals close to the antenna and before a channel is down to the front-end module. That's the thing that have changed. Some of the craving additional level of filter level of states of filtering which in effect increase -- and that increases the amount of filters unique and this advance are the only thing that can do very effectively those filtering that we call it extraction of signals at the antenna. And the benefit of all that it allows antenna to be shared as opposed to multiple antenna.
John Pitzer: Any sense on what this new application can do to your dollar content in the phone?
Hock Tan: Probably should tell you as we progress through the year. Now might be a bit to mature, but eventually it's going to increase it.
John Pitzer: And then as my follow-on Hock, I just wanted to get back to your AI comments in the prior question, it just seems like over the last couple of quarters, I wouldn't say you were being dismissive of the market opportunity, but you clearly werent sort of highlighting it as one of the key drivers. It sounds like you're being a little bit more front foot on the AI opportunity. Did something change and can you help us understand how you're thinking about your TAM in this market over time?
Hock Tan: Well, the dollars as they affect us have certainly grown a lot. So I guess I better had make a few comments on it as dollars drive it.
John Pitzer: Any sense on how we should think about the total addressable market over a three-year horizon Hock?
Hock Tan: We see driving our dollars to a level not dissimilar, but significant levels not that far off from even now switching revenue.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America, Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya: Just first as a near-term question on wireless. Hock on the last call, I think you said and you expected Q1 to hold, which at that time sounded flattish. Now you're saying Q1 could be better. My question is that something changed, was it just perhaps conservatism before, but more importantly, how do you track the sell through of the different flavors of products that your customer is setting to make sure that you're shipping in line with sell through?
Hock Tan: Well, as I mentioned on your latter question, 80% of our revenues, over 80% goes direct to customers and we get very good visibility in orders backlog with our customers. So that just I believe that in fact is pretty clear, over 80% goes directly to our various customers itself. And that enables us to track very well, that also enables to attract that over shipment in terms of in a sense that a customer has taken more products than they truly need because it adjusts itself very, very quickly. So it's just doing it directly as opposed to going through any distributor or middlemen. And as far as the question on wireless, yeah I can answer, it's not nothing we consolidate them. Since we last talked a quarter ago, visibility has obviously become full -- crystal clear and we're just in interest of being transparent, we're just passing on what we see today.
Vivek Arya: And then for my follow-up Tom, you raised your long-term targets on margins. When I look at gross margins versus what you reported in Q4, there seems to be another I think 170 basis points of upside to the 65% target. But on operating margin, you're already above the target. So I'm just curious what's driving that Delta.
Thomas Krause: Well, I'm not sure if I totally understand your question, but, yes, basically as you look at it with Brocade, you're right, we're running 64-ish guide. I think what you're seeing consistently, and probably the key driver of the overall financial model of the new targets is our ability to continue to drive gross margin expansion. But I think a lot of that ties back to the business model and continue to introduce more and more content rich products that carry higher values. And I think that's what's driving and it's consistent for a very long period of time. And obviously given the scale of the company, we'll continue to reinvest in R&D at a very healthy clip 15% of expanded revenue. But we're growing mid-single digits, obviously we did better last year. We're keeping SG&A lean and simple which is consistent with our model, and that gives us leverage. So you're right, I think we'll continue to monitor the long term model. We've obviously updated it a number of times over the past several years, but right now we're very comfortable with a target of 65%, 47.5% operating margins.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Shrivastava with BMO. Your line is now open.
Ambrish Shrivastava: Hock, I just wanted to visit the longer term driver for wireless specifically in '18. Besides the N10, you also talked about WiFi in the back half of the year. And I think correct me if I'm wrong, you said first retail and then it starts to show up in handsets? So can you give us some idea on what that would do to content within the handset space, and then I had a quick follow-up as well.
Hock Tan: Well, it does, but when you're trying to run it over time it becomes very hard and I'm very [low] to give you misleading answers. But all it does is definitely directionally pushing in the right direction. And I've always indicated to you guys, on a long term basis is what you're asking year-on-year, we are seeing dollar content increase which I'll say a large part of this content increase driving topline revenues in wireless closer to the range north of 10%, 10% to 15% annually on an annual growth rate basis. And that's all content increase in our view where there is an improvement of WiFi connectivity through 802.11ax and/or more FBAR as we enhance the RF experience on smartphones, it all comes back to the same thing. We seem to see based on history empirically that last five years CAGR, Compounded Annual Growth Rate, CAGR is around the mid-teens. And using that - and using the trends in architecture and designs and [indiscernible] or phones that the next five years will see that same CAGR of mid-teens.
Ambrish Shrivastava: And then on the non-wireless side, Marvell and Cavium are proposed to be combining. Just from your vantage point, does it or does it not change the competitive landscape the way you see it? Thank you.
Hock Tan: We don't really see any material change at all as far as our business is concerned. As far as their business is concerned, of course, there could be major impact, and I'm not dismissing that at all. But as far as we are concerned and our various franchise businesses are concerned, we do not see any impact.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan Sur: On the OpEx guide, if I assume the OpEx run rate similar to Q4 for core Broadcom, and then normalize to the 14-week quarter and then try to back out the implied Brocade OpEx, I'm actually coming out with Brocade OpEx contribution on an annualized basis around $280 million which is right where you want your Brocade OpEx to be post integration back when you first announced this acquisition. So am I doing the math correctly? And I guess the question is how much more cost synergies will be coming out on the integration plans over the next few quarters?
Thomas Krause: I think the benefit of being able to spend a little extra time between sign to close, and of course, the benefit of being able to announce number of the sale processes which were in effect with structuring activities in time has helped us get to our target model with brocade factor. Now, that doesn't mean there isn't more to do. I would suggest we probably got about 20 million a quarter in operating expenses in the business right now on a run rate basis that still need to come out of the model. But we are ahead of schedule relative to where we normally would be when we close the deal. And I would expect over the next six months or so, we'll be trending towards sort of getting that 20 million out of the business on a quarterly basis.
Harlan Sur: And Hock question for you. As we speak with many of your datacenter customers, they're all anxiously awaiting Tomahawk 3, 12.8 terabytes of total switching throughput. I think the bigger opportunity here is that you're moving the market to 50 gigabits per switch port using this new PAM-4 technology which means that you not only change to switch silicon but you have to change the [indiscernible] products and after components as well. So you've got a lot of potential for content enhancement here for you and the team. So I guess the question is, are you still on track to get Tomahawk 3 to customers end of this year, beginning of the next year? And do you have a view as to how big this opportunity could be for the datacenter business probably starting in 2019?
Hock Tan: Answering your first question, yes, we are very much on track to get samples out to our customers by the end of this year, calendar year. Very much on track. And as far as how big the impact will be, well to be fair, and that's not - I hope that may not get carried away. Tomahawk 3 which goes to 12.8 terabyte throughput, will just replace to a large extent, the existing versions of Tomahawk 2, we just thought that to be fair, and Tomahawk 1 which is 3.2. Now, of course, it replaces 8 by 4x and gives us therefore room opportunity for delivering more value to our customers. But at the end of the day, the number of sockets - there's a total level of replacement of existing sockets. With higher throughput equivalent, silicon, no doubt, which gives us some enhanced the dollar value, but it's not a total add-on in the overall scheme of things.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Chris Caso with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Chris Caso: Your first question is regarding seasonality and how we should be thinking about the April quarter. Of course, I know you don't want to provide guidance for that now. But as we build our models, I assume we would be taking out the extra half week of revenue as we model out April. How should we also be thinking about wireless therapies? I guess there was some extra wireless revenue in the January quarter during the push-out. How should we think of that as we build out our April expectations?
Thomas Krause: Chris, obviously we're not going to give guidance on the April quarter. What I tell you is, yes, there is a little bit of the extra week. That's right. But I think more importantly, we've talked about the long-term model here is mid-single digits. And I think that's where we plan to be a going forward.
Chris Caso: And just as a follow-up on Brocade. You guys had set out some targets. I think it was 850 million EBITDA. My assumption, what you're talking about will take any additional 20 million out that basically gets you to that target. Are you still - stand behind that target the potential if you do a little better than that?
Thomas Krause: No, I'm sure Hock believes we can do a little better than that, but we certainly are in and around that target today in the business. Actually, I think what we are happy about is the business is performing very well. It's performing on plan and we think it's a great addition to the other 19 franchises we have in the portfolio.
Hock Tan: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes Broadcom's conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-08-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashish Saran - Director, Investor Relations Hock Tan - President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas Krause - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Romit Shah - Nomura Securities International John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Harlan Sur - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Welcome to Braodcom Limited Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ashish Saran, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ashish Saran: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tom Krause, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom Limited. After market close today, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investor section of Broadcoms website at www.broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one-week. It will also be archived in the Investor section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tom will be providing details of our third quarter fiscal year 2017 results, guidance for our fourth quarter fiscal year 2017, and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. Please note that starting with the first quarter of fiscal 2018, we will only provide sequential revenue guidance as a range at the consolidated company level. This is consistent with the majority of our peers and customers. Given the puts and takes at the segment level during the quarter, which often end up offsetting each other, segment guidance is often not the best representation of likely results at a company level. We will of course continue to report and comment on actual results by segment. This fourth quarter will be a period of transition and we will provide you with some color on guidance by segment during this call before implementing our new approach to guidance in the first quarter of 2018. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ashish. Good afternoon, everyone. I am very pleased actually with our performance for the third fiscal quarter with solid contributions from all our segments. We delivered strong financial results with revenue, gross margin, and earnings per share, all above the midpoint of our guidance. Third quarter revenue of $4.47 billion, grew 6% sequentially and 17% year-on-year, with all segments delivering year-on-year growth. On the income front, earnings per share were $4.10 growing by 11% sequentially and 42% year-on-year. We are also looking forward to completing the acquisition of Brocade and subject to the satisfaction of the remaining closing condition, we presently expect to close this transaction within our fourth fiscal quarter 2017. However, please note that our guidance and commentary today for the fourth quarter does not include any contribution from Brocade. Let me now turn to a discussion of our segment results. Starting with Wired, our largest segment in the third quarter, Wired revenue was $2.2 billion, growing 5% sequentially, 7% year-on-year. The Wired segment represented 50% of our total revenue. Overall, this was a very good quarter for the segment, driven by seasonal strength in set-top boxes and robust demand from datacenters for both our merchant and custom silicon products. However, we did start to see softness in demand arising from Chinese operators for our optical and broadband access products. Turning to the fourth quarter, we do expect Wired segment revenues to decline sequentially arising from the seasonal weakness in demand for our broadband access products industry-wide. Notwithstanding this softness, we foresee the Wired segment to continue to trend up very well on a year-on-year basis. Moving on to the Wireless segment, in the third quarter, Wireless revenue was $1.3 billion, growing 12% sequentially and 27% year-on-year. The Wireless segment represented 29% of our total revenue. Third quarter Wireless growth was driven by the start of a ramp from our large North American smartphone customer as they started transitioning to their next-generation platform. Revenue growth for us was further augmented by a large increase in Broadcoms total dollar content in this new platform. Ramp of this new platform is now in full stride as we begin Q4 fiscal 2017. We expect this to drive very strong sequential growth in Wireless revenue for fourth quarter and year-on-year would project strong growth in this segment as a result of our content gains. As we also mentioned in our previous earnings call, our product shipment to support the rev this year of this North American smartphone maker were push out compared to prior years. As we look to the first quarter accordingly, our fiscal 2018. Unlike what occurred in the last two years, we presently expect Wireless revenue to hold up sequentially. Turning to Enterprise Storage, in the third quarter Enterprise Storage revenue was $735 million and represented 16% of our total revenue. This segment grew 3% sequentially, 39% year-on-year. Growth in the quarter was primarily from our HDD products, while our server and storage connectivity business continue to hold up well. However, as noted in our last earnings call, we do not believe this strength to be sustainable in hard disk drive and sure enough we expect a sharp decline in demand for our hard disk drive products in the fourth quarter, driven by the start of an anticipated correction in a hard disk drive market. On the other hand, we expect our server and storage connectivity business to start to benefit from the [indiscernible] launch as it starts to ramp during the quarter. So despite these anticipated sharp correction in hard disk drive year-on-year, we expect this Enterprise Storage segment to show double-digit growth. Finally, our last segment Industrial, in the third quarter, Industrial segment revenue was $238 million and represented 5% of our total revenue. Revenue share grew by 6% sequentially, 18% year-on-year, the strong year-on-year growth, however, included the impact from a large increase in our IP licensing revenue, which as tends to be quite lumpy in nature. Notwithstanding, the Industrial re-sales continued to trend up very firmly with high single-digit sequential growth and over 10% year-on-year growth and we expect Industrial re-sales to continue to trend up strongly in the fourth quarter. So in summary, for the third fiscal quarter, the demand from all our markets continued to be firm and we delivered mid single-digit sequential revenue growth that was propelled by the start of the new platform ramp from a North American smartphone OEM. The operating leverage in our model enables us to drive double-digit sequential growth in our earnings per share. Turning to the fourth quarter, even as we foresee sequential revenue declines in other segments, we project the strong wireless growth to accelerate our consolidated revenue growth sequentially by over 7%. Our year-on-year revenue growth in 2017 has been very robust with double-digit second and third quarter results and projected fourth quarter results in a similar range. Strong end markets more than just wireless have contributed to this growth, but it would not be prudent to expect this level of growth to sustain long-term. We operate in a relatively matured end markets that we assume likely to grow over the long-term close to GDP rates or in the low single-digits. Given our strong position for our product franchises, we do not assume market share changes to contribute to our long-term revenue growth. However, we do expect our technology innovations to continue to drive content gains and enable us to push our revenue growth rate above those of end markets. And this leads to our assumption around a very sustainable long-term year-on-year target revenue growth of mid single-digits as we have previously indicated. With that, let me turn the call over to Tom for more detailed review of our third quarter financials and fourth quarter outlook.
Thomas Krause: Thank you, Hock and good afternoon everyone. My comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise specifically noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP and our non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release issued today and is also available on our website at broacom.com. As Hock mentioned, he went through, we did deliver very strong financial results for the third quarter, starting with the revenue at $4.57 billion, which grew by 6.3% sequentially. As he also just highlighted, year-on-year growth for the third quarter again was quite substantial at 17.5%, which is well ahead of our sustainable long-term growth rate targets of mid single-digits. Foxconn was the only greater than 10% direct customer in the third fiscal quarter. Our third quarter gross margins from continuing operations was 63.3%, 30 basis points above the midpoint of guidance. Turning to operating expenses, R&D expenses were $652 million and SG&A expenses were $116 million, totaling $768 million or 17.2% of net revenue for the third quarter. I would highlight that this was $19 million below guidance primarily due to lower than projected  lower than forecasted project expenses and the tail end of the synergies that we are realizing from classic Broadcom integration activities. Operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $2.06 billion and represented 46.1% of net revenue. I am pleased that we are able to achieve our long-term operating margin target of 45% this quarter. Provision for taxes came in at $88 million, slightly above our guidance. This was primarily due to higher than expected net income. Third quarter interest expense was $112 million and other income net was $12 million. Third quarter net income was $1.87 billion and earnings per diluted share was $4.10. Our share-based compensation expense in the third quarter was $251 million. Moving onto the balance sheet, our days sales outstanding were 49 days, an increase of four days from the prior quarter primarily due to the ramp in wireless revenue late in the quarter. Our inventory at the end of the third quarter was $1.43 billion, an increase of $120 million from the beginning of the quarter, reflecting an inventory build to support the strong growth expected in Wireless in the fourth quarter. We generated $1.66 billion in operational cash flow, which includes the impact of an increase in working capital. We also expanded approximately $50 million in cash on classic Broadcom restructuring integration activities in the third quarter. Free cash flow in the third quarter was $1.4 billion or 31% of net revenue. Capital expenditures in the third quarter was $255 million or 5.7% of net revenue. I would highlight this includes approximately $90 million expended on campus construction projects. As you may recall, our CapEx have been running at elevated levels over the last several quarters, largely due to the construction of the partially built Irvine campus we had acquired as part of the classic Broadcom transaction. I am pleased to note that earlier this month at the start of our fiscal quarter, we completed the sale and leaseback arrangement for the Irvine campus and received approximately $443 million in sale proceeds. We will continue to have CapEx expenditures at the Irvine campus as we complete improvements to the lease space throughout the balance of the year. We expect overall CapEx to decline meaningfully starting in 2018 and well provide more color on that topic on our next earnings call. Moving on to additional items on the cash flow statement, a total of $438 million in cash was spent on Company dividend partnership distribution payments in the third quarter. We ended the third quarter with the cash and short-term investment balance of $5.45 billion. Our cash balance remains at an elevated level, which we expect will continue through the fourth quarter and anticipation of closing the pending acquisition of Brocade. Now let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions and we do not intend to update this guidance. This guidance is for results from continuing operations only. Net revenue is expected to be $4.8 billion plus or minus $75 million. Gross margin is expected to be 63% plus or minus one percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $780 million. Tax provision is forecasted to be approximately $96 million. Net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $100 million. The diluted share count forecast is for 457 million shares. Share-based compensation expense will be approximately $261 million. CapEx will be approximately $230 million. On the Brocade front, we have received regulatory approval in China. And as Hock mentioned subject to the satisfaction of the remaining closing conditions, we presently expect to close this transaction within our fourth fiscal quarter of 2017. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, if you could please open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Hock, I know this is our last shot at getting segment guidance, so forgive me for taking advantage of that. But as you talked about the Wireless segment, can you give a little bit more color about what you meant by the fiscal first quarter holding up? Is that mean better than seasonal, up or down sequentially, any more color there would be appreciated?
Hock Tan: Sure. Well from Q3 to Q4 as we have said that in the last earnings call, we expect probably to drive up our revenue, careful of my choice of word  but it drive up about 30% to 40% sequentially on Wireless alone. And because of the delayed shipment and everything just shifts further out, so we expect in Q1 that Wireless revenue would probably hold close to the same level as what we will see in Q4 fiscal 2017, hope that helps?
Ross Seymore: It does. That helps a lot. And then a question Tom for you a little bit longer term. You mentioned about the CapEx coming down as we go into next year. So not going to ask you for any more details on that, but as we think about a 35% free cash flow margin target and a 45% target for your operating margin, I know there's some deltas in between those two, but it doesn't seem like it should add up to quite 10 points. Can you talk a little bit about what might bring that free cash flow margin target a little closer to the 45% operating margin or is it not going to approach that?
Thomas Krause: No, Ross, I think that's very fair. As we've seen operating margins and EBITDA margins continue to expand and you look at sort of the one-time items this year around the campus activity, some of things we're doing in the backend, the restructuring activities we've taken on, and you're going to see that continue to converge. I don't see the interest expense levels or other items that would tax rate dictate any expansion in that number. So I think as we get into the New Year and we update you on the financial model, I think there is certainly room for more conversions.
Ross Seymore: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Yes, great. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on the solid results. Tom I had a question on gross margins. You're guiding Q4 gross margins down. I think about 30 basis points at the midpoint, despite the outlook for significantly higher revenue. I was curious if this is simply a function of customer mix and perhaps conservatism on your part? Or are there other factors at play here?
Thomas Krause: Toshiya, I wouldn't say its conservatism. If you look at the mix of business in the fourth quarter, obviously Wireless is a much larger percentage of overall revenue. Wireless traditionally, as I think you probably know does carry below average  below Broadcom average gross margins. And so when we see such a change in mix, you're going to see some pressures and headwinds on margins. I think despite all that, however, we're very confident that we can maintain relatively flat gross margins here, which are obviously running at record levels.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you. And then as my follow-up Hock, I had a question on your appetite for further M&A. I realize you guys are still working on Brocade right now, but beyond that given what you see in the pipeline and given current valuation levels, I was curious how I guess hungry you are in terms of M&A. In the past you guys have talked about your 15 product groups, and I guess 19 including Brocade. But when you think about your pipeline and your team's capacity to run businesses, how many additional product groups do you think you can manage? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Good question. So far this thing  actually we have 19 product groups right now. Brocade would add a 20th one. And do we have capacity for more? Yes. Our machine is running very smoothly. We can certainly do more.
Thomas Krause: Yes, and Toshiya I think as you know in terms of capital allocation, we've focused on maintaining a balance between getting back 50% of free cash flow to shareholders in the form of the dividend and then focusing the balance of the 50% on M&A. And I think we continue to believe we can do that and do it successfully going forward, obviously Brocade is the latest instance of it, but we see an opportunity going forward to maintain that model.
Toshiya Hari: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Great. Thank you. Hock, I had a question on the merchant silicon, particularly Jericho versus Tomahawk. One of your key customers recently spoke favorably about some momentum for Jericho. If you can just kind of update us kind of where both of those are and how youre feeling about the ramp in both Tomahawk and Jericho?
Hock Tan: Well, those are very good  those two products by the way is a whole  for each of them is a whole set of generation of Tomahawk switches and Jericho generally are router switches. So both are used in different place, and both are doing very, very well and are very well received in datacenters, both public datacenter  the public cloud datacenters as well as even private enterprises. And it's running very well. And in terms of ramp, see, we have constant upgrades to those products. We have launched since last year, Tomahawk and Tomahawk plus thats Tomahawk I. We have launched this year Tomahawk II. We should be doing Tomahawk III by the end of this year. And it will keep going on as we engineer new innovative next-generation products for our cloud customers, especially our cloud customers who desire higher and higher throughput and bandwidth. And same applies to Jericho, which is a newer product, which is a routing products using aggregation and spine. And that's also going in the same direction as we create generation and potentially future generation of those products. So we see those two to maintain a very, very strong market position in the networking connectivity business.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And then just as my follow-up, just your commentary around kind of being able to drive content growth to get to competitive growth mid single-digits, which is the target. Clearly we see a lot of the wireless growth coming through and you talked about that, but just more broadly across the organization, any areas that you more optimistic about the ability to drive higher content and market growth?
Hock Tan: I would say we are very, very broadly positive about content growth, because this is the underpinning of our business model, which is using technology, leading-edge technology in very proven markets to keep driving innovation and performance for our key customers in each of those applications. We see that in networking. We see that in Enterprise Storage. We see that in even in Industrial and of course Wireless very much so. So that's the underpinning our business that every generation and every generation may spend annually to as long as, three, four years depending on the particular handset market segment its in, but it will happen. And each time it happens, we provide performance, we provide good value to our customers and that allows us in term to create a return on the investment in R&D, we make to generate that basically in higher content in the premium prices.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Hock, for my first one, when we look at your RF content, very strong this year, but broadly speaking RF overall is getting to be a bigger part of the bill-of-materials for large smartphone customers close to 10% or so. Is there a limit to how big it can be at some point? Do you think customers will start to complain? Or do you still see enough value being ordered by RF that we could consider this is a growth area for the next several years?
Hock Tan: That's the continuing challenge that applies not just to RF into our broadband access even into our networking business, which is the ability to deliver more and more value features and by extension content IP into our products. I do not see that stopping. Not visibility wise for the next three years.
Vivek Arya: Okay. And as my follow-up, I think Tom you mentioned do you have exceeded your non-GAAP operating margin targets already. How much more leverage is in the model? And more importantly, how do you trade-off sales growth versus driving towards certain operating margin, because when I look at many of your other peers in semi, a number of them are targeting perhaps faster growth, but at lower operating margins. So just conceptually, what is  how do you drive the right balance between driving to a certain level of profitability versus achieving above industry growth? Thank you.
Thomas Krause: Yes. Vivek, I think Ill piggyback of Hock. It all ties back to the business model. And I've been here about six years and Hock has been here obviously over 10 years driving this model. And I think margins started out in the 30s, and Hock got here as gross margins that were in the 40s and I got here I mean the model continues to focus on investing in value added product development and delivering better value for customers and for us. So I think what you're seeing is constant increase in margins both gross margins and then with revenue growth in our operating margins. So we expect that to continue going forward.
Hock Tan: Vivek, let me add to that. Tom is exactly right in saying that, think about it. Weve 19 product franchises. Each of them are in specific end markets. You might almost say niche markets in some cases. And we are always part of this niche markets and some of them end up as the mass market as the market moves to the niche we happen  to have picked. And it's about developing products using technology we have and continue to evolve the technology, which are the best, superb in those end markets we are in. We are number one typically in those end markets. Number one in technology leadership, number one in markets. And we keep investing again and again over the years to develop new product generation. We do not manage this business by numbers. We just manage it based on this model, based on addressing market demands and let the numbers fall where they may, as long as we believe, we're getting value and a good return on investment we make in those niches we are in. We just sustain those niches. And the numbers you see us roll together is what arises as an end result of this business model. We don't try to trade-off revenue against margin, that doesn't work. Is the basic business model that says in each of the 19 product groups we are in. We are the best than it is, and we get the bigger share and that market continues to need new product innovations and we supply it. And by doing that, the revenue is whatever the revenue turns out to be and the margin gets richer and richer as we provide more and more technology and the end result is consolidating all this 19 divisions, you get what we show you. And you get a gross margin that continues to expand as I mentioned because the nature of this technology markets enable us to keep evolving new products with higher content and a higher price premium.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura. Your line is open.
Romit Shah: Thank you very much. That was helpful gross margin commentary. I wanted to ask about OpEx because for the quarter you're guiding, it's coming in a lot lower than what I was anticipating. And Tom, I think you've previously sort of guided OpEx closer to like 18%-ish as a percent of sales, and in October, we're going to be closer to 16%. So I'm curious if 16% is sustainable, what's the right way to think about OpEx going forward?
Thomas Krause: Yes. Rom, we'll update this a bit next quarter, but obviously revenue has exceeded our expectations this year and as well ahead of what we would anticipate as long-term sustainable growth. So whenever you do that over a short period of time, you're going to look better on the OpEx side as a percent of revenue. I think if you focus on the dollars, what we've been saying, we continue to sort of hanging in around [7.75, 7.80] level. There's some puts and takes around project expense and when people come on board or leave, but at the end of the day, that's kind of where we're running and we'll give you an update on how we think about next year  next quarter.
Romit Shah: Okay. Sure. And then on Enterprise Storage just given how much is up year-on-year. Do you think it's reasonable for us to assume that this decline you're seeing in the October quarter may extend beyond this fiscal year that this inventory correction may go on for a couple of periods?
Hock Tan: Romit, you got a very good question for which I don't have a very certain answer. But you're right. We were saying for the last couple of quarters, be careful about hard drive, it looks too good to be true. It would begin to look that way. And so, yes I tend to  like to agree with you to say that you may extend beyond Q4 to even Q1 next year and that will likely happen. Having said that year-on-year, our storage business seems to be what it should be, which is firm, but flattish. That's what wed like to see Enterprise Storage over the long-term. What we see this year 2017 appears to be a bit of divergence from that, but I think we'll get back to normality perhaps in 2018 and to see being sort of flattish year-on-year, which is where Enterprise Storage should be as a very stable sustainable volume business.
Romit Shah: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon guys. Hock, last conference call, you talked about content gains in the handset this year, I think approaching kind of 40% year-over-year and clearly, I think we all understand the RF story. I was hoping to get a better understanding, if you could talk about what's going on in kind of the combo chip wireless side of the market and other opportunities that you might have to be gaining content on the handset side?
Hock Tan: Youre asking very difficult question for me to try to answer, as I mentioned in the last time, we have multiple sockets in those high-end flagship status smartphones, multiple sockets, doing multiple key functions in those phones. So to be able to pickup one versus the other, they are different, youre right. The first answer, so I can answer for broadly across except to say that broadly across as you go from one generation to the next in those flagship smartphones. The functions we do  drives towards more and more complexity, more and more functionality and certainly more and more performance. And to do it, chips get  the chips we do, the [indiscernible] we do on the case of cellular connectivity, in the case of wireless Bluetooth integrated chip, the same thing applies as we go from 802.11am first to ac, ac second wave and in the next year or two to ax. It goes for more and more performance, multiple users and with it, a larger and larger chip that require some more and more investment to make it performed and which allows us to ask for higher and higher price for the value we provide to the end-users. And the other thing, whether it's a WiFi, Bluetooth connectivity or GPS or RF analog which we also do or even the touch screen controller, all then have the same characteristics that each generation of phone requires more and more performance and complexity.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. Hock, and just my follow-up, in your prepared comments, you did call out kind of optical and optical China areas of weakness, can you just remind me again how big of the Wired business that is? Do you think this is a one quarter phenomenon and we get back to some sort of growth sometime in the January timeframe or how are you thinking about kind of the demand price youre seeing in that part of the Wired business?
Hock Tan: I could give you something, but I've been a selfish person that I am in the biggest scheme of things. Why we hotchpotch of bunch will stop together, all of them very strategic to us. On one side we have networking, on the other side, we have broadband from set-top box to broadband access gateways, networking switches, routers, whether it's much in silicon or ASICs to interconnects, Fiber Optic interconnects and building block Physical Layer products and embedded SoC  embedded CPUs what it called use and things like VOIP phones and what it call point-of-sale terminal, you can see how broad it is. And to be honest, yes, we point out sort of always puts and takes and couple of product lines are strong, other products lines are strong and we'd like to give you a bit of color sometimes, I regret giving you too much color, because you will start thinking of new particularly and really it does  it have an impact in this particular quarter, but you may not impact the next quarter. You get what I mean, so yes, broadly look at it as a broad spectrum of Wired combining networking as well as access product lines and that just moves along in a very, very stable manner growing and demand from 5% to 10% on an annualized basis, best way to look at it, because it involved in it our product lines that grow very slowly and some that are very more exciting as you guys are laid upon. If I talk about the exciting things, you might extrapolate to see the whole 50% of our revenue growing like weed, when it doesn't. So I do want to be very careful in making sure I clarify all this for you guys.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and good to see the diversification in the business plan out here. I know your ASIC development pipeline is pretty strong that switching and routing service provider, AI, deep learning and a whole bunch of other mixed signal and analog stuff. It's very diverse like the business, diverse set of applications and markets. Can you just talk about the competitive landscape within your ASIC business and we all know the benefits of ASSP or off the shelf, but is the team seen an uptick in customers wanting to do ASICs and if so, what's driving this trend?
Hock Tan: Customers wanting to do ASIC. In order to be honest, its harder and harder to do ASICs now from a broader industry trade. As you go from 28 nanometer, which seems our history to 16 nanometers to now, increasingly 10 and seven the costs of designing ASICs is exponentially growing. And you can probably understand why, as the process, and the process technology and equipment goes up very, very sharply. So unless you are a player, a system guy with very high volume of system OEM or even end-user with very large volume of a particular part is very expensive for you to want to do ASICs for your particular needs. And if you do, we're happy to address it, but we are finding out at this kind of the  at this stage a very high bandwidth because you need to address those high bandwidth, high throughputs, you need very advanced CMOS technology becomes very, very expensive. And to be honest, I think we can foresee a trend towards merchant silicon in those networking applications.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for the color there. And then on the storage side, I didnt here you mentioned anything about your SSD business? You guys obviously are supplying into two of the top three enterprise SSD companies. I think on the enterprise SSD side, they are not seeing as much issues shortage wise is because that's where the highest profitability per bits are and I think some of your customers are growing these businesses like 30%, 50% year-over-year. I'm just wondering are you seeing this kind of trends in the business or do you think that this segment is also sort of subject to some of the supply constraints?
Hock Tan: You are obviously reading the signs out there all very correct that enterprise SSDs are very much in demand, very much in short supply, but nonetheless on the trend basis growing very rapidly and we are supplying a lot of the flash controllers into those assets  those SSDs among a particular  a few of those very successful SSD suppliers and ensure  and we are benefiting from the  and I agree we will. But again on the overall scheme of things, even in our storage business, it helps add to our total revenue of $700 million to $800 million every quarter, and we love that. Again the puts and takes in the overall scheme of things, and it helps us get our revenues, doesn't move the needle some, but not tremendously. But back again we see because we are the lead in the enterprise flash controllers, so we do get the benefit from that back to the franchise model with the lead  we had one with the technology and we keep put our head down and continue to grind and benefit from that growth. So we do see that growth.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for the insights Hock.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Hock, I did want to ask you, obviously the focus is on North American customer. But if you could just comment on the Korean customer, your ability to hold share and grow content, they obviously just launched a new phone. But as you look into next year as well, if you just comment on your ability to continue to grow there as well?
Hock Tan: We have the same phenomenon, actually very powerful phenomenon. Well, the Korean customer, obviously, you have a range of phones from high-end flagship phones down to feature phones, low-end smartphones. And our products are very well represented in the markets we are good at. India flagship phones, still there. And our ability to keep driving away our new products, new technology continues unabated. Every year, new generation were there.
Blayne Curtis: And I do want to ask you on the non-mobile WiFi side, 802.11ax, when do you expect to see some revenue from that? And what type of driver could it be for you?
Hock Tan: Well, that's very interesting question. We are sampling our chips now. We're enabling the enterprise access points markets and trying to enable the  basically the enterprise access and markets in ax. And we are sampling now and we probably wont get into production until around middle of next calendar year. And that's how long these things take because a lot of software, not just hardware, but we're very positive about it and we're pushing it very nicely.
Blayne Curtis: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon, guys. I guess to start off with, on the free cash flow side, you guys have obviously fairly strong free cash flow conversion this quarter despite some of the working capital inefficiencies you had. So maybe just help me understand, the working capital inventory uptick that you had this quarter, does that all sort of get rectified in the October quarter? Or given the fact this product was delayed a little bit, at least the launch was, does working capital normalize more in Jan and April for you guys for next year?
Thomas Krause: Yes. We'd expect things to normalize this particular quarter, given where we are with our fiscal year-end and we see a big ramp at the end of Q3 and then it normalizes in Q4, so we would expect that to shake out and be more back to normal in Q4.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And then, I guess, just on the Brocade transaction, any change on the revenue and EBITDA contribution that you guys had expected when you announced the deal today? And could you just remind me what approvals are remaining at this point for you guys to get done, because I think you just got China approval recently.
Thomas Krause: Yes, no change. I think Brocade just came out with their earnings results this afternoon as well. And the SAN business, which is the business we targeted with Brocade, continues to perform well and in line with our expectations. And so it's going to be a business we think generates $1.3 billion plus revenue and $900 million plus of EBITDA on a run rate once integrated. On timing, I think both Hock and I mentioned Q4, we're highly confident that we're going to be able to get there this quarter, obviously being delayed. No one likes that, but we are working through various approvals. We did get MOFCOM. What's left is CFIUS. CFIUS plays a very important role and we certainly respect that. And were in active dialogue, weve been through that with them multiple times before. And I think like we said, were pretty confident we're going to be able to get there this quarter.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. Thank you. End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you. And with that, ladies and gentlemen, we conclude our Q&A session and program for today. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect. Have a wonderful afternoon.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-06-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashish Saran - Director, IR Hock Tan - President and CEO Tom Krause - CFO
Analysts: Blayne Curtis - Barclays Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Harlan Sur - JP Morgan John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research Ambrish Shrivastava - BMO Srini Pajjuri - Macquarie Securities Steven Chen - UBS
Operator: Welcome to Braodcom Limited Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ashish Saran, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ashish Saran: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tom Krause, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom Limited. After market close today, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the second quarter of fiscal year 2017. If you did not receive a cope, you may obtain the information from the Investor section of Broadcoms website at www.broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be made available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investor section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tom will be providing details of our second quarter year 2017 results, background to our third quarter fiscal year 2017 outlook, and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to are non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over the Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ashish, good afternoon everyone. I'm actually quite pleased with our performance for the second fiscal quarter with solid contributions from a broad number of our franchises. We delivered strong financial results with revenue, gross margin, and earnings per share, all above the top line -- top end of our guidance. Second quarter revenue of $4.2 billion, grew 1% sequentially and 18% year-on-year. The seasonal sequential decline in our Wireless segment was less than expected and more than offset by contributions from all other segments. All segments, even wireless delivered year-on-year revenue growth. On the income front, earnings per share were $3.69, growing by 2% sequentially and 46% year-on-year.  Let me now turn the discussion of our results by segment. Starting with Wired, our largest segment. In the second quarter, Wired revenue was very stable at $2.1 billion, growing 1% sequentially and 3% year-on-year. The Wired segment represented 50% of our total revenue. Wired continued to remain a very consistent end market and performed in line with expectations. As you may recall, in the preceding quarter, Wired revenue included approximately $16 million of revenue related to the assignment of certain manufacturers right to a customer. This did not repeat in the second quarter; however, we were able to more than make up for this amount with growth- from enterprise networking and start of a seasonal increase in demand for our broadband access and set-top box products. Turning to the third fiscal quarter, though we expect seasonal strength in broadband and sustain cloud data center spend, and consistent with this outlook, we expect Wired revenue growth to accelerate into mid-single digits sequentially. Moving onto Wireless. Second quarter, Wireless revenue was $1.15 billion, declining by 2% sequentially, but growing 45% year-on-year. The Wireless segment represented 28% of our total revenue. The low-single-digit sequential decline in revenue was better than expected due to stronger than anticipated end-market demand. The sequential decline was driven by the bottom of the annual product cycle transition at our major North American customer, offset by the ramp of the next generation phone at our large Korean smartphone customer. Generation to generation, we also benefited from significant increase in Broadcom cellular and WiFi connectivity content. Moving on now to the third quarter. We expect to see the beginning of the second half seasonal growth in our Wireless segment revenue. We expect this growth to be driven by the start of a ramp from a large North American smartphone customer as they transition to their next generation platform. On top of this, we are also expecting a substantial increase in our total dollar content from the eight Broadcom products we will be supplying into this new platform. The national ramp of this next generation platform; however, appears slower this year, compared to prior years. But we believe, this will likely accelerate in our fourth quarter. Our third fiscal quarter outlook reflects this expectation and notwithstanding the 40% content growth. We project sequential growth in our Wireless revenue to only approach double digits on a percentage basis. This outlook also reflects an expected decline in shipments to our last Korean smartphone customers. Let me now turn to Enterprise Storage. In the second quarter, Enterprise Storage revenue was $712 million, growing 1% sequentially and 36% year-on-year. Storage segment represented 17% of our total revenue. Surprisingly, this segment continued to hold up and perform as expected. Hard disk drive and custom SSD shipments grew while SaaS and RAID sustained, offset by a seasonal decline in Fiber Channel shipments. During our previous earnings call, we express a cautionary tone around enterprise storage for the third quarter; however, we continued to see stability in most of all sustain bookings. We expect storage revenue to grow in the low-single digit sequentially into the third quarter. And finally, our last segment Industrial. In the second quarter, the Industrial segment revenue was $223 million, growing by 24% sequentially, much better than expected primarily due to higher IP, intellectual properties that is licensing revenue from a large deal we closed in the quarter. Industrial revenue grew 23% year-on-year and represented 5% of our total revenue. Re-sales of our industrial products continued to trend up very firmly in the second quarter, and we expect this to continue to be strong into the next quarter. As we look to the third quarter, we expect Industrial revenue to grow in the mid-single digits sequentially. So in summary, demand in the second quarter, historically our weakest seasonal quarter, was stronger than expected. For the third fiscal quarter, end markets in Wired, Enterprise, Storage, and Industrial continues to be strong, while wireless turns out and starts a slower than usual seasonal second half ramp , although, we do expect it to accelerate dramatically in the fourth quarter. This leads to up projection of consolidated revenue growth of around 6% sequentially for the third quarter. With that, let me turn the call over to Tom for more detailed review of our second quarter financials and third quarter outlook.
Tom Krause: Thank you, Hock, and good afternoon everyone. My comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise specifically noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP days is included in the earnings release issued today and is also available on our website at broacom.com. For the second quarter, starting with the revenue of $4.2 billion, which grew by 1% sequentially. Year-on-year, growth for the second quarter revenue was 18%, which I would notice continues to be well ahead of our long-term growth rate targets of mid-single digits. Foxconn was only the greater than 10% direct customer in the second fiscal quarter. Our second quarter gross margins from continuing operations were 63.1%, 70 basis points higher than our prior quarter and 110 basis points above the midpoint of guidance. The improvement in gross margins is primarily due to higher revenue and better than expected IP licensing revenue within our industrial and other segment. I would note, we do expect to be able to sustain these gross margins going forward. Turning to operating expenses, R&D expenses were 677 million and SG&A expenses were $122 million, totaling 799 million or 19% of net revenue for the second quarter. This was slightly higher than guidance as we accrued for a larger projected annual bonus compensation expense, driven by better than expected operating income. As I mentioned last quarter, we are comfortable at this relative level of operating expense given our current portfolio of businesses. Operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $1.85 billion and represented 44.1% of net revenue. We now have line of sight to achieving our long-term operating margin target of 45%. Provisions for taxes came in at $78 million slightly above our guidance. This is primarily due to higher than expected net income. Second quarter interest expense was a 112 million and other income net was 3 million. Second quarter net income was 1.67 billion and earnings per diluted share was $3.69. Our share based compensation expense in the second quarter was 216 million. Moving onto the balance sheet, our day sales outstanding were 45 days, an increase of two days from the prior quarter due to a reduction in linearity of revenue in the quarter. Our inventory ended at 1.31 billion, a decrease of 25 million from the beginning of the quarter. We generated 1.58 billion in operational cash flow, which does include the impact of an increase in working capital. Expenditures on classic Broadcom restructuring integration activities continues to decline as expected, as we expanded approximately $50 million in cash on these activities in the second quarter. Free cash flow in the second quarter was 1.33 billion or 32% of net revenue. I would note, we are making very good progress towards our long-term target of 35%. Capital expenditure in the second quarter was 256 million or 6.1% of net revenue. As a reminder, we do expect our long-term CapEx to decline to about 3% of net revenue. A total of 437 million in cash was spent on company dividend and partnership distribution payments in the second quarter. We ended the second quarter with cash and short-term investment balance of 4.45 billion. Our cash balance is running at elevated levels, which we expect will continue through the third quarter anticipation of close and depending acquisition of Brocade. Now, let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions and we do not intend to update this guidance. This guidance is for results from continuing operations only. Net revenue is expected to be 4.45 billion plus or minus 75 million. Gross margin is expected to be 63%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately 787 million. Our tax provision is forecasted to be approximately 86 million. The net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately 100 million. Note, this reflects anticipated interest expense on our long-term debt of 112 million offset, largely by other income including interest earned on our cash balance. The diluted share count forecast is for 456 million shares. Share-based compensation expense will be approximately 255 million. Capital expenditure will be approximately 240 million. As you have seen, our Board has declared a dividend of $1.02 per share to be paid later in this fiscal -- third fiscal quarter. Were looking forward to completing the acquisition of Brocade, which is proceeding as planned and subject to the satisfaction off the remaining closing conditions. We presently expect to close this transaction on or about July 31, 2017. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Blayne Curtis: Just want to follow up on the Wireless side you said its slow ramp . I was just kind of curious, is this the timing or magnitude? I think you have meant that its going to be more in Q4, but if maybe you could just wrap some color around that?
Hock Tan: Its timing. I think, it is timing; last year, the similar ramp was earlier -- was stronger in Q3 probably because it was earlier. And here the initial volume in our fiscal Q2 was smaller, made up with content on our side, but definitely Q4 is forecasted to be larger.
Blayne Curtis: And then, you mentioned this from the Storage side, you had some conservatism on the second half and you're seeing growth. Maybe if you can just talk about, what you're seeing on the Storage side that is growing? And then, what are you seeing. I think the hard drives where you're most concerned, whats making you feel better about that market?
Hock Tan: Well, it's growing -- its growing as we mentioned pretty much single digit, low-single digit. I would say it's at a high elevated level and kind of staying there for now in Q3. Q4 of course as we expressed in a cautionary manner is a whole new game. Visibility is -- obviously, we are not booking everything in Q4 here, but we pretty booked Q3.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya : Thanks for taking my question and great job on consistent execution. So my first question Hock, can you please address these recent media reports about the potentially large bit for Toshiba's assets? I realized the details are not public, but there is a very large amount of money involved. And I think investors are keen to know how you're thinking about it conceptually and whether you are still committed to being disciplined around maintaining your free cash flow returns and not taking big technology risks when you consider M&A.
Hock Tan: We are very committed to our business model of only having franchises, very much though. And as I mentioned, all 18 of our product lines are product franchises in connectivity solutions. We are also very committed to not only those franchises but generating lots and lots of free cash flow which we top of -- which we will return to shareholder. All that up on model, no change. Bottom line, don't believe everything you read out there, please.
Vivek Arya : I see. And then secondly on the Wireless business, I think you gave some good color for Q3. Just one question on Q4 and then maybe longer term, Q4 when I look in the last 5 years, the median sort of sequential growth has been close to 30%. So, is that the kind of level that you're thinking about this year or maybe even better given the delayed shipments of those phones and a higher content you've suggested? And then longer term on that same Wireless theme, I think one of your competitors, Qorvo recently outlined some plans to perhaps take some share at your large customer with the High Band PAD. And I wanted to see, how secure you think your competitive position is on next year's phone models? Thank you.
Hock Tan: There is a lot of questions and content. Ill start with the serious one. We don't forecast beyond one quarter you know, bad practice frankly because we could be very sadly wrong. But obviously, what we are also seeing is from the limited visibility we see, we see the ramp beginning in our fiscal Q3 which as you know is an off calendar ramp by one month, July. So, we captured a part of that ramp, we believe it is a small part, and we expect to capture the substantial part of that ramp in Q4. But keep in mind always when you compare year-on-year, we have different content levels from a year ago substantial as I pointed out. So, that my kind of confused the numbers somewhat. But suffice to say, Q3 as we outlined since the beginning of the ramp may not be the same level of ramp if you compare to a year ago for the couple of reasons I mentioned. But we also see Q4 to even ramp up, even more substantially obviously because if Q3 is slower, its more than likely Q4 in any product ramp would just show a stronger quarter compared to Q3. So, that said, but other -- the specifics really, I am not really at liberty to disclose it because we just dont go look that far out. As far as the trash talk you hear out there, seriously, we dont prefer to -- I prefer not to comment on that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Craig Hettenbach: Thanks. I have just follow-up on Wireless on the content side. Can you give maybe a little bit of context, if you split kind of the legacy of Viago and RF relative to the Broadcom kind of connectivity and maybe touch piece?
Hock Tan: I am already stretching a lot to say, there is a certain North American customer. We have very good content to customer we daily value. I prefer not to give you any more details other than that. Thank you.
Craig Hettenbach: Okay. Ill try another one on the networking side. Can you talk about just the trajectory in the merchant silicon business and any new kind of customer adoptions or ramps to think about there?
Hock Tan: Well, we feel very good about our merchant silicon in switching and now routing as we call it, which is the DNX series and the Jericho, Jericho plus all the -- and we have launched that. And their use not just -- its routers, they use as aggregation switching in the spine. And so, its a very good aggregation, solidly much cover in our merchant silicon even at the high performance, high competitive top of the rack switching. We pretty much cover a full range of requirements. And so thats going to alone very well. In fact, as of penetration especially in the cloud guys is very, very good. Adoption among the hyper-scale cloud guys is extremely strong, extremely well used. And well, all this is going on, some penetration and enterprise is happening. But here in enterprise tradition enterprise our fixed switch and routers continue to run very, very well through our OEM partners.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Seymore: I just had a couple of questions on your Wired segment. One of the larger customers in their guided recently and although weaker than expected for their June quarter and talk about some weakness on the service provider side, so other than by product type, can you talk about customer types? Are you seeing any change in the customer behavior that undercover is within that mid-single-digit growth that youre talking about?
Hock Tan: No, we dont. We see in this third quarter, very good data center spending. And I said this, a lot of this -- I assume when you say service provider, you mean the cloud guys. And the cloud guys are very much focused on using merchant silicon on the switching and routing connectivity solutions. So -- and we see very strong spent, which is part of the reason why we are raising our sequential growth in Q3 from Q2 in Wired to be mid -- to up to mid-single digits. Off course, it also helped by the seasonal uptrend were seeing in broadband access and set-top box, which is CPE. And that's because of the seasonality, but in some entirely that is also a switching and developing in datacenters. 
Ross Seymore: And as a follow-up still within that same segment on the broadband segment that you just talked about. Talk a little bit about DOCSIS 3.1 can mean for you. With that rolling out, is there a chance the things can be a little better than seasonal in your broadband business as we go ahead to the second half of the calendar year or are there offset that needed to appreciate?
Hock Tan: I never try to be too optimistic. At this time of the year -- at this time of the year, we see always the typical seasonality and by we seeing it now and bookings out Q3 and the beginning of Q4, very strong booking, but I'd like to consider that seasonality rather than unusual seasonality this is normal.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Amit Daryanani: Couple of questions from me as well, I guess to start off with, as you look at your operating margin target around 45%. You guys are 44.1 right now and I think Brocade loan ones closes get you north of that. So, how should we think about margins as you go forward? Is there a desire to keep ticking margins higher? Or do you think this price lasting for this market where you perhaps keep margins the way they are drive revenue grow faster?
Hock Tan: Well, you asked very complicated strategic question.
Amit Daryanani: We try to be specific.
Hock Tan: I know you do, very impressive question, but you won't get as impressive answer through I have to say that because all we are doing is, we sell based on the where you added we provide our very key customers specially what it is. And we believe, we deserve and get the value added we provide in our products to the solutions of our customers. And we think, it will drive us to 45% as a fairly, fairly decent way to get there.
Tom Krause: Amit, I get this point. We're not updating our financial model. We're not updating our operating margin targets. We're very comfortable at 45%.
Amit Daryanani: Fair enough. I guess, if I just follow up -- as I think of your gross margin guide for the upcoming quarter. You have a nice 6% uptick in sales but youre talking the gross margin being flat even though I think the headwind from Wireless not being up as much, should be a benefit. And lastly I think the gross margin up like 40 to 50 basis points in July. Why cant we see the same level of leverage given mix might be better this July versus last July?
Hock Tan: Well, we kind of give you what we see. We hit to meet focus guys as you probably know. So, we kind a give you something that we feeling very comfortable with and we are very comfortable at the midpoint of 63% which you're right, we achieved it last quarter. 
Tom Krause: And Amit, I think we're going to be able to sustain in around that number. I think you're right, there is some wireless mix with slightly headwind. We've also work through a lot of the Broadcom synergies and the benefits we receive there, but I think we planned to sustain that going forward.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Toshiya Hari: I had a question on the long-term revenue growth target. Obviously, you guys are committed to the mid-single-digit target that you put out a couple of quarters ago, but as you pointed out, you grew 18% in the quarter. If we take the mid-point of your July quarter guides, I think you guys have, with the quarter growing about 17%. I realize the growth rate and enterprise for example its not necessarily sustainable, but what prevents to you from raising the target to say high-single-digits on a long-term basis?
Hock Tan: On a long-term basis, no, because dont forget -- the characters of our product guidance all 18 events even the 19 eventually locate. They are very sustainable, thats a single most important product like sustainable franchisees. I mean the deliver value added and you give delivering new generation of the generation. Theyre not there to grow like we, theyre not. But it grows like GDP pretty much economic growth. Weve added for the fact that each generation provide further value added, which entitled us to have slight premium, but not much. And hence its mid-single-digit, which is GDP but like premium. No more in debt and that is long-term sustainable basis because its a nature of the products we invest in, nature of our business model. What is seen now? I think is a short-term event, which is driven 18%, 17%, 18% as you mentioned year-on-year in Q2 from last year. It is driven by two part is my view on this matter. One is while the Q2 of a year ago, its on because the Q2 this year is strong as much as a Q2 and there is only wireless was unusually weak for good reasons menu, which are not going to, but you all know that. And this quarter is more of a normal Q2, perhaps somewhat buttress by a strong launch of our Korean customer. But its kind of stronger than we expect that as I mentioned. So, there is a  a big part of that double digit growth is wireless growth driving in and thats a 30% of our total revenues approximately. So, it grows a lot, it has that impact. And the second part of it is on infrastructure, our business in Wired, Industrial and Enterprise Storage. This year 17, business is just strong. The pipe just rose and I think that the other part that drove this double-digit growth. But you dont see that every year. And I think this is fairly unusually strong for infrastructure, but from wireless infrastructure -- so that combination is what created 18% growth. I would not for a second like you guys to cling believe that this is something we will sustain for the next five years. What we feel comfortable, we can sustain for the next five years is what we have said before, and well continue to deliver, hopefully over the next 5 to 10 years, which is mid-single-digit growth on average year-after-year.
Toshiya Hari: Okay. Got it. Thank you. And then my follow-up, I just want to ask some follow-up question on M&A. And I realize the topic can be a little bit sensitive here. But Hock, youve told us to not believe anything we read in the papers. Is it okay for us to walk away thinking that you're not making the bids for that specific asset? Or and again I think ask the gentlemen. 
Hock Tan: Let me reiterate, please do not believe anything you read and we do not comment on any rumors and pure speculations in the headline, but we continue to focus on our franchise stable business model. We have a lot of free cash flow.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JP Morgan. Your line is now open. 
Harlan Sur : Congratulations on the solid results and outlook and just great execution by the team. On the topic of free cash flow, you guys generated 32% free cash flow margins. If I normalize to your target of 3% CapEx, you guys actually did 35% free cash flow margins which is your target model. But I'm wondering despite the great cash generation, do you guys still have some restructuring acquisition related cash charges which would imply that the normalized free cash flow even now is better than what you printed and maybe to see if that's to quantify some of those cash restructuring charges?
Tom Krause: No, you're right you're doing your math absolutely right. The Company take into account the elevated CapEx for mostly the campus investments we're making that you're aware of and some incremental restructuring charges and frankly some working capital headwinds as the business continues to grow. You're quickly get to 35% in which is where we want to be and obviously when we it continue to put up those numbers going forward, but based on where we see revenues and gross margins and operating expenses that we outlined for you, we think that's achievable.
Harlan Sur: Great. And then so my follow-up question within Enterprise Storage, you guys have got a leadership position and server rate and SaaS controller solutions, and typically these products tend to track server shipments. So given Intel's Skylake server CPU launch and you've got AMDs Apex server CPU launch, both I think which are ramping now. Is this contributing to the growth during the July quarter and maybe through the second half of this calendar year?
Hock Tan: Not in the quarter we just entered Q2, and no necessarily march in the July quarter Q3, but certainly we expect probably which is the generation and you're talking about for Intel launching Skylake. The early generation and storage will start to ramp up. You're right back half of this calendar year, really back half of this calendar year. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. 
John Pitzer: Hock, I want to talk a little bit about the Wired results just for the April quarter. There is a lot of different businesses inside of Wired, but the 3% year-over-year growth rate I think is kind of the slowest growth rate that we've seen since the financial crisis. And so, I'm just kind a curious if you could give us a little bit of color as to what actually happened to the April quarter where there were strength and where there might have been some relative weakness? And then as you think about sort of the reacceleration into July maybe some color around segments within wired would be helpful as well?
Hock Tan: Wow, that's interesting and very confusing question. But let me try somewhat, and for the rest, I have to take it offline another time because there are a lot of moving parts. And you're correct, in our Wired segments we represent 60% of revenue we throw in the kitchen sink, no really, all related to Wired. That is actually a couple of chunks on broadband, which is broadband access, carrier access, as well as CPE set-top box. And in Q2, totally not that strong obviously, it starts ramping up seasonally Q3, Q4. So, there is that effect there is not that strong and year-on-year a year ago, a year ago result that was a Summer Olympics, so were comparing against the Summer Olympics, which will make is touch. And in Q3, Q4, thats all Summer Olympics of last year should begin to look very good, which is what accelerate this in the second half. In switching and routing, no, we continue to feel very, very good whether its in ASIC or merchant silicon, off-take delivery shipment continue to hit all-time high in those two segments. I hope that gives you enough -- and then third thing that messes with up is, were building block products by fines, retirements, which are more unique to the designs thats been used as well as fiber optic which has gone through very interesting direction and cycles, that means mess of the number. But the two broadest area, broadband compared with a year ago is on compared, because the Summer Olympics. But switching and routing, the SMA continues to be a very, very strong franchise whether its in form of an ASIC or in the form of merchant silicon. Even though there are both selling into very end market and users.
John Pitzer: Thats helpful. And Hock, maybe from my follow-up on the ASIC side, I sort of a different question. Youve always had a strong switching routing into business. Its my understanding there are also be a basic of things my guess is the controllers and perhaps the things like in trends deep learning. Just kind of curious, how do you think about the ASIC IP, the Broadcom has? Would you consider that franchise and is it leverageable into areas beyond just switching and routing?
Hock Tan: Yes. You hit it right on. We do did launch ASICs that need to customize, deep learning chips for specific customers. We do that because we have all the IP in the hardware. I mean thats keep in mind, I believe deep learning is very much as much a software play such more than the hardware play, but we are happy to enable therefore specific large customers in ASICs with customize hardware, which we use even right now and be training or in terms but we do that. Then on SSD controllers, yes, we do a huge amount of SSD controller relatively speaking across our follow, basically for enterprises only, not really enterprises, but all part and enterprise storage business. They are not part in our wide basis. That difference is being very well as you probably can get it to date.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Stacy Rasgon: First, I wanted to ask about the cash flow. So again, we can see the margins are pumping up, if you normalize close for 35%. What about the payout ratio? So the payout ratio still running around 5%, were not close to 50. What stopping you from bringing it closer to 50 earlier? Whats your trajectory or which youll be thinking about the payout ratio?
Tom Krause: Yes. Stacy, I think, we reiterated a couple of quarters that going put in place the financial policy that we're going to evaluate that once a year at the end of our fiscal year so that will be in October November timeframe. We're going to look back over our last fiscal year look at that cash flow generation, look at the sustainability of the businesses that we're focused on and then make an assessment obviously with the board's approval around a recommendation. But what I want to reiterate is you're right as we continue to perform if we maintain that we could plan to do our 50% payout then that's going to lead to obviously an increased potentially increase in the dividend in the end of the year. 
Stacy Rasgon: So my follow-up, I want to pick the dead horse but, refresh us on your definition of a franchise. What are the characteristics of a business that meets that definition? And frankly, would it possible for a NAND Flash business to qualify as a franchise under your definition?
Hock Tan: Good try, okay, let me give you our definition of franchise which is very open and try to ask, give me try to repeat the mantra. No, a franchise basically is a - we grew only components, semiconductor components. And it's just components broadly simply that it operates -- the product lines operate in the niche. Doesn't have to be mess market, most time it's a niche. And so niche where is the way that markets have been established and will likely continue to be established for the foreseeable future. So, we must have established end markets that are sustainable, one. And in that niche, in that market we are the market leader. And more than a market leader especially because we are -- the reason for us to be the market leader, we are the technology leader. We have to have the IT. We have to have the technology and the capability to continue to lead in that particular market. And the third, there is something financials about it. The financial is a fallout, a corollary fallout from those key criteria. And each of our 18 product lines meet those criteria, you made your own call whether NAND meets that criteria.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Shrivastava with BMO. Your line is now open.
Ambrish Shrivastava : I wanted to go back to your Wired franchise, Hock. You have talked about and this is a follow-up to John Pitzer's question. With regard to newer areas and all within the umbrella of the 5% that you've articulated for the, quite well over the last couple of years. Is this something that this is a one off that you've done or do you see this as a broader volume with multiple customers as you go through the year and next year?
Hock Tan: Would you repeat that Pal. I might have missed some part of your question. Would you repeat that?
Ambrish Shrivastava : Okay, the deep learning ASIC that youre rolling out. Is it a one-off for one customer or do you see this expanding to multiple customers?
Hock Tan: Its an -- that is learning product, we're doing for multiple customers today are all customized solutions, hardware solutions on outside. Theyre not software-based solutions. We are -- it falls into our ASIC category. And we have all-time intellectual property all luckily hardware-based like SerDes, much more than SerDes memories, you name it all kind of stuff that goes into training and inferences on a deep learning chip. We have all that IP, but only doing hardware. We make no pretensions were trying to make it our full solution. So within ASIC solution and covers multiple customers and it probably covers multiple generations going forward. But its really simply an ASIC solution.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri with Macquarie Securities. Your line is now open.
Srini Pajjuri : Thank you. Hock, I just want to ask clarifying question to the previous answer. Some of your peers are putting this market opportunity and close to $30 billion. I just want to hear your thoughts of how big the ASIC opportunity for deep learning in European it is like to take maybe a three-year view on this?
Hock Tan: I have no clue to be honest. Seriously, no -- it is -- our franchise here is the intellectual property, capability, we have of implementing silicon solutions that does deep learning. We produce as well have the IP implemented to do high performance computing or as we do now a lot of switching and routing. This we do in deep learning. And for us, deep learning is not seen necessarily as a franchise. Its our ASIC capability that is a franchise.
Srini Pajjuri : Got it. And then I know you said, you dont want to comment on your competitors trash talk, but if you could maybe comment on in terms of your BAW performance, I think historically the reason, you have just significant share was you had a significant performance advantage over your competitors. Im just trying to understand, if some of your peers are close in the gap or at least narrowing the gap and as we look out the next couple of years. Just want to understand, how much advantage you still have in BAW?
Hock Tan: Remember, my definition of a sustainable franchise. We dont talk investments, I mean contrary to myths out there. We are join every time, we quick public product line as our core product line as among the 18. We invest as much as we have to maintain, its not lengthen our need. No different yet, we dont say put at the generation of last year, or two years ago, or three years ago, we continue invest the lead that we direct review never closes. And thats the key fund of our model. We will invest and given that your market leader in that niche, we cant afford to out invest anyone out there. Weve been in R&D for even better and as you know in totality, some of it packed up in cost of sales or product engineering as we bring it to production. The rest of it in R&D, we spend on product development in this company every year $3 billion and that something from CapEx, $3 billion. And we are very, very conscious of the fact that we have to maintain is not even increase that level of spending where we need to in specific areas to ensure that we are the leader both in technology which leads to market leader. So not that easy to narrow but leads is to in terms of coming to compete with us. 
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Steven Chen with UBS. Your line is now open.
Steven Chen: Hock, if I could I wanted to follow up your earlier comments on storage, your storage business and the guidance for stable demand again in this fiscal third quarter. I was wondering if you're looking back earlier this year when the storage business was seeing better than NAND because some of the storages in NAND Flash and [indiscernible]. I was wondering, if your customers are providing you a much commentary around whether the current hard drive demand, is in line with broader demand or for total come in that NAND as the shortages that are helping hard drive demand?
Hock Tan: It's a very hard market to predict at this point, because there are a lot of multiple dynamics going on in terms of it's not just about Flash demand being an outreaching very high levels, which is driving everything else probably is but into that was probably late '16 early '17. Today I guess all this big all this increased prices in memory whether its DRAM flash is not hard drives as part of the DRAM and flash is leading to careful spending by enterprises and operators and cloud guys and datacenter. They're all been very careful. So suddenly you have demand that is there, that is needed but people are not spending. And you will have this stop and spot going on. So it's all very confusing it's all I'm trying to come to get on. And I'm not sure we have as much and embedded on we have any better visibility even our customers. Our customers have better visibility on their nerves for that manner. It's just very confusing and all we can see is that demand has strengthened out for our products be the SSDs or be the SSD flash control as I should clarify or be the components -- and -- for hard disk drive. All we see is that a quarter ago we are seeing but we got to be careful about Q3. Well, Q2 is -- and gone Q2 was good, Q3 continues to look good, but then on doing -- say Q4 in many case we don't, with strong booking Q4 but it may not be a strong and a big part of their uncertainty and lies in fact that they're more than just simply a shortage of flash or DRAM that's creating this uncertainty. I think it's much more than that, it's also the change in spending pattern even in a short term of datacenter guys, cloud guys and enterprises because of higher memory prices. 
Steven Chen: Okay. I appreciate that consideration and I just had a quick follow up for your wireless connectivity business. And then much of Fab revenue is still driven by mobile type applications. So I was wondering how meaningful is your exposure to enterprise type at this point today and any exposure and like where the hot spots potentially going forward? Thanks.
Hock Tan: There are. There are as far as I can potentially describe is broadband carrier exchange are increasingly even set-top-box which includes set-top-box both CPE that is as well as central office are starting to spread Wi-Fi as another means. You have GPON, EPON, you have DSL, VDSL. Now, WiFi into the picture. So its all good and we are very, very well position in all this and going to generation. So, it is giving us more content to be put it this way at every access point which may help the growth. But its still not a big by the way as the phone by comparison the volume. But its a decent amount of volume and gives us a very sustainable franchise in this area.
Tom Krause: Yes. And even this is just housekeeping but that business, while product line is in our Wireline segment, not in our wireless segment.
Hock Tan: Thank you for clarifying. Yes, it sits in Wired, not in Wireless.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes Broadcoms conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-03-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashish Saran - Director, IR Hock Tan - President and CEO Tom Krause - CFO
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Blayne Curtis - Barclays Harlan Sur - JP Morgan William Stein - SunTrust Vinay Jaising - Morgan Stanley Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Pitzer - Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Limited First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ashish Saran, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ashish Saran: Thank you, Operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tom Krause, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom Limited. After market close today, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. If you did not receive a cope, you may obtain the information from the Investor section of Broadcoms website at www.broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be made available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investor section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tom will be providing details of our first quarter year 2017 results, background to our second quarter fiscal year 2017 outlook, and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to are non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over the Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ashish. Good afternoon everyone. Well, we delivered strong financial results for the first quarter with revenue of $41.5 billion and gross margin at 62.4%, both at a very top end of our guidance. Earnings per share of $3.63 grew by 5% sequentially, while net revenue was essentially flat. Revenue was better than expected in all four segments. The benefits we achieved through business diversification clearly came through this quarter with growth in Wired, Enterprise Storage, and Industrial completely offsetting the typical negative seasonality from Wireless. The integration of classic Broadcom has gone very well and is now mostly complete. We remain focused on driving financial performance towards our long-term operating margin and free cash flow targets. Let me now turn to a discussion of our segment results, starting with Wired, our largest segment. In the first quarter, Wired revenue came in at $2.09 billion better than expected and represented 50% of our total revenue. Revenue for this segment was up slightly on a sequential basis, benefited from strong demand for Ethernet Switching and Routing products from cloud data center operators. This growth was partially offset by the continuing seasonal decline in demand for our broadband carrier access and set-top box products, which we expect to bottom in this first quarter. Turning to the second fiscal quarter, we forecast Wired revenue experience sequential growth a little bit stronger than what we saw in the prior quarter. We expect the momentum from cloud data center demand to sustain and expect a seasonal increase in demand for our broadband access and set-top box products. Now moving on to Wireless. In the first quarter, Wireless revenue came in at about $1.18 billion, better than expect and Wireless segment represented 28% of our total revenues. Revenue for this core segment was down 13% sequentially, driven by the expected seasonal decline in demand from a major North American customer. Turning now to our projection for the second quarter fiscal of 2017, we expect to hit the bottom of annual product cycle transition at a major North American customer. However, we expect to offset a significant portion of this decline in Wireless from a ramp of the next generation phone as our large Korean smartphone customer. This phone comes with an increase in Broadcom's RF and Wi-Fi connectivity content. As a result, we expect our Wireless revenue in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 to be still sequentially down, but in the high single-digits better than the more typical double-digit declines we have experienced in prior years. Let me now turn to Enterprise Storage, which continues to be strong. In the first quarter, Enterprise Storage revenue came in at $707 million and this segment represented 17% of our total revenue. Segment revenue grew 26% sequentially, gaining better than expected driven by stronger shipments of SAS, RAID, and Fiber Channel products. As we foresaw, our hard disk drive and custom solid state drives controllers also had a very strong quarter. And looking into the second quarter, however, we believe this resurgence of Enterprise Storage has to taper off and hence flatten out. Having said that, backlog for Enterprise Storage products continues up to today to be very strong. But we foresaw what we foresee seasonality to start slowing demand in the third quarter if not in this -- late in the second quarter. Finally, turning to our last segment, Industrial. In the first quarter, Industrial revenue grew -- came in at $180 million, up 11% sequentially better than expected as we rebuild depleted channel inventory consistent with stronger product resales. The industrial segment represented 5% of our total revenue and as we look into the second quarter, we are anticipating industrial activity to continue to improve seasonally and accordingly, we are expecting industrial segment revenue to increase by high single-digits sequentially. With all that to sump-up -- to simply sum-up, this second quarter was strong, revenue flat from the seasonally high fourth quarter of the preceding year. As we know look into the second quarter, we expect this demand environment for our products to continue to be very healthy and our outlook for this quarter's revenue to be virtually flat to that of the prior quarter. It is becoming evident that our broader and more diversified product portfolio has largely mitigated seasonal impacts to consolidated revenue during the first half of the year. This is certainly an intrinsic goal of our business model just that we did not expect to achieve these so soon. The integration of classic Broadcom is clearly going well and we continue to invest across all our franchise products. We are sustaining our technology leadership and our products are very well received by our customers. Our revenue trajectory from the first half of fiscal 2017 could possibly extend into the second half. Nonetheless, we do not expect that the approximate 15% level of year-on-year growth we are guiding for the second quarter to really be sustainable in the long-term. Our long-term operating model will continue to assume mid-single-digit annual revenue growth for the consolidated business. With that let me now turn the call over to Tom for detailed review our first quarter fiscal 2017 financials.
Tom Krause: Thank you, Hock, good afternoon everyone. My comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise specifically noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release issued today that is available on our website at Broadcom.com. Let me first start out by saying that we are very pleased with the execution this quarter and specifically the progress we've made towards our long-term target model, which remains an operating margin target of 45% of net revenue and a free cash flow margin above 35% of net revenue. Further to what Hock was saying, we also believe that we can achieve these long-term operating targets based on a sustainable long-term revenue growth rate of mid-single-digits. Now, let me review the Q1 results. Revenue for the quarter came in at $4.15 billion, approximately flat sequentially. Foxconn was greater than 10% direct customer in the first fiscal quarter. Our first quarter gross margin from continuing operations was 62.4%, about 90 basis points above the midpoint of guidance, primarily due to revenue at the top end of guidance and a slightly better product mix. This quarter's gross margin also benefitted from the impact of approximately $60 million of revenue related to the assignment of certain manufacturing rights to a customer in our Wired segment, which is included in our original guidance. Turning to OpEx, R&D expenses were $664 million and SG&A expenses were $120 million. This resulted in total operating expenses for the first quarter of $784 million, or 18.9% of net revenue. As Hock mentioned, we have not largely completed the integration of classic Broadcom and I would reiterate that we feel comfortable at this level of operating expenses relative net revenue. Operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $1.8 billion and represented 43.5% of net revenue. Provision for taxes came in at $77 million, slightly above our guidance. This was primarily due to higher than expected net income. First quarter interest expense of $110 million and other income net was $8 million. First quarter net income was $1.63 billion and earnings per diluted share were $3.63. Our share-based compensation expense in the first quarter was $201 million. Moving on to the balance sheet, our days sales outstanding were 43 days, a decrease of five days from the prior quarter due to better linearity of revenue in the quarter. Our inventory ended at $1.34 billion, a decrease of $64 million from the beginning of the quarter. We generated $1.35 billion in operational cash flow, which reflected the impact of approximately $313 million for annual employee bonus payments for fiscal year 2016 and approximately $80 million of cash expended on classic Broadcom restructuring integration activities including discontinued operations. I'm very pleased that in the first quarter, the business already demonstrated the ability to generate free cash flow close to our long-term target model of 35%, while free cash flow in the first quarter was $1 billion approximately or only 25% of net revenue. This does include I want to highlight the impact from the annual employee cash bonus payment as well as cash restructuring expenses and capital expenditures that as we discussed before running higher than our long-term targets. Looking forward, we expect classic Broadcom related restructuring expenses to continue to decrease as we finish this integration. Capital expenditure in the first quarter was $325 million or 7.8% of net revenue. However, we expect long-term CapEx largely to fabless semiconductor company to run at about 3% of net revenue consistent with that fabless business model. As a reminder for full fiscal year 2017, we expect CapEx to run at an elevated level of approximately $1.2 billion. This includes about $500 million towards campus construction, primarily at our Irvine and San Jose locations and about $200 million towards purchasing of test equipment to consignment at our CMs. A total of $431 million in cash was spent on company dividend and partnership distribution payments in the first quarter. We ended the first quarter with a cash balance of approximately $3.5 billion. Now let me turn to non-GAAP guidance for the second quarter of fiscal year 2017. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions and we do not intend to update this guidance. This guidance is for results from continuing operations only. Net revenue is expected to be $4.1 billion plus or minus $75 million. Gross margin is expected to be 62%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $789 million. Tax provision is forecasted to be approximately $74 million. Net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $106 million. The diluted share count forecast is for 452 million shares. Share-based compensation expense will be approximately $223 million. CapEx will be approximately $290 million. And you have seen, our Board has declared a dividend of $1.02 per share to be paid later in the second fiscal quarter. We're also looking forward to completing the acquisition of Brocade, which is proceeding as planned and we presently expect to close this transaction in our third quarter of fiscal 2017. I'm pleased that we're able to reach an agreement with ARRIS earlier this quarter for the sale of Brocade's network edge business for $800 million in cash plus the additional cost of unvested employee stock awards. Following Brocade's recent results, we continue to feel very comfortable that Brocade's Fiber Channel San Switching business, the key business that we're focused on will generate approximately $900 million of EBITDA in fiscal 2018. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hey guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I guess Hock the first question is on the Wireless side. It's good to see the content rising at other customers besides just your big North American customer; can you talk a little bit more detail about what's driving that content up? Is there anything unique or is it basically the same goodness that you've seen in the North America side? And any more color about that goodness continuing on the North America side into the second half of this year would also be helpful. Thanks.
Hock Tan: Yes, Ross thanks for the question. Yes, it's -- in fact it's a phenomenon we have been indicating to you guys for the last several years which is over the medium term -- long-term, I would say, our strength of franchise in cellular and our RF cellular analog, the front end cellular analog, which includes FBAR and power amplifiers and all the circuitry and component that goes in front of the transceiver in the handset for cellular. That's one area and the other area in Wi-Fi Bluetooth connectivity. Those two functionality, those two features in phones continue to evolve and with each generation. And as each generation evolves, when it involves, in the case of RF cellular is two-fold. One is basically more band as we progress -- as more and more countries globally progress into 4G and eventually even further beyond that. More and more bands -- spectral bandwidths get pulled into the fold and number of skills of phones get less and less for any major OEM manufacturer simply because of complexity of these phones. And so because of more bands, it requires more filters, more components like power amplifiers -- low noise amplifiers and because of that necessary content increases. I should also add the difficulty of engineering those products increased fairly exponentially, which therefore drives towards better and better content for us into those very high-end flagship smartphones. In the case of wireless connectivity, the same phenomenon is happening and it's particularly driven on bandwidth on the peer [ph] throughput as we move from -- what we gradually move from what used to be much lower bandwidth in Wi-Fi to today's AC. As we move from to single users to multiple users and as we move next generation from AC into AX and further. Obviously, difficulty of doing those products in smartphones become correspondingly more difficult, content increases and we benefit from basically content increase. It's a normal phenomenon and we expect to see that continuing into the medium term.
Ross Seymore: Great, that's helpful. I guess for my one follow-up, both you and Tom, Hock, mentioned about the 15% growth not being your long-term assumption. Just wondering why you are bringing that up? Is there something you're seeing now that gives you pause that things are going to slow down or is this just a reminder that the level we are now is not the base assumption in your business model?
Hock Tan: I think the fairest way to answer that is we have articulated last fiscal year very clearly and even a year ago when we acquired Broadcom, as long as a year ago, that we were scaled and we were diversification of product portfolio. Our long-term model, out five years, 10 years is a compounded annual growth of 5%. Not every year necessarily, but long-term 5%. And why we feel the need to mention it is obviously you saw the numbers we were guiding for Q2 on the topline and they're showing 15% year-on-year from a year ago. That's just one quarter and obviously just one fiscal year, one point in time. So, we felt it necessary to just mention it that do not just take it and extrapolate it to say that we have move away from our broad model on guidance of 5% compounded annual growth in the long term to a 15%, far from it.
Tom Krause: And Ross, I mean just to add -- I also want to reiterate, we don't believe we need to have this accelerated revenue growth to hit our financial targets which we remain very focused on, specifically the free cash flow margins at 35%. We're very comfortable achieving those results based on a more normalized long-term CAGR of mid-single-digits.
Ross Seymore: Very well. Congrats on those results. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Hey guys thanks for taking my question and congrats on the great results. Just following-up on the Wireless guide, you've talked in the past sometimes it can be seasonal down 15%, 20% to the high single-digits. Just curious between contents and the units, what are you seeing with your two large customers in terms of the seasonality and the timing of the ramp magnitude versus the content gains you're seeing?
Hock Tan: To be -- I don't have specific data between to be able to speed out accurately between units and content, but off the cuff, my sense is it's largely content.
Blayne Curtis: Okay. And then you mentioned strength in switching, I was curious obviously you don't want to -- for a full year, I was just curious you talked about some businesses being soft in the second half. There's obviously a big upgrade cycle that's 2500G. Just curious your perspective as you look at the rest of the year the trajectory of the switch business?
Hock Tan: That's a very interesting question and on the switching side, which is a subset, obviously, of our Wired segment, which is our largest segment, but just if you look at our switching and routing sites, fair way to put it together, which is really data center networking business, we continue to see strength through the rest of the year. We see -- a big part of that strength we see is simply because of a very strong data center demand -- data center buildup by the cloud operators. We're seeing that now and I suspect that phenomenon will still continue, particularly when we start to ramp-up newer generation with high-bandwidth of Tomahawks and Tridents and as we go later part in the year of our DMX router and aggregation switches. So, we see that and this momentum to be fairly good based on demand -- intrinsic demand out there in data center expansion, especially into the cloud, but also from the fact that we're launching a few very key new products in this year.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks.
Hock Tan: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harlan Sur with JP Morgan.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my question and it's great to see the diversity in the business playing out here. On the strong growth in the storage business that I'm assuming some of this is your SSD product lines; I believe you guys are supplying Enterprise SSD controllers into the top two enterprising cloud SSD suppliers. And I think your top customer here just grew their Enterprise SSD business I think 20% sequentially and 20% year-over-year in the December quarter. Wondering if you guys are seeing similar growth trends? And do you expect double-digit growth in the SSD segment for the full year?
Hock Tan: I'll be [Indiscernible] our visibility in the SSDs are not as good as perhaps our customers are. A big part of it is there are three parts to our Enterprise Storage, three broad parts, one is very related to storage server connectivity, that's the rate part and the Fiber Channel whole part side of it rate. And then there is the components we ship into hard disk drives. And hard disk drive has experience as you well know a strong surge over the last several months probably because flash have been in short supply. And the last and smallest part of our business in Enterprise Storage is really related to Enterprise flash controllers for SSD. And that's really a small part. So, we don't get that broad visibility into this SSD market as a lot of other people would. But you're, right now, it's very, very strong and especially in SAS.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for the insights there. And then off of the success of Tomahawks and I also hear that your prior generation Trident is still very strong as well and the team is ramping into this upgrade cycle, but you started sampling Tomahawk II, I think it was second half of last year. Can you just give us an update on the qualification, customer feedback, and when should we see the adoption curve for T2 starting to ramp, is that going to be kind of 2018 timeframe?
Hock Tan: For very competitive reasons I really hate to give you specifics here. Suffice to say it's very well received. We have a lot of momentum on our entire switch portfolio. And by the way as Tomahawk doesn't fully replace Trident, Trident is using a different segment versus Tomahawk and both are going very well as are the Jericho products, which are more aggregation switching and routing. So, broadly our portfolio of -- from high end down to even low range -- on the low-end range of switching -- campus switching pointers [ph], those are all going very well. And I suspect it's all largely due to the strength in data center spending that still receive continue, particularly more recently since we had very strong conversion of Enterprises into the cloud.
Harlan Sur: Thanks Hock.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein: Great. Thanks so much for taking my question and congrats on the very strong results and outlook. I wanted to address the free cash flow margin trajectory. Tom I think you referred to some of this in your prepared remarks, but I'd like you to maybe highlight what aside from the restructuring expenses that are still being paid and the temporarily higher CapEx that you are experiencing, what are the other drivers to get you to the 35% free cash flow margin? And what sort of timing should we think about for that?
Tom Krause: William good question and I think that's sort of the point of the prepared remarks. And if you look at where we are from an operating margin perspective, you look at the fact we restructured the balance sheet around now fixed rate debt. If you look at our sustainable tax rate of 4.5% and cash taxes of approximately $100 million a quarter and you take out the restructuring costs, which are bleeding off here pretty quickly, you take out the one-time campus initiative, the one-time tester initiative this year which will sort of play itself out over the next couple of quarters. Frankly, we're largely there. And that's probably the real takeaway and of course that doesn't take into account what we would expect to be the second half seasonally up trends from a revenue perspective.
William Stein: It's helpful. Appreciate it. Maybe one more. Something that came up last quarter was the change in capital allocation strategy. Maybe you can sort of highlight for us your plans on the M&A front from here despite the higher dividend -- the significantly higher free cash flow that you are going to be generating I guess after these temporary expenses falloff would seem to meet to continue to support a good M&A pipeline. Maybe you can characterize for us please?
Tom Krause: Yes, I mean there's no real uptick there other than we outlined very clearly that we're going to continue to drive given back 50% of free cash flows to investors in the form of dividends, which, of course, at these levels, would imply that we're going to have the ability to continue to increase the dividend pretty meaningfully here over the next couple of years certainly. Beyond that we've used M&A to drive returns, obviously, over the last several years pretty effectively. We continue to see opportunities to do that. Brocade is the latest example of being able to put capital work and an interesting opportunity that drives better returns than our alternative. So, we're going to continue to do that, but given our scale, we have the opportunity to do that mostly off the balance sheet, particularly with smallest opportunities that arise.
William Stein: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Vinay Jaising: Hello, this is Vinay Jaising calling in for Craig. Thanks for giving the opportunity to ask the question. So, I wanted touch upon carrier aggregation, like this is one of the key growth drivers for RF business. Hock, can you provide us an update on the trends you're seeing by geography for that? And what that means for your portfolio?
Hock Tan: Okay. Carrier aggregation as you well know is the phenomenon of especially benefiting operators who have multiple spectral bandwidth, not necessarily one but multiple, and interest of reducing CapEx infrastructure is the phenomenon of enabling those bandwidths to max together into one, which creates much more capacity throughput and that's not only in infrastructure, it goes into the phone. And we are probably one of the leading enablers in the phone of making that happen simply because not just of architectural design of the cellular RF analog, but also the fact that FBAR filters which are FBAR, are much better performing and more integral -- have been able to integrate it into a module to allow of that maxing and de-maxing separate spectral bands. And that's happening. It started very aggressively obviously in China continuing to be very much so in China. It's also happening very aggressively in the U.S. Those are the two biggest geographies where a lot of that is happening, started with downlink last year, I think, and it's now moving on to up-linking, not just downlinking, which, of course, then part of reason why it's helping create -- not the only reason, but one of the reasons creating increased content in a cellular RF demand. So, it's great for us and we see that phenomenon continuing to grow and expand into other regions of the world.
Vinay Jaising: Got it, that's helpful. And for my follow-up, I want to touch upon gross margins. Pretty good performance in gross margin during the quarter and the guidance, but I was thinking about how should we think about gross margins for here? And if you can outline like what are the top two drivers of gross margin expansion as we look out towards rest of fiscal 2017?
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, it's a very interesting point and as we -- if you look back to a year ago when we just closed the Broadcom transaction every quarter since then, we have been able to expand our gross margin in the range of roughly 40, 50 basis points sequentially. A big part of it is as we settle down the portfolio, as we start to get the benefit of larger scale in purchasing materials and as very specific actions like taking -- basically bringing testing very much in-house and consigning testers to contract manufacturers instead of leasing test time for our huge volume of semiconductor chips. All those various actions -- a lot of a big part of this expansion of gross margin comes from a scale and ability to leverage on the scale in direct materials. It also helps that our product margin as we move from one generation to the other, keeps getting richer in terms of the mix. So, that's a combination of those two things. And in terms of where will it go from here? Frankly, I don't know. Best indicator is probably to look at history.
Vinay Jaising: Got it, that's helpful, and congrats once again on a good quarter.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys, thanks for taking my questions. For my first one you've talked a lot about free cash flow margins, but I wanted to dig a little bit into the payout ratio. You are paying out right now about a little over 30%, target is 50%. Should we think about that sort of level going up to 50% in line with the margins going up to 35% or more? Or like how should we think about the trajectory of reaching your target on the payout ratio that seems like something that's more in your control maybe even quicker than the margins themselves?
Tom Krause: Well, they kind of go hand-in-hand Stacy. I think what we're going to do and so articulate in the past is we're going to get to the end of the fiscal year, we're going to look back at the free cash flow trajectory on those margins over the course of that previous year. We're going to look at the business; obviously, we're very focused on sustainability. And then we're going to pay out 50%. And so all you are seeing is the general trajectory improving from where we exited last year to where we are here exiting Q1 and guiding Q2. And you're right consistent with the policy as we get to the end of the year where we will achieve expectations that we're going to have -- obviously be in the position to raise that dividend consistent with getting back 50% on an LTM basis.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you. That's helpful. For my follow-up I also wanted to dig into gross margins a little bit. You talked a little bit about the drivers, but I heard you say earlier that you're sort of comfortable with your level of OpEx spending as a percentage of revenue, which implies that the operating margin improvement toward the model from here comes from gross margins, but it's not that much, only about 150, maybe 200 basis points from where we are. And this is even before you buy Brocade, which comes in at gross margins in the 70s. so, given all the levers that you just talk about and Brocade coming in, why should 64%, 65%, which is where that would take you -- why should that be the upper limit? Like how should we think about this if we're going farther, I don't see any reason why shouldn't expect gross margins to go even higher than that unless there something else -- mix or something else that ought to be taking it down. Can you talk about that a little bit?
Tom Krause: Well, Stacy, it's -- actually I think we're going to get into the gross margin where we think we can go and if I go all the way back to the original Avago first margins in the 30s, obviously we're always focused on continuing to improve on our gross margin. I think the second part of the question is we are in our seasonally weak part of the year and so when you do look at the general seasonality of the business and where things are, I think you could take a whole fiscal year approach to looking at where operating margins will land and could land and apply that to how you're thinking about the model. That's the only guidance I'd give you.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch 
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. Congratulations on the good results and the consistent execution. For my first one, Hock, your Wired business has essentially been in the $2 billion to $2.1 billion range for the past year on a quarterly basis. Can you give us some puts and takes on what's done well, what's been different than expectations? Because my rate is that the switching parts has probably done fairly well with all the cloud opportunities, but your broadband access and set-top boxes has perhaps not done so well. But then on the prepared remarks you mentioned you are starting to see a little bit of a pick up on the broadband access side. So, just if you could give us a look back on what was different than expectations? And then as we look forward to this year, could we see contribution from both parts of Wired -- both the cable side as well as the switching side?
Hock Tan: That's a very interest -- good question actually, very insightful and let me try to explain it on our Wired business. You're right, it's our biggest segment and in simple terms broadly, there are two groups of products here and end markets. There's switching and routing, you correctly put out and that come from various fronts from standard switching and routing, as well ASICs, which is also part in there, as would be building block products as well as fiber optics components. That business is very Enterprise driven directly and has actually done very well even on a year-on-year -- especially on a year-on-year basis because it's growing as we move from 10-gigabit few years ago -- couple of years ago, to increasingly 25 and 100 coming out very fast. As that transition happens very fast, obviously it's driving and you always hear products like Trident going to Tomahawk, especially in the very high end and at Jericho. All these are related to data center switching and that's very, very -- that's driving growth on all infrastructure on a very stable basis, but driving growth very nicely close to high single-digits, even double-digits. Then the other part of the segment, which is pretty big too, is our broadband. And here the set-top box on the CP side and access gateways like DSL/PON on the infrastructure side. And here the business is stable; it's very stable, has been stable for the last couple -- few years and continues to be very stable and it's also very seasonal. And you will see that the later part of second half of the year is typically when it drives up and in the first half of the year is when it shows a seasonal decline. Hence in my opening remarks, I was mentioning that Q1 -- fiscal Q1 is probably a very seasonal low point and it gradually picks up seasonally later part of Q2, but certainly Q3, and then starts rolling over again, but if you look at it year-on-year, relatively very stable. So, we have a confluence of two segments mixed together in our Wired business which is what you're seeing. It dilutes basically the strength, the growth of switching and routing, but nonetheless, both are very franchise product, very franchise business and drives stability in this company.
Vivek Arya: Thanks Hock. And as my follow-up question, it's a somewhat longer term question. You're obviously doing quite well in the Wireless business and that can continue for some time. The cloud business is also doing quite well. But when I talk with a lot of your peers and ask them about growth in semis over the next three to five years, they talk about connected cars or Internet of Things, or machine learning, or 5G. Do you beer Broadcom is investing adequately to pursue those markets? Is there a part of the company that is looking at those longer term areas? Or do you think M&A is the better way to address some of those things as they become real over time? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Great question. Giving the opportunity to expand a little propaganda here, again, as we've already articulated. The franchise products we're in, the -- we are the technology; we are also the market leader in those areas. In those niches, some of them are very large niche, but we are the technology leader and we don't get there by not investing. We invested, as my remarks said and I said many times, very heavily in those areas we are in. We develop products that generally in those franchise areas before anybody else do it out there. And that's why we can sustain it, that's why our margins are the way it is because we provide products that allow our customers to differentiate and innovate themselves. So, we invest very heavily and you look at our total R&D, we invest in total $2.7 billion a year as a company in R&D. We're the best engineers out there; we have the best products in this area. So, that's really where we continue to sustain leadership in our existing franchise products. In some of those flights of fantasy somewhat that you covered earlier, we're not -- I'm not saying it won't happen. I will be direct, let somebody else take another hits and then we'll buy the company if it's successful. Thank you.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Indiscernible] with Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the strong quarter. I had one short-term question and then another longer term question. On the short-term question, with regards to Wireless, you talked about trends at you're Korean customer offsetting the seasonal trends at you're North American customer and therefore you are guiding Q2 to be down only high single-digits relative to history being down about 15%, I recall. Is the upside versus historical seasonality, is that all coming from dynamics at you're Korean customer or dynamics in terms of units or content at your North American customer trending better than history as well?
Hock Tan: You are really trying to pass the data, aren't you? It's all a combination really. It is -- and you obviously know out there it's also timing of some of the shipments and purchases by our two largest customers. So, there's a bunch of -- a few factors involved in here. One of which was there's timing this quarter differences in timing. There's the fact that you're right, Korean customer is coming in with a vengeance to try to recover share. And broadly, we're also talking about content increases as each new generation comes in and it's not even the Korean customer it's also the major North American customer. And it's a mix of all these factors. Have I sat down and broken it out in detail? No. We don't try to analyze it to that in degree, but those multiple factors mix pull together to basically indicate that the seasonality -- the downward seasonality that we saw a year ago is perhaps less pronounced this year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then as my follow-up, another question on Wireless, specifically around China. Obviously, you're tied to the North American customer and the Korean customer in a big way today, but when you think about your Wireless business and your RF business specifically, on say a three-year view, how do you think about the opportunity in China today?
Hock Tan: Well, there are opportunities for us in China, and -- but the focus of our success and our product success in Wireless, especially content increases year-on-year is -- as you know, we push the cutting edge on technology. Be it wireless Wi-Fi connectivity or RF cellular, we push the envelope and that tends to go very much largely to the flagship class phones. That top of the pyramid where a big part of it has been our major North American customer and Korean customer, plus a few other guys spread around. That's where our strength is, that's where the demand and value seen our products can have. As China evolve over time, having said that, the opportunity exists, they will move from feature phones to low-end smartphones to now some premium phones. And we begin to get traction on even those premium phones to the extent that those brands in China use it, and that's why we need the technological engineering edge that we provide in the products. Until then, they need less of it. Except -- with exceptions like carrier aggregation when we obviously are the leader in providing solutions for carrier aggregation on a discrete basis. But on an integrated basis into smartphones, it's really the flagship phones and now increasingly premium phones making its way into flagship phones that we see the demand. And that transition is happening in China, albeit, on a very gradual basis, but we're very patient people, we'll wait for it.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for sneaking me and congratulations. Hock, my first question is kind of a follow-up on the Enterprise Storage side. You rightfully pointed out that today, the SSD controller businesses is the smallest part of that business. I'm kind pf curious as you look out over time, do you see that market developing similar and potentially getting to be the size of the HDD controller market? Or is there something inherent about the growing complexity of raw NAND itself, which means there will always be a large portion of that controller market which is insourced, the guys building demand actually building their own controller. Do you think eventually you will end up in situation where it's all outsourced?
Hock Tan: That's a very insightful question and we see the SSD controllers for Enterprise to be a lot of it will be outsourced. Why? Because there are certain IP inherent in those Enterprise flash controllers that are very tricky to do. Not dissimilar from the re-channel of hard disk drives, so that will happen. [Indiscernible], because the nature of [Indiscernible], it's not so complex technology, IP required is not so extreme. We see that as probably less opportunistic for us, though one never knows. But certainly on Enterprise, which is where we are very focused on, we see a lot of need for intellectual property blocks features that few people can do. And we are one of those few people who can do it very well.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And then, Hock, as my follow-up, I think a lot of us in the investment community understand the Wireless, both on the RF and on the connectivity side, the content ASP story. I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about that same dynamic in your Wired business. And maybe differentiate between switching and routing versus set-top box and broadband access? How do we think about the ASP trends in those two segments over time? Or just your content going into the CapEx dollars being spent in the Wired market?
Hock Tan: Well, if you talk about switching and routing, it's really more than just chips -- building blocks of chips. It's really as much an architectural play, especially in the high end top of the rack, in the [Indiscernible] and the spine side of the data centers. And here is where our model just goes beyond selling pieces of silicon; we sell a lot of firmware and software that goes hand in hand to enable those chips to work with multiple OEM customers at the end of the day. So, that's a very interesting model for us and what is overriding all of this is obviously the need for more larger and larger more and more throughput, especially, in data centers, and especially in top of the rack and all the way to the spine. So, we have big advantages in this area simply because of the strength of the intellectual property we have in making very complex engineering, very complex SoCs, but also interface very high-speed interfaces or [Indiscernible] as we call it. So, all that plays to our advantage of being able to do it. And we continue to do that, and we continue to -- it goes from 10-gigabit to 25 to 50 to 100 and maybe -- and going on in the future to 200-gigabit to 400-gigabit. We believe we are investing heavily to ensure that we can develop those kind of products and develop it first and better than anybody else. So, -- and with that expansion of features, we benefit from content increases, simply because you are providing a customer more throughput and it's not a one-on-one scaling, it's more and more -- it's a lot of value for our customers to be able to go from 25-gigabit -- or 10-gigabit to 100 in the next year or two and we provide a lot of value in that. And by the way, in broadband, it's not dissimilar. Except that maybe it's not evolving as rapidly simply because it's a much more stable market, for instance, you hear about now 4K TVs video delivery to moving on to high definition, HD, and eventually moving even to 8K. That would be interesting to see how 8K is going to be accepted since the human eye may not even notice the difference, but people want it. And they want that, we're able to provide that. But it might take a bit longer, that's why I said broadband to us is a much -- we look at it as a much more stable gradually evolving market, even as OTT, the hype behind OTT and all that comes play which we participate in. But in data centers, it's serious stuff. More and more data are being basically pushed through pipes stored, processed as social media keeps expanding. And that's why we are seeing this past quarter and current quarter extraordinary strength in the demand for switching and routing.
John Pitzer: That's great. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: That concludes Broadcom's conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-12-08 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashish Saran - Director, Investor Relations Hock Tan - President and CEO Tom Krause - Acting Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Blayne Curtis - Barclays Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Vivek Arya - Bank of America John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Harlan Sur - JP Morgan William Stein - SunTrust Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research Ian Ing - MKM Partners Jeriel Ong - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Broadcom Limiteds Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ashish Saran, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ashish Saran: Thank you, Operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tom Krause, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom Limited. After market close today, Broadcom distributed a press release describing our financial performance for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016. Global Newswire inadvertently published our earnings release today without the financial tables that typically accompany the release. Global Newswire is in the process of re-publishing the complete document. However, these tables are available for you to review in the copy of the earnings release we furnished to the SEC earlier today. Once updated by Global Newswire, you will also be able to obtain this information from the Investor section of Broadcoms website at www.broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investor section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tom will be providing details of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 results, background to our first quarter fiscal year 2017 outlook and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call that primarily referred to are non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over the Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ashish. Good afternoon, everyone. Fiscal 2016 was a very transformational year for our company as we complete the acquisition of Broadcom Corporation. This acquisition and integration significantly increased our scale, added seven businesses to Avagos existing portfolio of 12 businesses and roughly double revenue. Since closing the acquisition at the start of our second fiscal quarter, we have made great strides in integrating classic Broadcom. As you may recall, going into the Broadcom acquisition, we had introduced an operating model targeting 60% gross margin and 40% operating margin that we had expected  planned, I should say, to progress over the long-term. Im very pleased that we were able to make good progress towards this target in fiscal 2016, and in fact, since closing the acquisition February 1, 2016, we have driven significant improvement in product margin and spending and exited  and in fact, exited the fiscal year exceeding this long-term target. More recently also, on November 28th, we have also made good progress on another major milestone with the integration of the Avagos and Broadcoms Financial Reporting Systems. Looking at 2017 and beyond, we expect our business to be continuing to be sustainable and in fact becoming much more profitable. We are raising our long-term operating margin target to 45%, a significant increase from our prior model. We expect to drive to this long-term target through a combination of the full realization of material cost synergies and operating leverage on a larger scale. Reflecting expected improvement in profitability, we announced earlier today a doubling of our dividends. We are comfortable that our projected free cash flow generation will support this significantly higher return to shareholders, while still preserving flexibility on our balance sheet for future M&A opportunities. If and when these new M&A opportunities materialize, they will enable us to further increase capital returns to shareholders. Let me now turn to a discussion of what happened in the fourth quarter. We delivered strong results for our fourth fiscal quarter of 2016 with revenue of  with revenue at $4.15 billion, up 9% sequentially. This result was at the top-end of our guidance primarily due to better seasonality from our Wireless and Enterprise Storage segments. Earnings per share of $3.47 grew by 20% sequentially. Talking about Wired, our largest segment, in the fourth quarter, revenue came in at $2.08 billion, meeting expectations totally and the Wired segment represented 50% of our total revenue. Revenue for this segment during the quarter was up slightly on a sequential basis. We benefited from increased demand for networking ASICs into data centers as well as strong fiber-optic shipments into access and metro networks. Our recently launched Jericho standard product line that targets aggregation and edge routing applications continue its reign during this quarter. We were also able to address the supply chain constraints we experienced in a prior quarter, allowing us to catch up to customer demand in our set-top box business. As we look to the first quarter for our Wired segment, despite expected declines, seasonal declines I should add, in broadband carrier access and set-top box businesses, we anticipate continuing growth in fiber optics and strong increased demand from several cloud data center operators, which will keep our Wired revenue in total at least flat sequentially. Moving on to Wireless, in the fourth quarter, Wireless revenue came in at about $1.35 billion and the Wireless segment represented 32% of total revenue. Revenue for this segment was up 34% sequentially, a bit stronger than expectations. Growth was primarily driven by the full ramp of the new phone generation at our North American smartphone customer, further enhanced by an increase in Broadcoms cellular RF content and Wireless connectivity content in this new generation of phones. Weve made great progress in relieving FBAR filter capacity constraints we experienced in late 2015. Over the course of 2016 fiscal year, we were able to increase FBAR filter capacity in our Fort Collins plant by approximately 50%. This increase was enabled by our new 8-inch wafer manufacturing process that came online with very good yields. As we look forward, we intend to add more capacity by continuing to convert existing switch 6-inch line to 8-inch line. This very capital efficient conversion approach will allow us to theoretically add another 70% of capacity over our existing 6-inch footprint within Fort Collins fab over the next few years. Because of this, we no longer need to keep the idle facility we had purchased in 2005 in Eugene, Oregon as a backstop pending the outcome of this 6 to 8-inch capacity expansion. Turning now to our projection for first quarter fiscal 2017, similar to last year, we expect a seasonal decline in demand and expect our Wireless revenue to sequentially decline in the mid-teens on a percentage basis at least. Turning to Enterprise Storage, which is going through something of a resurgence that we expect will continue into the first quarter fiscal 2017. In the fourth quarter, Enterprise Storage revenue came in at $561 million and this segment represented 14% of our total revenue. Segment revenue grew 6% sequentially and came in better than expectation. We benefited from the strengthening demand both for our HDD, hard disk drive and RAIDCores box adaptive products. Looking into the first quarter, we expect the strength in the storage end market to continue to show momentum and drive Enterprise Storage revenue growth to 20% on a sequential basis. We are expecting growth from all our Enterprise Storage products. In particular, were expecting a strong ramp in shipments of our custom flash controllers for the SAS, enterprise, Solid State Drives that are increasingly being used in place of high performance hard disk drives and data centers. Finally, lets move on to our last segment, Industrial. In the fourth quarter, Industrial segment revenue came in at $162 million, down 20% sequentially. This segment represented 4% of our total revenue as expected, with reduced shipments sharply into our channel as we headed towards this seasonally weaker end of the calendar year. Industrial product resales did decline, but only in the mid-single digits, sequentially, resulting in the sharp reduction in our channel inventory. Accordingly, as we look in the first quarter, we plan on rebuilding depleted channel inventory and anticipate increasing shipments to our distributors. As a result, we expect revenue in the first quarter from our Industrial statement to increase sequentially in the mid-single digits. In summary, after a strong close to our fiscal year 2016, we expect a solid start to fiscal 2017 as the demand environment for our entire portfolio of products continues to be very firm. In fact, we expect in the first quarter to largely offset the seasonal decline in Wireless revenue through sustained strength from Wired products benefiting from growth in Cloud, broad strength in Enterprise Storage and a recovery in industrial. With that, let me now turn the call over to Tom for a more detailed review of fourth quarter and fiscal 2016 financials.
Tom Krause: Thank you, Hock, and good afternoon, everyone. My comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise specifically noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release issued today and is also available on our website at broadcom.com. Let me start by providing some comments on our long-term operating model and update on our capital allocation return strategy. As Hock highlighted, the integration of classic Broadcom with Avago is going very well and we have made rapid progress towards achieving our original target operating margin objectives. Looking forward to a fully-integrated Broadcom, we recently announced an increase in our long-term target operating margin from 40% to 45%. We expect to make progress towards the new operating margin target through a combination of operating leverage driven by long-term revenue growth, which we continue to target at approximately 5% per year and the full realization of acquisition-related cost synergies from the Broadcom acquisition, all while maintaining a significant investment in research and development. In addition, we recently announced the acquisition of Brocade, which we expect to complete in the second half of fiscal 2017. We expect the Brocades Fibre Channel SAN Switching business will generate approximately $900 million in EBITDA by fiscal 2018. Turning to our balance sheet, we currently intend to maintain liquidity from cash on hand of approximately $3 billion to cover expected working capital needs and projected annualized dividends. As we have discussed in the past, we expect to continue to target gross leverage of approximately two times EBITDA as long as the cost of that leverage remains attractive. Given our current EBITDA run rate, we dont intend to pay down additional debt going forward beyond the amortization obligations in our loan agreements. Finally, long-term, we expect CapEx to run at about 3% of net revenue consistent with our largely fabless business model. However, youll see for fiscal 2017, we expect CapEx to run at an elevated level of approximately $1.2 billion. This includes about $500 million towards campus construction, primarily at our Irvine and San Jose locations, and about $200 million towards purchasing test equipment to consign the contract manufacturers to support classic Broadcom businesses. In summary, as we reflect on all this, were comfortable that we can generate long-term free cash flow margins of better than 35%. Turning to M&A and as Hock highlighted in his opening remarks, as we look at the landscape versus the scale of our projected free cash flow generation, we feel that we have reached the point where it makes the most sense to return a more meaningful portion of our cash flow to shareholders in the form of dividends. The substantial increase in our dividend announced today is the first step. Long-term, we plan to target aggregate dividends of approximately 50% of free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis. Given our free cash flow generation, we believe that this will also allow us sufficient balance sheet flexibility to pursue opportunistic acquisitions that are consistent with our proven business model. One note on the dividend, our board has decided to set dividend policy and the projected quarterly dividend amount for the full fiscal year rather than on a quarter-by-quarter basis as it did previously. However, the declaration and the payment of any particular quarterly dividend if any is subject to the approval of the board at the time of distribution. Now looking below the operating line, I want to pause for a minute to provide you a quick update and some color on our tax situation. As you are aware, we are a Singapore company and our IP is predominantly located in Singapore pursuant to our agreement with the Singapore government. When we acquired classic Broadcom, we intend to align the acquired operations with classic AVGOs existing processes and structure as that structure has demonstrated long-term sustainability and relatively higher flexibility to deploy clash globally. This integration of IP occurred in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. As a result of acquisition accounting at the time we closed the Broadcom acquisition we established a deferred tax liability on our balance sheet associated with the potential tax liability from our planned IP integration. This tax liability will only become payable upon the actual distribution of any earnings resulting from integrating the IP and maybe partially offset by any qualifying tax credits and deductions available to us at the time of distribution. We expect to distribute these earnings over several years. The payment of these cash taxes will be in addition to the cash taxes that we pay on our regular operations and will over time reduce the deferred tax liability that you see on our balance sheet today. As a result, in fiscal 2017, we expect to pay approximately $400 million in cash taxes, which will include the impact of cash taxes if any associated with the IP integration. With that, let me quickly summarize our results for the fourth quarter. Revenue for the fourth quarter came in at $4.15 billion, growing 9% sequentially. Foxconn was greater than 10% direct customer in the fourth fiscal quarter. Our fourth quarter gross margin from continuing operations was 60.8%, about 30 basis points above the midpoint of guidance, primarily due to better than expected operational efficiency. Turning to OpEx, R&D expenses were $666 million and SG&A expenses were $137 million. This resulted in total operating expenses for the fourth quarter of $803 million, slightly below guidance reflecting the benefits from the ongoing realization of acquisition-related cost synergies, offset by higher bonus accruals due to higher profitability. Operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $1.72 billion and represented 41.5% of net revenue. Provision for taxes came in at $73 million, slightly above our guidance. This was primarily due to higher than expected net income. Fourth quarter interest expense was $106 million and other income net was $9 million. Fourth quarter net income was $1.55 billion and earnings per diluted share were $3.47. Our share-based compensation expense in the fourth quarter was $208 million. Moving on to the balance sheet, our days sales outstanding were 48 days, a decrease of four days from the prior quarter due to better linearity of revenue in the quarter. Our inventory ended at $1.4 billion, an increase of $92 million from the beginning of the quarter. I would note that the starting inventory for the quarter included the impact of $86 million of step-up charges to reflect the impact of purchase accounting. However, our non-GAAP results exclude the impact of these step-up charges. Therefore, non-GAAP inventory days on hand reflected an aggregate change in inventory of $178 million in the quarter, an increase from 74 days to 78 days. We increased inventory for some of our classic Broadcom products to improve operational flexibility to better meet customer demand. We generated $1.35 billion in operational cash flow, which reflected the impact of approximately $124 million in cash expended primarily on classic Broadcom restructuring and integration activities including discontinued operations. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of approximately $3.1 billion. In the fourth quarter, we spent $193 million on capital expenditures. A total of $213 million in cash was spent on company dividend and partnership distribution payments in the fourth quarter. Now let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions and we do not intend to update this guidance. This guidance is for results from continuing operations only. Net revenue is expected to be $4,075 million plus or minus $75 million. Gross margin is expected to be 61.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $785 million. Tax provision is forecasted to be approximately $73 million. Net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $101 million. The diluted share count forecast is for 446 million shares. Share-based compensation expense will be approximately $210 million. CapEx will be approximately $330 million. And as a reminder, our first quarter is generally a weaker quarter for operating cash flow due to the payment of our annual employee bonuses relating to the prior fiscal year. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thank you. Hock question on networking and you mentioned some strength in ASICs. I know over a number of years you guys have done well in terms of taking share. Can you talk about where you are in that and just kind of maybe the legs of that share gain story on the ASIC side?
Hock Tan: Well, over the years, youre correct, we have been gaining share and as we talk generally about those shares, generally these ASIC have a long product life cycle and gaining share tends to take a while, a few years before you show up -- it shows up in revenues. And I guess, what were seeing now is the outcome -- the revenue outcome of share we had gained in previous years and we continue to gain share, especially weve -- on very, very high-speed, high-performance networking switches, routers, even vector processing machines.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And then as a follow up on the Wireless front, you mentioned kind of getting caught up on capacity and the 8-inch transition is going well. Up until this point, youve been mostly servicing at the two high-end smartphone OEMs. Any thoughts in terms of the approach going forward on the China smartphone OEM market in terms of is it sizable enough for you guys to engage more on that front?
Hock Tan: It is sizable. Its just that, see, our strength, our basic strategy in Wireless, be it RF cellular, analog or Wireless connectivity, WiFi that is Bluetooth combo is about the features, the engineering advances that innovation we provide with those solutions and those were -- and we continue to do that generation after generation. However, this tends to be very expensive, relatively speaking product, but they offer very, very unique differentiated features to our customers. So thats -- its usually only a very high-end segment of the market that takes this on, and youre right, it would include the Chinese that to the extent that the very high-end flagship status bring in status phones. But its a much smaller percentage than our core business, which is largely the flagship phones from our North American customer and our big Korean customer.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, guys. Great results. Maybe just following up on the last question, on the Wireless segment, youre guiding basically what you did last year [inaudible]. Im just curious if the moving pieces within that are about the same, if you can just give any comments on what youre seeing in the January versus last year.
Hock Tan: Pretty much the same, Blayne. You hit it right on. Our Wireless business is very, very -- more predictable, theres a product roadmap, every generation we come up with -- every generation of phone, which is every year virtually. We come up with a new set of new product, a new set of features, capabilities that our solution provides for our flagship customer -- phone customers and with it typically more content as we call it, because there are more bands or there are more features or there are more channels that Wireless connectivity needs in delivering the high-performance data signals that phones are rapidly becoming. So, like, it is, other than that, the fact that it keeps innovating, it keeps becoming a much more, more and more an engineered product, but its very much the same kind of business we had.
Blayne Curtis: Great. Then on just the guidance for storage is up quite strongly. You mentioned the ASICs presence. Just wondering with that -- within that guidance how much of that was contributing, just broad strokes and what else if you had to rank the drivers getting that 20% growth?
Hock Tan: No. Its no surprise to you guys, right? Right now, I suspect the -- not suspect, their strong seasonality in consumer PCs and hard disk drives are running very strong. Its also partly because enterprises, Cloud are buying a lot of hard disk drives because of enterprise great name shortages too and we -- so we benefit a lot on the storage side. But also were seeing a lot of Cloud spending on the storage side of the business, which is where our MegaRAID, our SAS storage connectivity or our server storage connectivity side of the business is also showing renewed strengths, even at this late stage of the Grantley generation, temporarily its coming next when we expect a big lift, but its interesting to see this lift also happening at this time. So were seeing across as I mentioned pretty much all sectors in our Enterprise Storage portfolio.
Blayne Curtis: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I guess the first one on the cash return policy. Congrats on doubling the dividend. Im just wondering if you could give a little color on how the 50% of free cash flow target was given. And, Hock, does that have any implications about your view on the appetite and/or availability of good M&A targets in that youre getting more equally balanced return of cash to shareholders and M&A?
Tom Krause: Ross, let me hit that first and then if Hock wants to add something more he should. At the end of the day its a balance, right, we looked at the scale of the free cash flow. We looked at the M&A landscape relative to that scale and we wanted to maintain flexibility on the balance sheet and remain in and around our target of two times EBITDA in terms of leverage. And so when we put that together and in light of the fact that were very focused on the dividend relative to any buybacks, 50% made sense.
Hock Tan: Yeah. What is implied here, Ross, the other side to it is, our appetite and acquisition hasnt changed at all. Interesting businesses out there that are actionable, we will consider and we will act prudently and appropriately. What is about, one, Ill just say in terms of our new cash allocate -- capital allocation policy is were basically taking the view that we are taking on a significant amount of our debt as effectively like long -- on a long-term capital, as part of our long-term capital. And we feel comfortable in continuing to support that, which then basically opens ourselves for the opportunity to really create a lot of flexibility on our balance sheet and our ability to translate a lot of our operating cash flow into cash return for our shareholders, while not at all diminishing our ability to act on transactions, that make plenty of sense.
Ross Seymore: Great. I guess and my one follow-up, its very helpful to have the updated target of 45% on the operating margin. I pulled that together with the last couple of quarters where you have nicely beaten the gross margin side of the equation. Gross margin wasnt mentioned in the levers youre going to use to get to that 45% operating margin, so I just wanted what your thoughts are in the at least the direction of gross margin going forward? Thanks.
Hock Tan: No, no. I didnt mention it. I didnt mention it. And what -- a key part of our realization of a benefit to all this and particular in gross margin is, our gross margin continues to expand. You have seen that since February 1st this year, quarter-after-quarter and we continue to expand, even as we guide Q1 fiscal 2017, Q4 fiscal 2016 was 60.8% gross margin. Were guiding it up to 61.5% and if you look at it closely by stepping up, we are not trying to tell you thats a long-term trend. We have been stepping it up about 50 basis points every quarter sequentially and the benefit and the reason why thats coming from is simply because very simple. We are getting synergies from material costs, some talk about investing CapEx into tests, a lot of tests of our silicon based products. These are very expensive tests. Theyre talking investing $200 million on a lot of tests because we believe we have a more efficient way of doing it, we do our testing through consignment of test equipment, which we are adopting. Its a good idea and the whole thing through all of that is, we are getting a lot of synergies on material costs, not just on our SG&A line.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the consistently good execution and for doubling the dividend. I have one question on Wired and one on Wireless. So how come the Wired one, just on an apples-to-apples basis how do you think your Wired business has done relative to what you thought when you acquired classic Broadcom? I know there is a perception that you have stood firm on pricing. Do you think this has distracted from growth in any way, just how do you think your networking and the cable sides have done in your Wired business over the past year?
Hock Tan: Okay. Our Wired business has done very, very well. In fact, to be direct about it, just before we closed the transaction, that means in the final due diligence stage and all that, looking from that point, starting point over the last nine months, its done much better than we had expected it to have done. We had seen this product has been very, very sustainable with our customers, been very, very strategic to a lot of our OEM customers and continuing to be that way. We continue to invest a lot in those areas that we particularly find them to be very, very core and sustainable, and we havent spend on that investment there and we are seeing it pay back a lot and by the way, when I say investment, its not just hardware, were investing a lot in firmware, software and support. So that business has done much better than we had originally thought we could get out of it.
Vivek Arya: Okay. And my follow up, looking forward, on your Wireless business, usually April is the seasonally tough quarter for your largest customer, but there is often some positive offset from your Korean customer. Can you give us some color on how youre thinking about how April might shape up this time around? Thank you.
Hock Tan: To be honest, we have no clue. For this one -- part of it is how resale is doing, especially through this holiday season. Thats when we start to know about it in the January timeframe. December is a bit too early to figure it out, but youre right, typically at that -- in spring, we have the other large customer, OEM customer in Korea has a nice counterbalance and that helps. But, overall, for Wireless we expect Q2 as always to be bottom -- to be almost I call it the bottom of the seasonality. Whats very nice for us right now is the strength that I purposely indicated to you guys in my remarks, opening remarks, in our Wired and a strong recovery now as on early recovery in bookings on our broadband set-top box and carrier access in bookings recovery would actually then  would actually help cushion that seasonality we expect in that March, April, timeframe, which is our Q2. But thats looking very far ahead, of course, which we as always never try to venture much of an opinion on.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Congratulations on the strong results. I guess guys, my first question just around CapEx. Tom, you gave a lot of detail for the fiscal year coming up, but it looks like you guys under spent in the calendar fourth quarter by quite a bit relative to guidance. What drove that and as you answer that question, Im just curious, Hock, I want to make sure I completely understand your commentary around the Oregon fab. Is it that the 6-inch to 8 inch transition for wafer has gone so well that you dont need to build out capacity in Oregon to the extent you thought, if you can just help me understand that, that would be helpful.
Tom Krause: Okay. Let me hit the first one quickly, John, then Ill pass it to Hock. The answer is timing of payments. We had a lot of obligations that we had placed orders and ended up making the payments rolling in the Q1 as opposed banking payments in Q4
Hock Tan: Yeah.
Tom Krause: So pretty straightforward, Q1 will be your high watermark for CapEx likely in this fiscal year.
Hock Tan: Okay. Its just timing slippages or payments from Q4 to Q1 basically. But back to Oregon fab, yeah, I know that a lot of concern, comments or chatter out there, at least I hear it from Ashish, about where we selling of these in idle potential facility in Eugene, Oregon. As I said my remarks, and you hit it right on, John is, and I say that right at the get-go when we bought this fab. Its an insurance policy. Thats the way to describe it. Its an insurance policy, because we were in the midst of increasing our capacity in Fort Collins by taking all our 6-inch lines, which is entire line a year plus a go, two years ago, and bringing, converting them into 8-inch in phases, but were converting to 8-inch. And by the time we converted all 6-inche, well get a 72% increase in capacity without any further expansions of the footprint, which is pretty cool, which will be pretty much what we need over the next two years, 72% increase. And our initial couple of phases of conversion, which has happened over the last year or two, year and a half, has gone very, very well. Yields are up to normal. Everything is running very well. So we feel very comfortable and in my usual way of making sure we dont overspend money, we dont want to hold onto an idle facilitate that we paid some operating expenses on an ongoing basis. In other words, I dont need insurance policy anymore.
John Pitzer: Thats help. And as my follow up, just to follow on to Blaynes question earlier. Im just kind of curious within Enterprise Storage, how large is the SSD business now and can you help us kind of understand how big that business should get, is this going to be a similar size market to HDD controllers overtime, are the dynamics of the market the same, or how are you thinking about this over a longer period of time?
Hock Tan: Well, I -- to be honest with you, first and foremost, I dont have the data in front of me. And if I do as a policy, we generally dont try to break it down, because then you would be torturing me every of this earnings call about what is number gone down now. But broadly its not the size of HDD re-channel at this point. And do we hope to cushion some the long-term gradual decline in HDD associate? Yes, we do. Thats why we go into this, because that has similar capabilities and designs that we transfer engineers from our  of our  transfer engineers from our SoC to this area, very nicely. And so we are seeing two strings of revenue in our, so to speak, our storage drive business right now. And its just that in this season where flash seems to be  Enterprise Flash seems to be in short supply. We are seeing enormous demand from couple of OEM customers for flash controllers. We do customize flash controller, I should say, we do for these OEMs that are used for SAS-based Enterprise Drive, which are the high-performance enterprise drives. So its very interesting and it is significant enough to be rather meaningful in overall mix.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Solid results and great to see the strong dividend rates here. On the data center routing side, strong results, were still early in the ramp with Jericho and Cameron here. Port deployments, I think, by your Cloud customers are still trending about less than 10%, from a silicon port shipment perspective though I think that the penetration numbers are obviously higher. So I guess the question is where do you think we are in terms of silicon port shipment penetration for Jericho and Cameron? And then on the routing side just sticking with that, is the team also benefiting from the data center routing port build out via some of your ASIC engagements as well?
Hock Tan: Interesting  yeah, but one thing you did say is very correct. The two are running almost in  well, not run -- the two will be running in parallel down the road. Youre right. Most of this routing program  routing call or edge routing and aggregation to some -- to larger extent data centers now are using, are used to be using a lot of ASICs, which is great for my ASIC business. What we are also seeing is some of this cloud guys theyre moving to merchant silicon, which is Jericho, Cameron as you put it. And thats early stage compared to the ASIC side. So we are very well positioned on the ASIC side and we are well-positioned now as we ramp up Jericho in edge and certain parts of [inaudible] aggregation especially. And is -- to answer your question its very early. That Cameron, Jericho side is barely -- you say 10%, Im surprised. I think its a bit more than that at this point. But then it could be data we may be looking at different parts of different sets of data. But its definitely not one-third yet. Its in the range of I would call it 20% to 35% of those parts available, because theres still a lot of the ASIC being used. But that push, that trend over the long term we are seeing is towards standard open merchant silicon, youre right. And we are seeing that, especially not just only in the cloud  hyper cloud Tier 1 guys, were seeing that among the operators, who are pushing for standard silicon, standard SAS for their networks and data centers. And thats also putting a lot of pressure in push  in driving up use of Jericho especially, but its also interesting in the sense that many OEMs are now coming -- working with us on both sets in parallel, which is why I say there will be coexistence of the two approaches, and ASIC, silicon for routing and together with merchant silicon.
Harlan Sur: Okay. Thanks for the insights there. And then on the broadband connected home, it seems like the pay-TV service providers in developed countries are getting ready to make a more aggressive push out of 4K UHD services, which I think should result in a set-top box upgrade cycle. So given your leadership in satellite, cable, IP set-tops, is this going to be start to be a growth tailwind for the team in 2017?
Hock Tan: Unlike to believe that, one replaces the other, though, but youre right. And for once they cant just use software to upgrade it. They actually need a relatively new chip, which is good for us. But we are seeing it, but its a gradual trend. Its not a one -- its not an avalanche. It will be a gradual trend and we are in the midst of it or the beginning, the early part of the uptrend on 4K.
Harlan Sur: Thanks, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of William Stein from SunTrust. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks. Let me add my congratulations on the excellent results. My question relates to carrier aggregation. Youve sighted this in the past as one of the future drivers of your RF content and Im wondering if you can update us to better understand where we are in the growth in that -- of that phenomenon driving that part of your business?
Hock Tan: Were in the midst of carrier aggregation as you know now. Its happening a lot in the U.S., its happening in China, in spades, so which is by the way a good way for us to sell our chips even to the low cost sensitive Chinese phone makers. Base station carrier aggregation in China and those are very difficult chips to do and we have the best performing chips, so we got a very good share in that even in China but even cost sensitive. In other words, they have chip stop everywhere except the carrier aggregation chip, which is interesting. But in terms of the big flagship phone makers that I mentioned earlier they have it all in spades. This is usually downlink carrier aggregation. In another year or two, we will see uplink carrier aggregation in additional, all towards saving infrastructure costs, base station costs and that will be another lift. Thats why I say year-by-year as I look over the next several years, that RF cellular permits that we develop and sell to those flagship phone makers continues to get more and more complex, more and more context.
William Stein: Great. Thanks. If I can follow up with one more on the pending Brocade acquisition, any update on the anticipated timing or in the process to sell the piece of that business that youre planning to divest.
Hock Tan: Tom, go ahead.
Tom Krause: No, no. Its a -- just as we discussed when we announced the deal. Were targeting the second half of our fiscal year and all the regulatory filing processes that have to take place are on track. As to the divestiture, we dont have any specifics to report at this point but we remain pretty confident that were going to be able to have a successful outcome there, and thats off to a very good start and progressing well and hope to report on that relatively soon.
William Stein: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I had a question on your margin target. You obviously got to the 40% operating margin target pretty quickly, raised it to 45%. Do you need the Brocade deal and the benefits in that in order to reach that 45% or do you think you can get there even without Brocade?
Hock Tan: The Brocade deal may have accelerated somewhat, but not really make a difference. We are trending towards it. It may take us a bit longer, without Brocade, may or may not, but we will get there. Were very confident. This model now is a long-term model, obviously, its not a model just for 2017 -- fiscal 2017. I would say its a model over the next three years that we would meet or exceed that 45% operating margin with or without Brocade.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you. Thats helpful. So my follow-up, just a quick on your debt balance. Obviously, youre going to be holding on the debt for now, but as far as I understand, its mostly or even all are floating rate. How do you think about that situation and what may potentially be a deflationary environment that were heading into?
Tom Krause: Its a good question, its something we monitor and focus on, as you might expect. I think the key take away is that our credit quality continues to improve and I think thats going to drive a lot of our decision-making around how we think about floating versus fixed in our long-term capital structure. But Ive got to leave it there in terms of talking about specifics on how we might think about solving the floating rate risk going forward.
Stacy Rasgon: Yeah. Okay.
Hock Tan: But we do recognize it.
Stacy Rasgon: Sorry. Go ahead?
Hock Tan: But we do recognize it.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ian Ing from MKM Partners. Your line is open.
Ian Ing: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. Youve done a great job of targeting big OEMs of the world. What are your thoughts on automotive OEMs, I mean, is this something potentially to go after one day, it seems every semiconductor company, large ones like Intel and Qualcomm and Samsung are talking about it? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Oh! What -- I assume you dont mean targeting OEMs as customers, right?
Ian Ing: You talked about it
Hock Tan: With the OEMs as customers, right.
Ian Ing: Right.
Hock Tan: Yeah. Well, yeah, see our business model is very financially driven. We sell components. We sell very engineering based components where each of -- in each of our product lines, business units, we are the -- not just the market leader, we are the technology leader, very, very clearly. This can be the niche market that some of them have become and our big end markets, regardless thats our business model. And our acquisitions as you put it, as we put it, is not about targeting any specific area, its more about targeting businesses out there that become available that have a very strong potential to be, to meet those criteria. I mentioned about established markets, technology leader and very successful in areas they are -- in the market they are in, be the niche or main. And automotive is one, yes, we might in on automotive if there potential opportunities there, but we dont stretch and go out of our way to look at specific end markets where we want to play.
Ian Ing: Thanks. And for my follow up, perhaps, more of an update on the IT back end consolidation and update on the synergies there. You talked about financial systems in the prepared comments and does that go into Q2 and Q3 of this year?
Hock Tan: Yeah. Were not done with our synergies yet, especially on the operating synergies, OpEx synergies in below the line SG&A and we will start having -- we are now running on one ERP system, which is great, which would be -- which would help us a lot in terms of headcounts and expenses to be able to run it much more efficiently. And we will also see other synergies in other areas that in IT, workplace services that really play in a few other areas, and they all will come in over the course of at least the next six months, if not nine months.
Ian Ing: Thank you, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. In the interest of time, we will take our last question from the line of Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeriel Ong: Hi. This is Jeriel Ong on behalf of Amit. Just two quick questions and thanks for squeezing us in. I think first off, it looks like just based on modeling to the midpoint of guidance that operating margins could be about slightly north of 42%. I know you guys just talked about 45% the long-term target. Going forward, is the -- getting to that 45% number, is it going to be more gross margin or operating or OpEx in terms of synergies?
Hock Tan: Both, we expect our long-term -- to answer your question where 45% comes from, it comes from both places. As you see us keep expanding our gross margin and we see that continuing for some period of time. We will start to approach particularly product makes as well together with cost synergies and scale on manufacturing overheads as we cover -- as we broaden our product lines, scale our product lines over the same set of manufacturing support teams to come closer and closer to 65%. Our OpEx, R&D and SG&A will run closer and closer to 20%, if its not already there. R&D will continue to be at 16%, 17%. I think its a basic thing. And our SG&A is ahead also, less than 4% now closer and closer to 3%. So you can see where our 45% is. Now thats not going to happen in 2017, guys, but its where over time we will be able to drive this OpEx.
Tom Krause: Yeah. And let me add also the revenue trajectory and how the revenue bumps around, especially related to the 5% targets we have also will help drive that number.
Hock Tan: Yeah.
Jeriel Ong: Yeah. Thanks for that clarity. I think that helps quite a bit. Next question, just congrats on the dividend increase. And its -- while Im not trying to push my luck here, but I would say the two other factors that investors struggle with is the lack of buybacks and not including option expenses in the model. Can you just talk to your process around those two dynamics?
Tom Krause: Sure. Ill take it. On the latter question around SBC, we certainly break it out very explicitly in our comments and our results. So we think were addressing that pretty much head on. In terms of  in terms of the buybacks, I mean, weve addressed this number of times. We look at dividends as a more permanent return to capital, a better indication of how we feel about our business, obviously, we talk a lot about the sustainability of the franchises that we own, and I think, thats consistent with our model.
Jeriel Ong: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, Id like to turn the call back over to Ashish Saran, Director of Investor Relations, for closing comments.
Ashish Saran: Thanks, Operator. Id like to confirm that Global Newswire has now released the corrected earnings press release which includes financial tables. The updated press release has also been uploaded to our website at broadcom.com. Thanks everyone for participating in todays earnings call and we look forward to talking with you again when we report our first quarter fiscal year 2017 financial results. That concludes Broadcoms conference call for today. You may now disconnect.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, once again, thank you again for your participation in todays conference. This now concludes the program and you may all disconnect your phone lines at this time. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-09-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashish Saran - Director, Investor Relations Hock Tan - President and Chief Executive Officer Tom Krause - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Blayne Curtis - Barclays Vivek Arya - Bank of America Chris Danely - Citigroup Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Vijay Rakesh - Mizuho Stephen Chin - UBS
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Limiteds Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ashish Saran, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ashish Saran: Thank you, operator and good afternoon everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tom Krause, acting Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom Limited. After the market closed today, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcoms website at www.broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be available via telephone playback for 1 week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tom will be providing details of our third quarter fiscal year 2016 results, background to our fourth quarter fiscal year 2016 outlook and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ashish. Good afternoon, everyone. Well, we did deliver very strong results for our third fiscal quarter 2016, with revenue at $3.8 billion, up 7% sequentially and above the midpoint of guidance. Earnings per share of $2.89 grew by more impressive 14% sequentially as we benefited from the leverage inherent in our business model. I am rather pleased with our execution on integrating classic Broadcom businesses and divesting several of its non-core businesses we had identified as assets held for sale. We have also made rapid progress in driving towards our target business model within the first two quarters after closing the acquisition, but we are not yet done with the full realization of expected acquisition-related cost synergies. Let me now turn to a discussion of our third quarter segment results starting with wired. In the third quarter, wired revenue came in at $2.07 billion and the wired segment represented 54% of total revenues. Revenue for this segment was flat sequentially as the strong demand we had seen for wired products in the prior quarter continued to sustain into the third quarter. This was slightly weaker than we have expected due to lower than expected set-top box product shipments because of supply constraints. However, the reduction in set-top box revenue was offset by growth in our ASICs, particularly in Ethernet switching and fiber optic shipments into the fiber-to-the-home applications. We also benefited from strong demand for fiber-to-the-home products in our broadband access business, switching and routing ASSPs sustained as datacenter operators continue to upgrade their infrastructure. Our Jericho routing product family, which is enabling a whole new set of switching and routing platforms for our core customers had a strong ramp in this quarter. As we look into the fourth quarter for our wired segment, similar to the prior quarter, we expect wired to sustain and continue to come in flat sequentially. We continue to resolve supply constraints in this segment as we progress through the fourth quarter. Moving on to wireless, in the third quarter, wireless revenue came in at about $1 billion, and this segment represented 27% of total revenues. Revenue for this segment was up 27% sequentially somewhat stronger than expectations. Growth was primarily driven by the expected start of a ramp from a large North American smartphone customer as they transition to their next generation platform further enhanced by a substantial increase in Broadcoms content in the new handset. We also benefited from continued demand increases from our large Asian handset customer. Looking towards the fourth quarter fiscal 2016, we expect strong growth to continue in our wireless segment and we are projecting revenue growth over 30% sequentially here. We expect this growth to result from the full ramp of the new phone model and our North American smartphone customer partially offset by the annual product cycle rollover in our large Asian customer. Let me now turn to enterprise storage. In the third quarter, enterprise storage revenue came in at $527 million, and this segment represented 14% of total revenue. Segment revenue came in flat sequentially compared to the large seasonal decline in the prior quarter. We had expected revenue in this segment to decline sequentially, but instead we delivered better results as some stability returned to both the hard disk drive and server storage SaaS connectivity businesses in the third quarter. Looking into the fourth quarter, we expect positive end market seasonality to drive enterprise storage revenue growth in the low single-digits sequentially. Finally, to our last segment, industrial, as I mentioned previously, this segment also includes our IP, intellectual property licensing business. In the third quarter, industrial segment revenue came in at $202 million, up 11% sequentially much better than expectations. Industrial segment represented 5% of our total revenue. In IP licensing, as expected, after a strong and lumpy second quarter, revenue dropped in the third quarter in IP licensing. In contrast, industrial product resales, there is our distributors selling to our end customers grew by a healthy 15% sequentially, with strong demand from all geographies. As a result, industrial product revenue also increased sequentially and significantly as we replenish depleted channel inventory during the third quarter. And accordingly, as we look into the fourth quarter and take into account the strong inventory replenishment in the third quarter, we plan on reducing shipments into the channel as we head towards the seasonally weaker end of the calendar year. Therefore, even as we focus resales to continue to be firm and trend up mid single-digits, we expect an approximate 20% sequential decline in fourth quarter industrial revenue. In summary, therefore, I would like to say its visibility to near-term projected demand remains very solid and we anticipate continued momentum into the fourth quarter. We expect the ramp in our wireless segment to drive consolidated revenue growth of 8% sequentially. We expect our operating leverage to drive earnings per share growth of 16% sequentially twice our projected revenue growth. With that, let me now turn the call over to Tom for a more detailed review of our third quarter financials.
Tom Krause: Thank you, Hock and good afternoon everyone. My comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise specifically noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release issued today and is also available on our website at broadcom.com. We continue to focus on our core businesses or franchises as we call them, to drive a financial model that delivers sustainable mid single-digit annual revenue growth at greater than 60% gross margin and greater than 40% operating margin. To that end, in the third quarter, we took another very positive step towards our target model. We achieved healthy top line growth with gross margin over 60% and operating margin at just over 39%. As our integration plans progress, we see a very clear line of sight to achieving our target model in fiscal year 2017. We were also able to improve our capital structure in the quarter. We completed both previously announced divestitures collecting over $600 million in cash and paid down $1.3 billion of our long-term debt. Finally, just after the quarter close, we took advantage of favorable credit markets to refinance our outstanding term loans at substantially lower rates. I will touch on the details of the refinancing later in my prepared remarks. Now let me turn to a summary of our results for the third quarter. Revenue for the third quarter came in at $3.8 billion, growing 6.7% sequentially. Foxconn was greater than 10% direct customer in the third fiscal quarter. Our third quarter gross margin from continuing operations was 60.4%, about 40 basis points above the midpoint of guidance, primarily due to better than expected operational efficiency. Turning to operating expenses, R&D expenses were $667 million and SG&A expenses were $141 million. This resulted in total operating expenses for the third quarter of $808 million, in line with guidance. Operating expenses were flat sequentially as the benefits from the ongoing realization of acquisition related cost synergies were offset by higher bonus accruals due to higher profitability. Our fourth quarter guidance for operating expenses anticipates a similar outcome. We expect our IT platform integration, which is scheduled to be completed in early fiscal year 2017, to continue to drive operating expense reductions next year as we work towards the full realization of projected acquisition related cost synergies. On a percentage basis for the third quarter, total operating expenses were 21.3% of revenue. As a percentage of sales, R&D was 17.6%, and SG&A was 3.7%. Operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $1.5 billion approximately and represented 39.2% of net revenue. Taxes came in at $61 million, slightly above our guidance. This was primarily due to higher than expected net income. Third quarter net income was $1.3 billion approximately and earnings per diluted share was $2.89. Third quarter interest expense was $139 million and other income net was $4 million. As I mentioned in the opening remarks on August 2 right after the quarter closed the second day of the fourth fiscal quarter, in fact we completed the refinancing of outstanding term loans by upsizing our term loan A and reducing our term loan B by an equivalent amount and simultaneously re-pricing the remainder of the term loan B at a lower interest rate. The net effect is a reduction of our blended cost of debt based on current LIBOR from 3.5% to 2.9%. This refinancing significantly lowers our projected ongoing interest expenses starting with the fourth fiscal quarter of 2016. Keep in mind our indebtedness is 100% floating rate and is therefore subject to movement in short-term interest rates. Our share based compensation expense in the third quarter was $213 million, which included the full impact from new grants issued to classic Broadcom employees after the close of the acquisition in the second quarter. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we anticipate share based compensation expense will also be approximately $213 million. Just as a reminder, our definition of GAAP net income excludes share based compensation expense. Moving on to the balance sheet, our days sales outstanding were 52 days, an increase of 4 days from the prior quarter due to the timing of the seasonal ramp in our wireless revenues. Our inventory ended at $1.3 billion, down from $1.47 billion in the prior quarter. This was primarily due to the completion of wireless filter inventory we have built up in prior quarters to support the strong second half production ramp, which started as expected in the third quarter. We generated $963 million in operational cash flow, which reflected the impact of approximately $96 million of cash expended on restructuring activities. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of approximately $2 billion. In the third quarter, we spent $232 million on capital expenditures. For the fourth quarter, we expect CapEx to be approximately $325 million. As I had mentioned previously, we expect CapEx to run at an elevated level over the next several quarters, driven by campus construction, primarily at our Irvine and San Jose locations, integration related operations and IT investments and the ongoing RF filter fab capacity expansion we discussed in the past. A total of $211 million in cash was spent on company dividend partnership distribution payments in the third quarter. And as I think you have seen already, our Board just recently declared a dividend of $0.51 per share to be paid later in this fourth fiscal quarter. Now let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions and we do not intend to update this guidance. This guidance is for results from continuing operations only. Net revenue is expected to be $4.1 billion, plus or minus $75 million. Gross margin is expected to be 60.5% plus or minus one percentage points. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $108 million. Taxes are forecasted to be approximately $71 million. Net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $104 million, and the diluted share count forecast is for 448 million shares. Now that concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, if you could please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Pitzer: Yes. Hock and Tom, thanks for letting me ask the question. Hock my first question is just on the wired business, you talked about supply constraints in the set-top box area, was that all the miss in the July quarter. And then when you look at the non-set-top box portion of wired through both July and October, I am just kind of curious you could qualify how that business is trending, especially because some companies have been talking about de-acceleration in data center spending in the back half of the year, I would think that you guys would probably be an early leading indicator for that because you really dont want to buy CPUs if you dont have kind of your [indiscernible] so any kind of color on that would be helpful?
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, with regard to data center spending, yes we do see strength. And in fact, we saw the strength as early as Q2, our fiscal Q2, not calendar but our fiscal Q2. And that strength has continued into this current  into Q3 and even as we sit here right now.
John Pitzer: And then Hock, as my follow-up on the wireless business, you are guiding sequential growth higher in the October quarter than July quarter, which is consistent with what you said on the last conference call, I am just kind of curious if you can help us understand whats unit driven versus content driven and now that we are sort of a quarter into some new builds of new cell phones, can you talk a little bit about your content growth expectation on both the FBAR and the connectivity side for some of those new phones?
Hock Tan: Well, one thing I have to press is, this is a  what we are seeing in this quarter Q3 fiscal quarter and Q4, most of Q4 fiscal quarter is all over that ends in October. That represents a period when its still a ramp, okay. So its how one constructs the ramp and orders required of our key customers and not necessarily representatives of volumes that would eventually be sold through the various channels into end customers. So with that preface, what we are always saying is with the build year-on-year be compared back to a year ago, the build in unit terms has not significantly changed. Its largely all about content change  changes.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Hock Tan: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, guys. Nice results. Just two questions on wireless, if you could just talk about, obviously, you have one customer doing the big ramp you mentioned one baseline now, can you talk about the China market and what you are seeing there and then on the connectivity side, could you just talk about the roadmap there for Thompson increase, I know you are getting little GPS this go around, but just for WiFi combo chip, whats the roadmap and whats the opportunity to gain more content over the next couple of generations?
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, lets touch about WiFi, which is wireless connectivity with Bluetooth combo included in it. Its  what we are seeing now today is by the way, we are largely in the high-end phones, where we have  where we are driving 802.11ac generation. And in that regard, we are not seeing that much content increase say from a year ago. We expect to see that content increase as we move into next year as more functionality, higher performance, multi-bands start to come into play, which includes not just 2.5 gigahertz, but 5 gigahertz. We also expect to see beyond that 802.11ac moving into AX, which would be a big step up for the  in content gain. And in many ways, this is all about increasing capacity throughput of bandwidth of data transfers through these WiFi connections. Apparel situation to our LTE wireless situation was increasing bands. First, LTE and then they are increasing the number of bands in LTE interconnectivity leading to increasing content. Very, very similar, may not match it to other as we move one generation to the other, but their overall trend upward is extremely light.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks. Can you just talk about on the cellular side, what you are seeing in China? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Well, our visibility in China is not that good in the sense that we sell to OEMs and they sell to all over the world and our focus largely on very high-end premium phones be they premium phones from Chinese makers or U.S. makers or Korean makers. So, its not really a good representation of true end demand as others may see it in China.
Blayne Curtis: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for letting me ask a question. For my first one, Hock, you mentioned supply constraints in your set-top box business, which I believe is around $500 million, $550 million a quarter or so. Can you quantify how much sales you are missing? Is it a 5% impact? Is it a 10% impact? And is there going to be a quarter in the future when you catch up with all these sales that you are missing right now?
Hock Tan: Well, first of all, its very hard for us to quantify, because customer comes in and place their request and we obviously modulated with what we can shift and so there will be push and pull. And by the time its all done, I will be honest I dont have a good idea what it is. And even I do, I probably wouldnt disclose it in this public forum, but that aside, we are very aware that we could ship more not for our supply constraints and we have been improving them over the course of the last several months actually and we expect to be largely out of this by the end of this fiscal quarter Q4.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And then as a follow-up, I wanted to ask about the leverage in the model, you mentioned you will already be at your target operating margins by Q4 and I am curious how much more room is there on the gross margin side. Is it possible to get to, say, 61 or 62? And then on the OpEx side, I believe, Tom, you said that you will have the full realization of synergies in OpEx next year. And since you are sort of around $808 million, what does full realization of synergies mean in terms of either an absolute number or as a percentage of sales by next year? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Well, let me try to answer the question on both sides very simply. We have said announced publicly, disclosed early on when we closed the deal in early February, February 1 that we target to exit fiscal 16 which is this current quarter Q4 at 40% operating margin. As guidance is showing, we are going to achieve that goal. Now, is that our targeted and state operating margin? Obviously, you hit it right. No, thats not our targeted operating margin necessary at all, because we do see that all operating spending and the current level is about 800 plus, 808, to take a step down especially, particularly after we integrate our two ERP systems. As you know, classic Avago runs Oracle, classic Broadcom runs SAP after the end of November, which is our day 2, what we call day 2 where we integrate two systems into one, one database, one ERP system. We expect to run only one system that will be a step down in terms of our headcount requirements, in terms of our support costs and obviously, an improvement in our operating cost structure significantly. And that will come through obviously in fiscal 17 and which will then gives our operating margin a further lift up. Without your consideration to further expansion of our gross margin which as you have seen over the last two or three quarters is likely to continue.
Vivek Arya: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Chris Danely: Hey, thanks guys. Hock, just a quick clarification on the previous question, so you said that the GMs, there should be a little bit of lift, they should be able to keep going up, was that kind of what you were saying to the last question and then I will get started?
Hock Tan: Yes.
Chris Danely: Okay, great. The first one is can you just touch on the connectivity business? Was that up sequentially and maybe talk about the margins there and the progression and how you feel about how the business is progressing what the margin goals are?
Hock Tan: In terms of wireless connectivity you are talking about the WiFi Combo Chip and all that?
Chris Danely: Yes, the classic Broadcom connectivity?
Hock Tan: Broadcom connectivity, thats progressing very, very well. It addresses the same end markets as our FBAR business has the same characteristics, has the same stickiness and driving towards the same margin goals.
Chris Danely: Was that revenue up sequentially as well?
Hock Tan: Yes, it was.
Chris Danely: Great. And then for my follow-up, I guess, just to take a step back, Hock, how do you feel about the overall semiconductor environment today versus a quarter or two quarters ago, better, the same, maybe talk about where you feel better, where you are more nervous if any?
Hock Tan: Its not much. Well, thats broadly, its growing macroscopically. Its sustaining. Its holding up. Thats why it is holding up sustaining? Is it booming? Not really, but just sustaining. Now, obviously you see seasonal effects versus secular effects, which I assume your question is addressed. Secular is holding up. Seasonally, you have seen the RAM on the smartphone business. And as we always do end of the year and we are experiencing that RAM, but there is a seasonal effect as opposed to the secular and secular, which is as I say just holding up.
Chris Danely: Great. Thanks, guys.
Hock Tan: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks. Good afternoon guys. I guess two questions for me as well Hock, when you look at your operating model today and I guess I am looking at October 15 quarter, pre the Broadcom deal, you did 62% gross, 43.8 op margins, structurally do you think there is anything different in Avago plus Broadcom that prevents you from getting there over the next several quarters?
Hock Tan: No, nothing prevents us from getting there nor exceeding it.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. And I guess any update on Tony and the CFO position as you go forward from here, I think the expectation was four months after you guys announced that there will be some updates?
Hock Tan: No. We dont have any particular updates at this point, but we will be sure to let you guys know as soon as we have it.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. Thanks and congrats on the quarter guys.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thank you. I had a question on the RF dollar content story Hock, can you just give an update in terms of particularly what you are seeing from carrier aggregation and then locations there for growth as you move forward?
Hock Tan: Continuous  and when you say that, I assume you would  wireless RF content, you are referring particularly to cellular RF content, which is largely our FBAR and the front end modules associated with that FBAR. And that story has not changed. The continued increase in the number of bands continue  continue to grow and carrier aggregation is another phenomenon in parallel that increases FBAR content in those handsets, in those high end handsets, be they in China or in the U.S. So you are right and that content increase continues to steadily progress generation after generation. And we have seen that last 3 years and I see that in the next 2 years.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it, great. And then if I follow-up on the supply constraints just to clarify, you mentioned set-top boxes but on the Tomahawk or switching side, have those constraints eased at this point?
Hock Tan: Those constraints, after much vigorous supply chain action, have eased quite and have eased quite significantly. And by the end of this quarter, we would certainly be out of the woods there.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Seymore: Hi Hock, just a question on your wireless business in the past, your seasonality has changed substantially in the January quarter, I realize you are only guiding to the October quarter, but could you just walk us through the puts and takes of what normal seasonality is from what you see now that you include classic Broadcom with classic Avago?
Hock Tan: You are right. Our seasonal  the sharper seasonality of the past when it was just classic Avago would probably have reduced, simply [indiscernible] because wireless used to be north of 40% of classic Avagos revenues. Today, wireless which is highly seasonal part of our business even as its grown bigger in absolute dollars represents closer to 30% of our total revenues and it is the bigger portion of it, the 70% representing networking, enterprise storage and industrial as you well know of extremely stable, almost like to say predictable businesses. So its certainly a modulated down very well volatility of our revenue seasonally. And so Q1, we dont give forecast, but we fully expect it to be not as volatile as perhaps it might have been 2 years ago.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thanks. A follow-up one for Tom, on the OpEx side of things, I believe that in addition to the margin guidance that you had given exiting this year 40%, etcetera, you also said exiting this year, you would have about half of the OpEx dollar savings that you expected to achieve, is that still on target. And I guess, if we just made the word simple and said you had the other half left remaining from the 8.08 that you are guiding to, where we are getting that other half bring OpEx down to on a dollar basis? Thanks.
Hock Tan: You are really pushing it.
Tom Krause: You want to answer that?
Hock Tan: Yes. I will answer that. You would probably get it down like some $30 million.
Tom Krause: A quarter.
Hock Tan: A quarter. Sorry.
Tom Krause: And to answer the question Ross, yes we are just about half way there.
Ross Seymore: Great. So 70, 80 is kind of the base you are talking about?
Hock Tan: Thats first part of the year. Second half of 17, we will remain to tell it.
Ross Seymore: Perfect. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Harlan Sur: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Looking at data center switching and routing ASSP product families that would be Jericho, Qumran, Tomahawk [indiscernible] demand continues to be pretty solid as mentioned cloud data center spending in the second half looks to be strong, Hock I am just wondering how far are you into the Tomahawk and Jericho 25 gig adoption, are we 15% of the way through 30% of the way through, just wanted to get a sense on how much growth potential lies ahead of the company?
Hock Tan: Well, the Jericho ramp, as I indicated in some of our remarks, while maybe not that clear is just started. And by the Qumran and Jericho similar in some ways, different specific applications, but the Jericho ramp is just  has just started. Tomahawk was about six months earlier, three months to six months earlier. But again, many of these products have fairly been wire could have more expanded life cycles. So I will say definitely, even Tomahawk is less than 40% of the way, maybe no more than one-third of the way. And Jericho, which is the aggregation switch or I will call it a router too if you want to, its probably maybe 20% even there at all the way.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thanks for the answer. And then there is a portion of the wireless business that gets sort of less visibility, these are the analog ASIC 2, some of your large smartphone customers, we have heard that the design pipeline there is quite good, how do you see this sub-segment adding to the content growth story in wireless this year and over the next 2 years?
Hock Tan: That one, I am not at liberty to disclose to you. Sorry, simply because of the nature of what you characterize as an ASIC.
Harlan Sur: Got it, okay. And maybe just a follow-up question then, on the supply constraint in the set-top box business Q3, Q4, where was the mismatch in terms of supply and demand, is there just more demand for some of the high end set-top boxes, like some of these new 4K UHD speed boxes or was the mismatch more around some of the low end boxes, any color would be helpful?
Hock Tan: Well, our sense  our I guess, perception is the mismatch between demand  the mismatch between demand and supply is because of very strong demand much more than normal and its probably driven, we guess by two factors. One, you hit it right on is perhaps the RAM, the rollout of those 4K systems, the Ultra HD as you call it. And that coupled with the late summer Olympics where there were some operators like Comcast, which had a very strong promotion on cable for the Olympics. So that drove I suspect, a one-time pushup  one-time upside and couple that with the rollout of 4K systems.
Harlan Sur: Thanks, Hock.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. My first one is on CapEx, you are guiding for another step-up in CapEx in your fiscal fourth quarter, can you maybe remind us how much capacity you are adding in that business this year and what your preliminary plans are going into 2017?
Tom Krause: Yes. You are right, we will continue to make conversions from 6 inch to 8 inch and thats ongoing. And it depends on what frame of reference we are using in terms of how much we are adding, but its approximately 50% at this point. I will keep in mind though as we have talked about CapEx more broadly, the main reason at this point for the uptick is in a campus expansion strategy. We are moving from leasing buildings to buying and owning buildings, which drops our overall cost of inhabiting those campuses. So, thats a key driver. The second key driver is we are also moving to consign testers. We are no longer leasing testers. We are actually spending money to own our testers and consigning to our CMs. So, those are the two big drivers of the uptick in CapEx.
Toshiya Hari: Great, thank you. And as my follow-up, I had one on gross margins. Hock, you talked about your comfort level, when you think about gross margins going forward, but when we kind of zoom into the fiscal fourth quarter, you are guiding gross margins pretty much flat sequentially despite any percent increase in revenue. Can you discuss what the puts and takes are here?
Hock Tan: Well, if you look  maybe I should take you to looking back over the last three quarters where we have been stepping up gross margin on a fairly steady and hopefully more predictable basis. And each time we guide from what we have actually seen. We try not to guide from what we have not seen simply because gross margin as you put it a lot of puts and takes. But as some touch on earlier highlighted in respect of CapEx, we are actually  we have initiatives on hand to actually improve our gross margin, not just because of product mix, but also the sheer fact that, for instance, in wireless moving to 6 to 8-inch increasing CapEx, reduces our cost of sales quite dramatically in our wireless business. Going from leasing testers and we use a whole lot of them for our semiconductor ICs to owning the testers on a fairly substantial basis is also driving our cost of material  cost of purchase material significantly down. And all these actions are ongoing and all these actions are continuing to proactively reduce our cost of sales and expand our gross margin. And you will see that. And rather than forecasting what it will be, we are basically using the current reference point and telling you when its likely to move to the next quarter.
Toshiya Hari: Very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Your line is now open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you. I had a couple of longer term questions. The first one, Tom, just following up on the capacity expansion, you have given us the 50% expansion for fiscal 16, but what is the thinking beyond that? And what I am trying to get to is that with the content gain that you have laid out longer term, would you have capacity and the ability to supply other than the two big customers that you are supplying? And then I had a follow-up after that.
Tom Krause: Yes. We dont have any specific update on that other than to say any capacity expansion we have talked about will be based on line-of-sight demand. We have always built to capacity levels where we know we have demand in hand and we will continue to do that.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay, makes sense. And then Hock, on the question longer term ASICs, you guys have built a great business there and to us it seems competition has been weakening, but then couple of weeks ago, at the Intel Developer Forum, Intel was very vocal about their aim and the goal to go after the communications infrastructure and we all know what happened last time, you went after it, but what is the right way? Help us  just provide us your perspective on how easy or how hard it is to go after that business. And we all know that not just having SerDes is not the only answer. So, please help us understand that little bit better? Thanks.
Hock Tan: You mean  could you repeat that  I didnt quite catch it. What was Intel indicating in IDF about going after the communication chip business you mean?
Ambrish Srivastava: No, in the foundry business, the other area besides the client handset business where they announced partnership at ARM, the other area that they were talking about is the infrastructure networking and there were other customers that were also there at the forum that we are talking to Intels foray into the business, essentially going after Ciscos business?
Hock Tan: Well, to be honest, we dont know much about that  didnt hear much about that. But as you probably may know, the ASIC business, especially the high-end ASIC business where your customer is requiring technology  is pushing the limits of technology be they SerDes bandwidth, be they IP and embedded processing that has very low power, very high performance and features, IP features like that. Its not a business one gets into on an overnight basis. And your question is correct its a long-term basis, simply because, first, you have to have the strength of the IP portfolio capabilities, which we have in plentiful supply, if you dont mind by saying that. Number one, thats only a necessary condition. Its not even sufficient. The sufficient one is that you are able to execute on silicon implementation and you are talking about leading edge not related to foundries that have proven ability to deliver on those leading edge nodes and been able to execute your design well. And that comes  the proof comes with the Ethernet, which means you got to have the confidence of your customers that you are able to do what they want you to do, because if you dont, they are screwed literally simply because their roadmap depends on it. So, they are not about to rush into any new opportunity even on a price even on whatever nice stuff it is just because on say so that might happen. It takes a long time. Its almost a Catch 22. You want to get into this business, be it leading edge not as a foundry or leading edge SerDes, our intellectual property in silicon, you have to convince your customer you can deliver and your customer is putting their future at least in [indiscernible] in your hands. Which customer in their right mind would easily do that? They wont. They want you to prove it, but you cant prove it unless they try it. So, its a Catch 22. So, its hard. All I am trying to say its very hard. Its a long process. We have fortunately  we are fortunate to be in a position that we have proven ourselves and so competition will come. It always does and we will deal with it as we always have.
Ambrish Srivastava: Clear. Thanks, Hock.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Vijay Rakesh: Good quarter and guide year. Just on the wireless side when you look at your 810s FBAR, it looks like on the wireless side you seem to be gaining share, but with this 810s, are you able to get your costs down and compete more effectively with FBAR up and down that chain?
Hock Tan: We continue to do that. You noted every new generation, which is almost every year, we change our process. We just not only change our design. And I said that before too in several meetings, several calls of this nature ago. Our advanced process technology grows or evolves on two fronts, on process as well as on the designs. So, that a band 2 FBAR 3 years ago doesnt look like the band 2 FBAR today. And that band 2 FBAR 3 years from now will be also very different from what it is today and it improves on power, it improves on insertion loss, it improves on performance. And so we continue to invest in that and its part of the reason why we go from 6-inch to 8-inch not only to gain more capacity, but to be able to improve the process we put into it. And yes, BAW technology or even SAW technology temperature compensated continues to try to improve. We are very well aware of the development that continues in some of our competitors. And all I have to say is that we continue to maintain at least maintain if not better our technology lead over those guys.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And I agree on that. But actually looking at 8 inch, as you ramp that, whats your mix, what do you expect your mix of 8 inch FBAR to be exiting lets say calendar 16 and calendar 17? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Calendar 16 is very, very low. As Tom said, we continue to spend money, CapEx. We are barely at the 50% milestone. Our concept at the end of the day is to convert 100% of our 6 inch into 8 inch. That will not happen until 2018. So we are barely 50% and we continue to methodically steadily convert 6 inch to 8 inch, so exiting this fiscal 16, very low, 17 significantly higher, 18 maybe get done.
Vijay Rakesh: Alright. Thanks.
Operator: And our last question comes from Stephen Chin with UBS. Your line is now open.
Stephen Chin: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. Hock if I could, I wanted to get a little more color on some of the demand trends within your switching ASSP business, if I recall correctly, classic Broadcom, the switching demand was roughly one-third driven by cloud data center, enterprise and service providers, I was wondering if you could talk a little more about how enterprise and the service provider verticals are performing in terms of demand in the recent quarter and your visibility into the current quarter?
Hock Tan: First and foremost, while we like to say it split up nicely as you put it to be that way, that tends to be very conceptual and a bit theoretical and at any point in time, sometimes we have a tough time knowing where the particular chip we ship ends up in. I mean we ship a lot to OEMs. And as you know many of the OEMs would ship to service providers or enterprise or even to the cloud guys. And thats a part of it where we are not 100% sure. But to try to answer your question in substance, we think a lot of strength, a lot of demand driven from service providers today as well as from the cloud guys. Enterprise tends to be more stable as opposed to strongly trending now.
Stephen Chin: Okay. I appreciate the color. And as my follow-up, just within enterprise storage, I appreciate that in the current quarter you guys are seeing some good seasonality there, but I was wondering from a technology upgrade or roadmap perspective, can you talk about any other upcoming technologies that can continue to drive growth in the enterprise storage in terms of the server storage products?
Hock Tan: Server storage connectivity products, yes there is, I know some of the trends are very interesting, but I can tell you all of this, but enterprise storage is slow to change, for good reason. People are very, very conservative, very careful in that area. And one of the biggest  I mean there is a cadence they go by and the cadence go by in the CPU cadence. We are now shipping [indiscernible] as you know and next year, we will start shipping against [indiscernible] some of the interconnects expanding capacity though is for enterprise a lot of it is SaaS. And slowly, very slowly perhaps considering a move into PCI Express or NVMe potentially as Flash arrays start coming into the picture, but to answer your question directly, it moves very slowly. Most enterprise today are still driven on SaaS.
Stephen Chin: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Hock Tan: Sure.
Operator: That concludes Broadcoms conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-06-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashish Saran - Director, IR Hock Tan - President and CEO Tom Krause - CFO
Analysts: John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Blayne Curtis - Barclays Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Vivek Arya - Bank of America Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Romit Shah - Nomura Amit Daryanani - RBC
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom Limited Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ashish Saran, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ashish Saran: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO, and Tom Krause, acting Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom Limited. After the market closed today, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the second quarter of fiscal year 2016. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's website at www.broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tom will be providing details of our second quarter fiscal year 2016 results, background to our third quarter fiscal year 2016 outlook and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ashish. Good afternoon everyone. Well, we delivered strong results for second fiscal quarter of 2016, the first quarter of operations as a combined company. Revenue $3.56 billion came in just a shade above the midpoint of our guidance while earnings per share were significantly higher than guidance. As you all are well aware, demand for hard disk drives and premium smartphones was weak this quarter Q2, however we experience strong product cycles from switching and broadband in a wide segment enabling Company revenue to come in line with expectation. Our large scale and greater diversity enabled consolidated results to be resilient, mitigating fluctuations in our individual end markets. Earnings came in significantly above expectations enabled by delivering gross margin at a high end of guidance and driving faster than expected ongoing realization of acquisition related cost synergy. Let me now turn to a discussion of our second quarter segment results. Let's start with wired, in addition to classic Avago's custom networking ASIC and fiber optic products, the combination of classic Broadcom has added Ethernet switching and routing and routing ASSPs, physical layer, copper and optical products and in addition in this segment it also includes now classic Broadcom's broadband communication solutions for set-top box, cable modem and carrier access. In the second quarter, wired revenue came in at $2.06 billion and this represents a 58% of our total revenue. This is now obviously our largest segment and it performed better than we had expected in the second quarter. We saw strength across various product lines. We experienced robust demand in switching and routing, standard products including very strong traction for our new Tomahawk switching and Jericho routing platform especially from the cloud and service provider customers. In fact as some of you may know, key customer today announced a new lead - universal lead switch and routing platform for next generation data centers which is based on the Jericho product platform. We also saw strong demand for broadband products from set-top box refreshes driven by the start-up adoption of 4K Video. Service providers continue to invest in broadband access infrastructure including ongoing fiber-to-the-home build-out in China, as well as DSL and cable modem build-out in Europe. As we look into the third quarter for our wired segment, we expect the strong demand to sustain from the prior quarter and project wired segment revenues to be up in the low single digits sequentially. We're also working on resolving a few potential supply constraints in this particular segment. Moving onto wireless segment. In addition to Avago's FBAR filters and power amplifiers, our wireless segment now also includes classic Broadcom's wireless connectivity and custom analog handset solution. In this second quarter, wireless revenue came in at $792 million and the wireless segment represented 22% of our total revenue. As expected we did see a decline in demand from our large North American smartphone customers including the anticipated impact of just seasonal product lifecycle related reduction in shipment. This was partially offset by an increasing shipment to a large Asian handset OEM. As we have said before, this second quarter was the trough for this segment for the rest of this fiscal year.  Moving onto third quarter, were expecting a very different picture for our wireless segment and expect strong sequential revenue growth in the mid-20% range. The expected growth is driven by the start of a ramp from a large North American smartphone customer as they transition to their next generation platform enhanced by a substantial increase in Classic Avago's RF content in this new handset. Classic Broadcom's wireless connectivity content will also increase in this new handset. We anticipate our wireless connectivity business to continue to drive significant innovation for mobile Wi-Fi and Bluetooth applications and expect this product line to be a very key long-term contributor to our wireless segment. Let me now turn to enterprise storage. In the second quarter, enterprise storage revenue came in at $525 million down 23% sequentially, enterprise storage represented 15% of total revenue, this segment experienced a sequential decline in revenue driven by large drop in hard disk drive, unit TAM and seasonal weakness in the enterprise server storage connectivity market. Looking to the third quarter lastly due to further hard disk drive unit TAM declines, we expect enterprise storage revenue to decline in the low single digits sequentially. We currently project the third quarter to be the trough for enterprise storage revenue this fiscal year. Regardless of fluctuations in unit TAM, we also expect to continue to gain share in our hard disk drive business. And let me now move to the last segment industrial. As I mentioned previously, this segment does include our IP licensing business but in the second quarter industrial segment revenue came in at $182 million up 30% sequentially and represented 5% of our total revenue. Industrial resales grew sequentially mid-single digit and our revenue here increased as well by the same level as we replenish channel inventory to keep up with the seasonal increase. Looking at the third quarter, we expect the trend to sustain from the prior quarter and expect mid single digit venture growth industrial product revenue driven by continuing high retail projection. However in IP sales after strong and lumpy second quarter, we expect revenue to drop in the third quarter and as a result we expect revenue in industrial segment to decline mid-single digit sequentially after a 30% increase in 2Q. In summary therefore, what we expect for the third quarter is sustained performance from networking and broadband, a trough in enterprise storage but a strong seasonal ramp in wireless, driving sequential growth in consolidated revenue of over 5%. We expect earnings to grow even faster, and we are projecting earnings per share to grow sequentially and almost double the rate of revenue growth driven by lower operating and interest expense as a percentage of net revenue. This in a nutshell is the leverage and power of our business model. With that, let me now turn the call over to Tom for more detail review of our second quarter financials. Tom?
Tom Krause: Thank you Hock and good afternoon everyone. Before I start with my comments today, will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results and continuing operations unless otherwise specifically noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP and our non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release issued today, and is also available on our website at broadcom.com. First before I get into the second quarter results, I would like to take a few minutes to review progress we're making towards our long term financial model as we work through completing the integration of classic Broadcom. Fundamentally just to review the financial model with the output of the business model that Hock is driving, the most important element of our model is sustainability of the franchise as we invest in over the long term. When we set out to acquire Broadcom, we recognized our collection of well established businesses with leadership position. [Indiscernible] on the back of proprietary and highly defensible technologies we believe that these franchises were critical to enabling rapidly evolving wireline and wireless ecosystems. While we only have one quarter under our belt, we think that this piece is very much intact. Another key element is discipline. We are actively managing the portfolio to stay focused on investing in the core franchises while monetizing businesses to do not have clear long term sustainability. This is an ongoing process to continue to allow us to maximize returns on our R&D investment. Finally we keep things simple and focus on critical business processes given our now larger economies of scale, we can be even more efficient across our global supply chain and sales platforms, as well as our general administrative function. This takes us to the three key elements in our financial model starting with revenue. But we don't expect the broader semiconductor industry to grow much over the long term, we do believe that our franchisees will benefit from some very positive trends including what seems to be an ever increasing demand for mobility bandwidth and storage. We believe that we have the right set of technologies for these needs which gives us confidence in our long term annual revenue growth rate target of approximately 5%. On the gross margin front given the market needs for our technology and the leadership positions we have, coupled with ongoing cost reductions in our supply chain, we see potential opportunities overtime to push gross margins beyond 60% we've already delivered this quarter. Turning to operating expense. We believe the completion of integration activities and our focus on return on investment will allow us to drive R&D expenses to 16% of net revenue within the next few quarters. Looking at the target portfolio in the set of core projects, we want to report  we feel 16% is currently the appropriate long term target for R&D expenses. And finally on SG&A, we clearly see potential opportunities to drive these expenses below 4% of net revenue. In summary, as we look at the second half of fiscal 2016, we expect to see solid revenue growth from the second quarter which we believe will help drive operating margins to 40% as we exit the year. As we work toward completing integration and the full achievement of cost synergies in fiscal '17, we think we can drive operating margins north of 40% and sustain those margins longer term. Let me turn to our capital allocation strategy moving forward. As many of you know over the last several years were focused on M&A and the returns have allowed us to drive significant value for shareholders. Going forward we believe acquisition opportunities will continue present themselves that under our business model will drive return that far outlay, the alternative use for our capital. As a result, we currently intend to limit the paid down of outstanding term loan into our gross debt is approximately two times EBITDA at which time we intend to start pulling excess cash with the purpose of M&A, as well as review our capital structure generally including our long term debt alternative. As part of our capital allocation strategy, we plan to remain committed to our dividend program and are currently targeting approximate 10% per year increase. However as a reminder our board reviews and determines our dividend policy on a quarterly basis, based on our financial performance and conditions and contractual provisions relating to outstanding indebtedness and other factors being relevant by our board. Now let me turn to a quick review of our results for the second quarter. Revenue for the second quarter came in at $3.56 billion which we believe will be the trough for the rest of this fiscal year. Foxconn was greater than 10% direct customer in the second fiscal quarter. Our second quarter gross margin from continuing operations was 60% which is at the upper end of our guidance range primarily due to better revenue mix with the stronger than expected wired segment and higher fab utilization as we pre-build filters to supports the expected second half ramp in wireless revenues. Turning to operating expenses, R&D expenses were $663 million and SG&A expenses were $146 million. This resulted in total operating expenses for the second quarter of $809 million, $23 million below guidance. This was largely due to faster than expected realization of acquisition related to cost synergies. On a percentage basis for the second quarter total operating expenses were 23% of revenue, as a percentage of sales R&D was 19% and SG&A was 4% of net revenue. Operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $1.3 billion and represented 37% of net revenue.  Taxes came in at $53 million slightly above our guidance. This is primarily due to higher than expected net income. Second quarter net income was $1.1 billion and earnings per diluted share were $2.53. Second quarter interest expense was $150 million and other expense net was $6 million. Our share based compensation expense in the second quarter was $186 million which included the impact from new grants issued to classic Broadcom employees approximately half a way through the quarter. In the third quarter of fiscal 2016, we anticipate share based compensation expense will be approximately $221 million and this anticipates the full impact of the new grants for the quarter. This is a reminder our definition of non-GAAP net income excludes share based compensation expense. Moving on to the balance sheet, our day sales expanding were 47 days reflecting the combined company. Our inventory ended at $1.47 billion and days on hand were 72 days which includes the impact of an inventory built supporting the strong growth expected in our wireless business. We generated $622 million in operational cash flow which reflected the impact of approximately $300 million of cash expanded on restructuring activities. We ended the quarter with the cash balance of $2 billion. We believe that we currently need approximately $1.5 billion to operate the business. During the second quarter we were paid approximately $565 million of outstanding term loans. We currently intend to repay approximately $1 billion in the third quarter part of which we expect to fund using proceeds from the two previously announced divestures which are expected to close in the third quarter. In the second quarter we spent $158 million on capital expenditures. For the third quarter we expect CapEx to be approximately $230 million which includes approximately $75 million for ongoing capacity expansion for our manufacturing RF filters and $45 million for campus construction activity. We expect CapEx to run at in elevated level over the next several quarters driven by campus construction our Irvine, San Jose locations ongoing RF filter capacity expansion and integration related operations in IT investments. A total of $204 million of cash has spent on company's dividends and partnership distribution payments in the second quarter. As you've seen our board has declared a dividend of $0.50 per share to be paid later in this third fiscal quarter. Finally, let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business condition and we do not intend to update this guidance. This is guidance result from continuing operations only. Net revenue is expected to be $10.75 billion plus or minus $75 million. Gross margin is expected to be 60% plus or minus one percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $809 million. Taxes are forecasted to be approximately $59 million. Net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $141 million. The diluted share account forecast is for 449 million shares. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Good afternoon, guys. Hock, Tom, congratulations on the strong results and thank for letting me ask a question. Hock, I guess my first question pertains to the wireless guidance for the July quarter. I'm kind of curious about a couple of things. Do both the North American and the Korean customer grow sequentially in July or is it just mainly the North American customer. And when you look at that North American customer, does the July guidance reflect a four quarters worth of build benefit of their new high-end phone? Or is it only a partial benefit in the July quarter with really a full benefit coming in the next quarter?
Hock Tan: All right. Are you getting very sticky and picky, all right, but to answer your question, it's largely from the certain North American customer that's driving the bulk of the growth. Having said that, the Korean customers does show growth as well on its own, but obviously not to the extent the North American customer is doing because its a ramp. Its the beginning, I could use the word, beginning of the ramp, for their next generation phone and tied to that is this July quarters, our two current quarter Q3, will not show them the full impact of an entire quarter of revenue ramp. It's just the beginning and very back loaded.
John Pitzer: That's very helpful. Thanks Hock. And then Tom as my follow-up I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about the OpEx guidance for the fiscal third quarter. You are showing sequential revenue growth in the fiscal third quarter. Your guiding OpEx effectively flat on a dollar basis. I'm just kind of curious just given more of the opportunities you have to realize M&A synergies why only flat and not better than that. What are the offsets?
Tom Krause: Yes. Good question John. Its really the timing of the realization of synergies, obviously we did better than we thought we'll do out of the gate first quarter and you saw that in the results. A lot of [indiscernible] to a certain extent is tied to system integration and lot of the back office activities that's very much on target to be completed early in the first quarter of next year. And so, I suggest we will see a bit of a pause here this quarter and perhaps a bit in the next, but as looking at the first half of next year you'll see the full realization.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thanks guys. Congratulations again.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Hi guys, I will add my congrats as well, just in wireless can you talk about connectivity business. There was some concern of share loss. You talked about content potentially going up. Can you just walk through where you see opportunities for content to go up and just the barriers around your mobile connectivity business?
Tom Krause: Okay. You broke up every few seconds, but if I get it right you're basically asking are we seeing content increase in our wireless revenue in terms of participation in all those premium handset. And as I've always said, year-to-year generation, obviously there are fluctuations in the level of content increase, but over a period of time we have experienced, we have seen and we'll continue to see a steady increase in content. And this is not just about FBAR front-end module content as more and more bands and carrier aggregation features comes into high-end phones. Now that we have Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, wireless connectivity, we are seeing the same phenomenon apply, exactly. I mean the parallel between those two product lines is pretty amazing from our perspective, and it is not coincidental. It's part of the reason it attracts us to our acquisition of Boardcom is the fact that wireless - we see wireless connectivity as a very strategic product line in handsets, particularly in high-end handsets, for instance, fully 80% of data [moves] [ph] to Wi-Fi today in most handsets, not LTE but Wi-Fi, and so the importance of improved Wi-Fi connectivity performance, particularly in form of capacity bandwidth becomes more and more demanding. Improvement becomes more and more needed. And as each generation occurs, our belief is that increasing bandwidth capacity, that increase in performance will follow for the same reasons that increase in requirements for FBAR filters show the same kind of improvement. So we expect  I've seen in FBAR filters that over the last few years content has grown by about 20% fairly steadily and I might almost apply the same principles to wireless connectivity for Wi-Fi and Bluetooth.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks for that. And I apologize for the connection, Im in Taiwan, but could you also talk about the strength you're seeing in switching and where are you in the ramp of Tomahawk and do you expect to see growth in the switching segment as a whole?
Hock Tan: All right. Well, we are seeing very strong booking, very strong demand for our switching and routing product line and along with that we carry related product, related products like you know, PHY, Retimer, all the stuff that are needed to connect various parts, elements of a data centre. So its a one big set of content, one might say that, and particularly obviously the switching and routing. Tomahawk as you know launched much earlier than the new Jericho. So Tomahawk is still on a ramp, its still on a pretty decent ramp I should say. And we are seeing very strong demand for it this quarter particularly on application, obviously it is used for top of the rack switching for data centers among the cloud and service provider guys. While we're also seeing very interestingly enough that was recently launched by some of our OEM customers, some more advanced OEM customers, is the use of our Jericho product line, [indiscernible] routers, or other way to describe it is a deeply buffered switch and that is increasingly been launched to use as the [spine] [ph] of the data center architecture. And why I put emphasize to the [spine] [ph] is today we just start to see the launch of their same product line deeply buffered on the leaf of that same data centre. So, and that's on an -- both on an accelerated revenue ramp as we're experiencing today. So, big part of this could be a product upgrade cycle we think -- we also believe, there's also very strong underlying build up demand in cloud computing data centers, be they in North America or among the hyper data centre guys or in China.
Blayne Curtis: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thank you. Just following up on wired and the comments of resolving some supply constraints, does that implication as you go out into kind of Q4 in terms of the ability to work through those and what type of visibility do you have there?
Hock Tan: Yes. Visibility is increasing by leaps and bounds everyday actually. Yes. There is supply constraint in certain areas and that does extend our lease time somewhat which we are working very hard to improve simply because we believe the demand is real out there. And yes, it does extend to Q4 and we are starting to have visibility on bookings and backlogs in Q4 as we sit here right now.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And then just as a follow-up in wireless, can you provide any update on the transition from 6 inch to 8 inch in FBAR in terms of how that's going? And then as part of that as you guys have been PHY constraint, there is the wild card kind of China in terms of you get enough supply coming online, the ability to service those customers. Now how does that outlook looks like into fiscal 2017?
Hock Tan: I'll move from 6 inch to 8 inch in wafer fab for FBAR in Fort Collins is progressing very much on schedule. Our capacity having very much on track to what we've indicated to you guys right now. And we believe we have build constraint in been able to supply all our customers as we approach the seasonal peak this second half of this year.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Hock on wireless, you mentioned content growth have been around 20% or so a year for the last few years on your FBAR RF filters. As you look out the next few years what kind content growth opportunity do you see for the combined FBAR and connectivity portfolio that you have now?
Hock Tan: Very good question and looking at what is always a very scary proposition obviously, because I'm guessing and technology changes. I don't call disruption, I call evolutionary even if very evolutionary DCs and we have a very clear roadmap all three years. And I won't even say we'll go beyond three years. It's still hard to predict, but my estimate and guess will be, we will continue to keep doing the same level on a combined basis for the next two three years.
Vivek Arya: And as the follow-up Hock, as the biggest setback and I think about where you guys are in when I look at other larger cap semiconductor companies most of your larger cap peers are dedicating 100% of the free cash flow to dividends and buybacks, and your preference has been to conduct -- to prefer more M&A so far. So again as you look out the next two three years do you see Broadcom continuing to prefer M&A versus dividends and buyback or do you think there will be a mix between the two as you have said?
Hock Tan: Well, its a very good question and as Tom articulated I think very, very anecdotally at the beginning of his remark. We've given it  we have been very thoughtful about this basic issue, I call in an issue, its in a way its bit of a high class problem because we thing they are still opportunities, significant opportunities out there for us in Broadcom limited to continue to pursue a strategy we've adopted over the last several years of creating shareholder value by acquisition in this space. And we believe that. Hence as Tom articulated we are positioning ourselves. We are creating a capital allocations strategy that will enable  they'll position us very well to do that. But to answer your question in one, yes, we think the opportunities out there. They are very interesting and opportunistically and care properly, carefully we will keep pursuing that strategy.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hock, I had one for you on the wired business that you mentioned what was going on in couple of the different areas, but you never mentioned what was happening on the traditional Avago ASIC business. So, I guess the first part of it in wire, what was going on in that and how do you see that going forward? And then as we look into the July quarter, the Broadband segment can you talk about the puts and takes within that sub component of your wired business as well?
Hock Tan: Sure. Thanks. Oh, no, on those traditional, you call it traditional, I call it a classic Broadcom as networking ASIC and fiber optics business, is still charging along very nicely. And we're still seeing growth both on fiber optics as well as on traditional ASIC. The reason we don't say it's much about it is because what we are seeing in comparison to the standard switching product portfolio that we're seeing out of classic Broadcom is very strong by comparison in this area of standard switching and routing is extremely strong and probably as I indicated driven by data centers in the cloud guide who are speaking standard solutions versus the enterprise side which is more driven driving towards using ASIC based solutions by the OEM.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thanks. And I guess this is my follow-up switching back over to the wireless side momentarily. The pace of the ramp you said is very solid in the July quarter and sounds like it will continue in October. Is there a timing difference in the start of that ramp between the classic Avago and classic Broadcom side?
Hock Tan: No, really isn't. There isn't. You know like moving from one to the other, no, I don't think so. We have not finished. I think it's still -- they are firm factors that are strong now. I know you mentioned your asset question earlier about both the Broadband, set-top boxes example of Carrier Access and the areas we are seeing lot of strength, one I mentioned is standard switching and routing. The other area we're seeing a lot of strength is Broadband Carrier Access which is PON and DSL and associated with it enterprise, wireless access point, all those connected together in basically pushing into infrastructure to some extend as well as campus environment and we think its streams through in that area. Similar to what we're seeing the level of strength in standard switching and routing. So, I see more specific areas, specific segments or niches in the overall wide market, not all are growing at a same rate. Some are going to less as I indicated and in netbooking ASIC, or fiber optics interconnect, but in carrier access and standard switching and routing we think very strong demand.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Hi. Good afternoon and great job on the quarterly execution, we also heard demand is pretty high but Tomahawk and Jericho and then other product called Kumron. You talk about the supply constraint, I just wanted to confirm, are the supply constraints associated with Tomahawk and Jericho and Kumron are these little bottlenecks and when do you anticipate this situation to get better?
Hock Tan: Yes. Well, we are working through it and big part of it is lead time from the wafer fab have extended somewhat. And these products also take a more like standard period of time to go through the manufacturing process front end and back end. And with working to obviously accelerated, compress this cycle time and we believe we should be able to get there within a matter of couple of months, maybe no more than three months, but again it is a process. And a big part of it is demand that came within the lead shorter than the lead times necessary to produce those products.
Harlan Sur: Great, thanks for the insights there. And then this is just a follow-up from last Ross's question. So the broadband products are obviously a good part of the mix in wire both the tops and access, looks like you had seasonal growth and some product cycles you mentioned prior earnings Q2, so within the growth outlook for wired in Q3, is the broadband business contributing to this growth as well in fiscal Q3?
HockTan: Well we'll like to put it this way. If you saw the forecast I have provided, the way we are putting our forecast together, we see very it's strong even in Q2, we saw that in terms of revenue the numbers been very strong. We're not saying that Q3 will continue on the same trajectory, we just saying that Q3 will sustain at a high level that we achieved in Q2 for both broadband and wireless. We're not saying will continue on that trajectory of growth that we saw in Q2. One other way we're saying in Q3 broadband wired is not growing much, but sustained at a high level we saw in Q2.
Harlan Sur: Got it, okay. Thanks for that Hock.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi thanks for taking my question and congrats on a strong quarter. My first question is on cost synergies. Could you maybe quantify what you realized in Q2 for us and what the outlook is for Q3, and related to that have you buy any chance discovered any incremental opportunities to cut costs beyond your initial target of $750 million?
Tom Krause: So let me take that, I think when we talked about the deal announced that in my comments since we closed our target has been $750 million of line of sight synergies, so its a gross margin line relative to operating margin line. I think by enlarge we're still committed to that target. When you think about quarter-to-quarter sometimes all that difficult to articulate, but let me put it this way, I think by the time we finish the year exit this year will be roughly halfway through our target, which is a bit of ahead of plan, and then we'll realize the rest in the first half of fiscal year. I hope that gives you a little bit of support. 
Toshiya Hari: Okay, that's helpful, thank you. Then my follow-up, I think over the past couple of quarters you've talked about potential opportunities to raise pricing in the classic Broadcom business. Have you already taken action in some areas and if not when should we expect you to do so, and what's kind of the likely impact of gross margins as you kind of take those actions over the next couple of quarters or year two? Thank you.
Hock Tan: To correct you, we dont take any rates. I don't think we ever mentioned about raising prices in classic Broadcom AVGO for that matter, we never did that. What we made mistake is that when we sell to the same customer multiple product lines and because of the - I guess the thing under benefit have been able to supply multiple products to the same customer at a same time fall platform sale, we're able to increase revenue known as pre-pricing top of that and so weve done and nothing of that.
Toshiya Hari: Okay, I appreciate that, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Romit Shah from Nomura.
Romit Shah: Yes, thanks. I'm just trying to better understand how to think about wireless for the second half of the fiscal year and I believe it's unusual that the July period as it is this year is the big quarter for wireless even in fiscal 2014 where you had big content gains it was October where you saw, that was really the quarter we saw the big sequential growth, and I'm just - first question is Im just Im curious why seasonality in wireless appears to be different this year? Why is July the big quarter instead of what's normally been October?
Hock Tan: Okay. Romit, July has never been the big quarter, July in Q3 has never been the big quarter for us if you look back multiple years. Never has been. The big quarter has always been the October quarter, Q4, and never been July, simply because July is the initial ramp up. Okay, and in the back half of the July quarter precisely in the month of partially July, that we start to see shipment because of lead time taken to manufacturing  manufacturing we shift to the old to the contract manufacturers, all our OEM at that time and so you see a small part of it in the July quarter you see a full quarter of impact virtually in the October quarter and potentially if you look back two years ago you will continue to see in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 that end January 2017 before it rolls over the typical seasonality rollover  rollover where the trough will be the second fiscal quarter that we just finished.  So no different we are seeing there now, one May household you perhaps when you say wireless revenue ramping twenty odd percent in Q3 this year perhaps might be the best way to describe is for the various reasons I mention and you guys are very well aware of, Q2 this year for that particular generation of phone with something referring to has seen particular weakness known to everyone, and so you're stopping off from a bottom that cheaper than Q2 last year or the  audited for that method. So when you come up for such a bottom to a new generation of phone, which is still have the ramp up in the same fashion with the same kind of profile to reach a certain level of the possibility of supply.  So we suddenly see this big mid-20s ramp up. You're right, prior years Q2 to Q3 may not be that twenty odd percent. You'll take Q3 to Q4 to get that but this year is really not Q3 that different perhaps Q2. 
Romit Shah: So should we take your comments to mean that October for wireless would accelerate quarter-over-quarter versus July?
Hock Tan: Yes, that would be the normal condition, yes.
Romit Shah: Okay. All right. Thats helpful.
Hock Tan: Not the main focus, if I think that in, but if I say by the person or by which the four components are consumed and phones are produced and then shipped, sure Q4 is usually the big quarter of the any year rather than Q3. 
Romit Shah: Yes, when you mean peak you're talking quarter-over-quarter change instead of absolute dollars?
Hock Tan: Right. Absolute dollars obviously depends on how many phones of that particular generation what their goal.
Q  Romit Shah: Okay. And then just one other question. I think I have a sense of what the answer is, but I just wanted to hear your rationale for selling the wireless IoT business, it's an opportunity we hear thats measured in tens of billions of units and I think some of your competitors have highlighted IoT as being one of the more significant growth drivers over the next few years? 
Hock Tan: Okay, well. Remember some of the criteria for one term fall its a franchise product, we only have products that we consider meets within very discipline and very tight criteria of franchise. The most important is sustainability. Were building a business for ten years, were not building a business for as well for 24 months, and Id be direct most of the IoT products out there early  initially on in the cycle obviously are very much consumer driven, and we obviously saw things very hard and are very discipline or make thing sure, we preserve, we invest in product lines, we invest and we invest a lot in product line that are very sustainable for many, many years rather than product lines where we have to keep investing as the product line changes every year, every other year. And from our viewpoint because of that and because of the tight discipline we put ourselves under, we believe that this is a product line we prefer to have someone else. We have a different set of perspective investing and nurture then for us to deal with. Doesn't mean that they are wrong, we are right, or we are wrong, they are right, all it is beauty lines in the eyes of the beholder. 
Romit Shah: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we have time for one more question. Our final question for today comes from the line of Amit Daryanani from RBC.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks for squeezing me in guys. I guess two questions for me as well. On the wired segment, could talk about how much incremental backlog of the building or how much revenue did you leave on the table because of the supply constraints that you have in the segment, certainly get a sense of is there a potential to pick this back up in October quarter when things normalize?
Hock Tan: This is a very hard question to answer. And the fact that matter is, no we dont know how to answer that question, I would be honest, because if you rather speculate and many of the designs are very full source design for particular OEM, so obviously there is no switch around. Having said from the bigger microscopic system, doesn't mean that design  that opportunity doesn't disappear to somebody else who are able to find a different set of boxes as opposed to component. So if something we're not able to predict for them at the estimate. 
Amit Daryanani: Got it. I guess just a follow-up. In your 10-K, you guys disclose you have signed a multi-year agreement with your largest customer. Can you just talk about what let to that development and what sort of parameters are there that give you comfort around maybe the content numbers or your allocation over the next several years along with pricing?
Hock Tan: No it's a combination of several factors. One is our overall business model in this company and it applies across the multiple product lines we sell franchises like call it  we compete basically on technology. We have technology. I mean we're walking example of lots and lots of technology in various areas on all areas but in various areas that we feel we are very strong in. Technology includes engineers and IP. And we pride ourselves in therefore using that technology to create develop product which are very differentiated for leading customers in the market we participate. We really do and those customers we take very seriously. We are very loyal. We go 100% in for the customer, and we invest to develop those products. In return we ask for certainty, we ask for partners and we tend to like to enter into long term strategic partnership with a customer where they will continue to use us for future generations of products which enables us to continue to invest into developing technology and products, which enable them to be successful and that investment is not just technology in the case of the 8-K filing, the 10-K filing sorry, that we talked about, it was also capacity, unique capacity in as far.  So it's fit very, very nicely, but this is not an unusual kind of transaction. We do that with many of our major strategic customers, who we like to call partners but they'll more rather presumptuous because they are customer and we are the supplier. But we give them technology, we give them balance and we hope we do enough of that that they will sign up for long term partnership with us, which enable us to continue to invest and sustain that franchise and technology and thats just a many frustration of one of many customers.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. Thank you, and congrats on the quarter guys.
Ashish Saran: Thank you for participating in today's earnings call. We look forward to talking with you again when we report our third quarter fiscal year 2016 financial results. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes Broadcom's conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-03-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashish Saran - Head-Investor Relations Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Anthony E. Maslowski - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Vinayak Rao - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Srinivas Reddy Pajjuri - CLSA Americas LLC
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Broadcom Limited's first quarter fiscal year 2016 financial results conference call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ashish Saran, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ashish Saran - Head-Investor Relations: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me are Hock Tan, President and CEO, and Tony Maslowski, Chief Financial Officer of Broadcom Limited. After the market closed today, Broadcom distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Broadcom's website at www.broadcom.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com. As you are all aware, Broadcom Limited is the successor to Avago Technologies Limited. Following Avago's acquisition of Broadcom Corporation on February 1, 2016, the first day in our second fiscal quarter, Broadcom Limited became the ultimate parent company of Avago Technologies and Broadcom Corporation. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tony will be providing details of our first quarter fiscal year 2016 results, which relate to our predecessor, Avago, only. They will then move on to providing background to our second quarter fiscal year 2016 outlook, which will relate to the combined company. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Broadcom reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Ashish. Good afternoon, everyone. As Ashish mentioned, my comments on first quarter results relate only to classic Avago, while comments for the second fiscal quarter relate to the combined company, Broadcom Limited. Now the combination of classic Avago and classic Broadcom has produced a new, larger, and more diversified company. I'm very pleased to welcome classic Broadcom employees to the new company. They are truly a very talented group of people who bring a great deal of unique engineering expertise. Talking of which, we are making very good progress on the integration front, have started to realize acquisition-related cost synergies, although we are only at the beginning of this exercise. We have also just started the process of pruning some non-core classic Broadcom product lines. Accordingly, my comments for the second quarter focus only on continuing operations, which do not include these non-core product lines, classified as discontinued operations. From a segment point of view, we will continue to report results broken out by our four end markets, namely: wired, wireless, enterprise storage, and industrial. However, starting with our second fiscal quarter, the components of revenue will increase significantly for our wired and wireless segments as a result of the Broadcom acquisition. And I will provide additional color on these changes in my end market discussion. Our enterprise storage and industrial segments will remain unchanged from classic Avago. Let me start with a short summary of first quarter fiscal 2016 results, which only refer to classic Avago. Revenue for our first quarter came in at $1.78 billion, a 4% sequential decline and in line with our guidance. Our tight control over operating expenses during the quarter helped keep Q1 operating margins flat sequentially at a robust 44% of revenue, despite the sequential decline in revenue. Earnings per share came in at $2.41, better than the midpoint of guidance. Moving on to our expectations for the second quarter, which now include revenue contributions from classic Broadcom, we expect consolidated revenues to approximately double to $3.55 billion. We currently anticipate this quarter's revenue level to be the trough for the rest of the fiscal year. So with this, let me now turn to a discussion by segment of our Q1 results as well as our outlook in Q2. Starting with wired, in the first quarter wired revenue grew by 2% sequentially, and the wired segment represented 22% of our total revenue. Growth in the quarter was driven by broad strength in our fiber-optic business, largely offset by a decline in our ASIC products, reflecting weakness in data center switching. However, starting with second fiscal quarter, in addition to classic Avago's custom networking, ASICs, and fiber-optic products, the consolidation of classic Broadcom will add Ethernet switching and routing, standard products, physical layer [PHY] copper, and optical standard products to this segment. In addition, it will also include classic Broadcom's broadband communication solutions for set-top box, cable modem, and carrier access. In this second quarter, we are expecting strength, good strength on multiple fronts in the wired segment. We're expecting growth to resume in our custom ASIC business, driven by increasing shipments to wireless base stations and the start of a product ramp into the new data center switches. Our standard ASSP [Application-Specific Standard Parts] switching, routing, and physical layer products are seeing an increase from enterprise demand. Broadband carrier access is experiencing strong activity, driven by fiber-to-the-home and DSL deployments in multiple regions, including China. And finally, we expect our set-top box business to also benefit from some seasonal refresh cycles at key customers. In aggregate, we expect second quarter revenues from wired segment to be approximately 55% of our total revenue from continuing operations. Moving on to wireless, in the first quarter revenue from the wireless segment declined by 15% percent sequentially and represented 32% of our total revenues. And just to remind you, that's just Avago classic. Last year, unusually high demand in first quarter from our North American customers offset the normal seasonality. This year, however, as we all well know, seasonality returned, and there was a product lifecycle related decline in demand from that key customer. We did see a small positive offset from an increase in shipments to our large Korean customer, driven by the launch of their new flagship smartphones, where we also increased our RF content. Turning to the second fiscal quarter, in addition to Avago classic RF FBAR [Film Bulk Acoustic Resonator] filters and power amplifiers, our wireless segment will now include classic Broadcom's wireless connectivity and custom analog handset solution. And in this second quarter of 2016 that we're in, we expect the product lifecycle related decline in demand from our North American customers to continue to impact our combined wireless revenue. And in aggregate, we expect second quarter revenue from our wireless segment to be approximately 23% of our total revenue from continuing operations. We expect the second quarter, though, to be the trough for our wireless businesses for the rest of the fiscal year, and we expect to start ramping up shipments late in our third quarter to support the increase in demand driven by the typical product cycle ramp at our North American customers. In fact, we have already started pre-building in significant quantities our RF FBAR filters to support this expected ramp. We expect the demand increase from this product ramp to be further enhanced by a substantial increase in our content in this new next-generation phone. Classic Broadcom's combo Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, and custom analog solutions will further add significantly to our content in these Tier 1 OEM-leading smartphones. By the same token, of course, we expect the classic Broadcom wireless products to also benefit from the launch of new generation of phones later this year. Let me now turn to enterprise storage. In the first quarter, this segment's revenue grew by 6% sequentially, better than expectations. And enterprise storage represented 38% of our total revenue, that's revenue of Avago classic in Q1. This was our largest segment in the first quarter. During the quarter we saw strong demand from enterprise and nearline hard disk drives. Our server and storage connectivity businesses also had a good quarter, led by seasonal growth from fiber channel shipments, while our RAID and SAS businesses largely sustained. Going forward, the composition of this segment will remain largely unchanged. However, we expect a somewhat different picture in the second quarter, with seasonal declines impacting both our hard disk drive business and server storage. We expect second quarter revenues from this segment to be approximately 17% of our total revenue from continuing operations. Finally, to the last segment, industrial, first quarter 2016 industrial segment represented 8% of our total revenue, as we had planned. In the face of lingering uncertainty in industrial end markets, we decreased shipments into distribution, and during the quarter our industrial segment revenue declined by 10% sequentially in the first quarter. Keep in mind we recognize revenue on shipment basis. So industrial resales, on the other hand, decreased only moderately, in the mid-single digits, on a sequential basis. By region, resales in Asia-Pacific were slightly up, Japan flat, Americas down moderately, while Europe declined in the low teens sequentially last quarter. Our prudent approach to distribute those shipments, which lagged resales, resulted in a reduction in channel inventory. Please keep in mind, as I said again, we recognize revenue only on a sell-in basis. And as we look at the second quarter, the composition of this segment will also remain unchanged, Avago classic. But anticipating favorable seasonality to the start of the year, we expect a high single-digit sequential increase in industrial resales. However, we will continue to manage channel inventory and expect a more moderate increase in shipments into the channel, and by that, revenue. We are also expecting a substantial increase in our IP licensing revenue due to a few deals we expect to close within the second quarter. And so in aggregate, we expect second quarter revenue from industrial to be approximately 5% of our total revenue from continuing operations of this combined company. With that color, let me summarize for the second quarter. With the addition of classic Broadcom, wired now becomes our broadest and largest segment, and we are expecting a very strong performance from multiple product lines in this segment. Wireless also becomes broader but remains tied to a limited number of large high-end smartphone customers, and we expect this current Q2 quarter to be the seasonal trough for the rest of the year. We also expect a seasonal decline in enterprise storage, but something of a recovery in industrial. We are very excited by the opportunities in front of us as a combined company to continue to drive our financial model on an even larger scale, with broader access to very attractive end markets. We continue to expect we will achieve the $750 million target in annualized cost synergies over the next six fiscal quarters, and we think we might be able to even beat that. We're also working on returning to our long-term financial model of driving operating margins back above 40% as quickly as possible. With that, let me now turn the call over to Tony for a more detailed review of our first quarter financials.
Anthony E. Maslowski - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Hock, and good afternoon, everyone. As a reminder, my comments on our first quarter results relate to our predecessor, Avago, while comments including guidance for the second fiscal quarter relate to the combined company. My comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise specifically noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release issued today, and is also available on our website at www.broadcom.com. Revenue of $1.78 billion in the first quarter represented a decrease of 4% from the prior quarter. Foxconn and Apple were greater than 10% direct customers in the fiscal first quarter. Our first quarter gross margin from continuing operations was 61%, which was at the midpoint of our guidance range. Turning to operating expenses, R&D expenses were $238 million and SG&A expenses were $68 million. This resulted in total operating expenses for the first quarter of $306 million, $8 million below guidance, as we were cautious going into the close of the acquisition. On a percentage basis, total operating expenses were 17% of revenue, a reduction from 18% in the prior quarter. As a percentage of sales, R&D was 13% and SG&A was 4% of net revenue. Operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $783 million and represented 44% of net revenue. Taxes came in at $35 million, which is a 5% rate for the first quarter, a bit lower than our guidance at 5.5%. First quarter net income was $710 million, and earnings per diluted share were $2.41. First quarter interest expense was $41 million, and this does not include the ticking fees we incurred in the quarter related to the debt commitments we secured for the Broadcom acquisition. Other income net was $3 million. Our share-based compensation expense for the first quarter was $57 million. The breakdown for the first quarter includes $6 million in cost of goods sold, $28 million in R&D, and $23 million in SG&A. In the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we anticipate share-based compensation expense will be approximately $195 million. Just as a reminder, the definition of non-GAAP net income excludes share-based compensation expense. Moving on to the balance sheet, our days sales outstanding were 54 days, an increase of four days from the prior quarter, caused by linearity of revenue in the quarter. Our inventory ended at $490 million, a $34 million decrease from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. Days on hand were 64 days, a reduction of four days from the prior quarter, as we sold raw material and work-in-process inventories in conjunction with the sale of certain fiber-optic subsystem manufacturing and related assets to a third party. We generated $474 million in operational cash flow and ended the quarter with a cash balance of $2.2 billion, which increased by approximately $350 million from the prior quarter. During the first quarter, we also received $68 million from the sale of the fiber-optic subsystem assets. In the first quarter, we spent $140 million on capital expenditures. For the second quarter, we expect CapEx to be approximately $210 million, which includes approximately $60 million for campus construction activity, primarily at our Irvine location, $50 million for ongoing capacity expansion for manufacturing RF filters at our Fort Collins fab, and $10 million of IT integration expenses related to the acquisition. On December 30, 2015, we paid a cash dividend of $0.44 per ordinary share, which consumed $122 million of cash. This dividend was raised by $0.02 from the prior quarter. Since the inception of Avago's dividend program, in the second quarter of 2011 to date, our financial performance has allowed us to increase our dividend each quarter. As you have seen, our board has also declared a dividend of $0.49 per share to be paid on March 31 this quarter. As a reminder, our board reviews and determines our dividend policy on a quarterly basis based on our financial performance and condition, the contractual provisions related to outstanding indebtedness, and other factors deemed relevant by our board. Now let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for second quarter of fiscal year 2016, which include projected contributions from the combined Avago and Broadcom Corporation businesses. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions, and we do not intend to update this guidance. This guidance is from continuing operations only. Net revenue is expected to be $3.55 billion plus or minus $75 million. Gross margin is expected to be 59% plus or minus one percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $832 million. Taxes are forecasted to be approximately $50 million. Net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $161 million. The diluted share count forecast is for 443 million shares. And one balance sheet item, the ending cash balance, which is expected to be in the range of $1.7 billion to $2 billion, which includes the expected repayment of $300 million of our outstanding debt in the quarter. As mentioned, this guidance excludes the estimated results of certain recently acquired Broadcom businesses, which have been classified as assets held for sale and will be reported as discontinued operations beginning February 1, 2016. In fiscal 2015, we estimate these businesses generated $295 million in annual revenue and consumed $282 million in annual operating expenses. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question is from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I guess, Hock, the first one is for you. It sounds like the wired side is particularly strong in your April quarter guidance. Can you walk through a little bit of the sub-segments within that that are driving that growth?
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. We've seen pretty broad-based strength both from Avago classic as well as the newer product divisions from Broadcom classic. One clear example is the initial ramp of  you probably heard the announcement on data center switching, where our ASIC business are coming in and starting to see a ramp at certain cloud guys to a fairly large OEM, and this has been successful and things are moving along very nicely. And the funny thing is, while the ASIC ramp is happening, the existing products, which is using standard switch products from Broadcom classic, is also seeing a lot of strength, especially in this case from enterprise. The one thing across the board and carrying along (25:33) that, of course, are physical layer products and Ethernet switching, which all move in the same direction. So that's pretty much  it's enterprise logic, to answer your question. A couple of product ramps, but largely enterprise.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, and I guess as my one follow-up, one for Tony. On the OpEx side, it looks like a lot of cuts have occurred already to get to that $832 million. Can you just update us on the trajectory of that towards that  I believe the $550 million in total savings? On a quarterly basis it looks like you've gotten I think mathematically over 85% of it already in your guide.
Anthony E. Maslowski - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, no, no.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So any color you could give would be helpful.
Anthony E. Maslowski - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, no  so, Ross, the thing you're not putting in there is that we have about an $80 million reduction, if you look at those expense numbers I gave you, for discontinued ops. You have to pull that out because remember, we never counted that in what we thought was the synergies we're going after. The synergies we talked about was pure synergies, and then anything from discontinued ops was going to be added on top of that.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So I guess could you then, taking that out of the equation, can you just talk about the trajectory to your $138 million...
Anthony E. Maslowski - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. The trajectory, like you said, is pretty bowl shaped. So we get some immediate things in Q2 and Q3. We get a little bit of slowdown as we enter into the conversion that we're trying to pull off in Q1  Q2. And then you see the rest of it come through in late Q1  Q2, some in Q3, to equal the 18 months.
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: To be specific also, Ross, if I could expand on what Tony is saying, for the rest of this fiscal year, nine more months to go, we see barely one-third of that $750 million we projected on an end state as synergies to even come in, less than one-third to come in. And in the first quarter, which is this current Q2, it's barely a fraction of that one-third.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's great color, thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question and nice execution. Maybe just looking at the wireless segment, you talked about it bottoming, obviously a well-known customer having the correction. You said it was a substantial increase in content. Last quarter you talked about 20% growth in that business. Obviously, we've seen a correction since that call. Is that still the target for growth for wireless?
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Say that last part? What did you say, what's my target?
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Since your last earnings call, obviously that customer has gotten weaker. You talked about it bottoming. Is 20% the right growth to think about for wireless this year?
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Probably we'll do better than that.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got you, thank you. And then, Tony, just a clarification. The businesses that are held for sale now that you reviewed, is that the extent of the  when you look at assets you may sell, is that the extent of it, or could there be other businesses you may sell as well? And then within that, is there any of the businesses that you may shut down? What's the right timeline in thinking about those assets going away?
Anthony E. Maslowski - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Like I said, this is our initial cut of the businesses as of close. So we're going to go aggressively and try to find buyers. And like I said, we go into our other modes of either harvesting or complete shutdown. It does not preclude us from adding businesses to the list as we go forward. So again, this is just part of the standard operating procedure around here, but this is the day-one list we're chasing.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vinayak Rao - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, this is Vinayak calling in for Craig. My first question is on the Broadcom's multi-frequency business. What actually are you seeing for the 25G Tomahawk product lineup? That transition from 10G to 25G on the hyperscale side was something everybody was looking for.
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, well, there's a lot of traction. The trend is definitely accelerating and in no small degree is pushing what we are seeing here and what I articulated in my remarks, very, very good traction of 25-gig at hyper-data center guys and even some enterprise guys who are building data centers of their own. That's what's driving a lot of strength also in the Broadcom classic business and even the ASIC business of Avago classic. It's 25-gig. And it drives not just only switching, which is what you mentioned here with Tomahawk. It also drives to a large degree the associated product related to Ethernet, though that's still early, but definitely physical layer products, which is a big chunk of Broadcom classic wired segment as well. So all of this is tending to pull it all along connectivity solutions.
Vinayak Rao - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it, that's helpful. And for my follow-up, turning to the broadband business from classic Broadcom, the neutral (31:03) STMicro, they're looking to exit the set-top box business. So what do you think the implications for profitability or share for you guys?
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Nothing, we don't think about those things. We don't dream about those things. We just put our head down and keep grinding away.
Vinayak Rao - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good, that's really helpful.
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.: Hi, good afternoon and thank you for taking my question. The first question is on the RF business. Hock, you talked about content growth at your largest customer potentially being higher than 20%. But how would you size your content opportunity in the smartphone market overall going into the back half of the year and perhaps going into 2017?
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I said that in remarks in previous earnings calls, and so this is a bit of a  this is to reiterate or reaffirm what I said earlier before, which is typically year after year each generation we increase our content in this very high-end smartphone market, in excess of 20% content every year, regardless of unit increases. And we all know the units of phones in this very high-end top of the pyramid smartphones is maybe 20%, maybe 15%  20% of that entire market made by a few key branded manufacturers, and we are very well positioned there. And our growth rate is not about unit growth. It's about content. And if this continues the same trend, if the content keeps growing over 20% a year, this coming generation, and the back half of this fiscal and calendar year remains very much on track to follow that same trend.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.: Okay, very clear. My second question is on M&A. I appreciate you just closed the deal, the Broadcom deal. But can you maybe talk about your appetite for further M&A going forward and how you would balance M&A versus debt repayment or returning cash to shareholders?
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Our first priority, and if Tony doesn't mind me opening my mouth (33:29), otherwise he will chime in and say what are you talking about? The first priority is we pay down debt, absolutely. Second priority is and simultaneous to it is evidenced by increasing our dividends. If we are confident about cash flow generation, which we are, we return excess cash we consider more than what we need to operate this company, even as it scales up, to shareholders, and evidenced by increasing dividends. And right now we're not doing much M&A. it would be furthest from our minds at this point.
Anthony E. Maslowski - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And I agree.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on the consistently strong execution, just one clarification and then the question. On the clarification on the sales guidance for Q2, I'm wondering, Tony. How much is excluded for the recent optics divestiture and then the $300 million that you said might be held as discontinued ops? Because I'm just trying to get apples to apples, of your guidance versus consensus expectations, and I want to make sure that I am excluding some of those things that are in discontinued ops or that you have divested already.
Anthony E. Maslowski - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So it's a two-part question. First off, on the asset sale, part of that was in Q1. So it's a tough compare to say exactly what it is from Q1 to Q2, but it was fairly insignificant, I would just say that, for the overall company. And as I outlined in my final statement was the disc-ops portion of Broadcom assets is sub-$300 million. So you can do the math on that for the full year and you're talking about $80 million-ish, $80 million or less.
Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Got it. And then my larger question, I know, Hock, that you are focused on the current business right now. But one thing we often hear is that companies are trying to essentially balance the amount of exposure they have to the smartphone market. And I understand your FBAR business is doing extremely well. You're seeing the content gains. But when I look at the connectivity business, I don't see the same potential for content gains. So is that a fair assessment? And if it is, then do you think that perhaps there is the potential for divesting the business and perhaps focusing on other areas, whether it's wired or storage or others?
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And by wireless, you mean the wireless connectivity, which is Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, and all the related things inside high-end smartphones?
Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: That's right.
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, we definitely highlight it. It's definitely not in discontinued ops, obviously. And we believe it is a sustainable franchise is how we would classify this business. It is one of our sustainable franchises, as is FBAR. And evolution of the technology of next-generation Wi-Fi in particular keeps coming in, improvement of performance issues of coexistence within Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and now cellular band, it's a major, major issue that Broadcom classic are very good at addressing. And as we especially start going to 5G Wi-Fi next-generation, and that is already starting to happen, and we start seeing those high-end smartphones run multiple channels simultaneously, we start to see that our expertise, our unique technology in FBAR would actually come to bear in even improving Wi-Fi modules that can surpass performance of anything else in the marketplace to date. So that to us is a very, very complementary product line to our cellular FBAR business. So no, it's a sustainable franchise.
Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good afternoon and solid job on the quarterly execution. On the broadband connected home business, this is a business that's often thought of as a relatively slow growth segment. However, cable, they're going through a pretty big major upgrade cycle to DOCSIS 3.1. Hock, as you mentioned, you've got PON in China, which continues to be relatively strong. And then we have the pay TV service provider move to 4K UHD over the next several years. What's your confidence level on the growth prospects in the broadband business this year?
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There are two parts to the broadband business. Good question on your side. One is a large part of it is mainly CPE, relates to set-top box in particular. For us though, there's some over-the-top stuff like Roku, which we participate in too, but truly set-top box is the primary chunk. So there's one chunk of it on our broadband. And the other chunk of it is what I call carrier access, which is really gateways, infrastructure gateways, which are the DSLs and the GPON mostly. And then there's the set-top box. The set-top box business is  my favorite line again, a sustainable franchise. We are very well positioned. We have great technology, tie a lot of it to the fact that we have all the bits and pieces of technology, including DOCSIS 3.1. We're the only guy, the first and only guy certified in it. But we also have all the technology that integrates in one chip a digital solution. But we are not the only ones. But as somebody said, with the exit of STMicro, it even perhaps strengthens our market position and indicates how difficult this business is. But having said that, the client side set-top box, including satellite, is not something that we foresee any dramatic growth. But we do foresee stable sustainable levels, which is a big chunk of our business. Now on the carrier access, which is gateways, infrastructure gateways, that's very exciting on growth. We see alt-evolution in new-generation 2.5G and even GPON going to 10G, applying same to us across DSL. All that is happening, and that requires new capability to generate new generation of products, which we have in ample supply. Broadcom classic, those guys are phenomenal. They're there, and they always generate products better, faster than anybody else, and we're doing it here too. And that business as emerging countries and even developed countries like regions like Europe upgrade their infrastructure towards more broadband capacity and connectivity, they're going for 10G now, and we're seeing an initial ramp to it. It's pretty cool. And we see it varies a lot of strength to it. And here comes the other complementarity to our Avago classic business. We also sell the lasers, the optics that go hand in hand with many of this carrier access stuff.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks for the insights...
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We feel very positive about this.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks for the insights there. And then, Tony, on the April quarter guide, looking at the combined entity and looking at your guidance for April, it looks like you guys are taking on about $120 million per quarter in OpEx. So how much of that is coming from the discontinued ops, and how much of that are the true cost synergies?
Anthony E. Maslowski - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Like I said, it's probably $80 million, and then you can do the math and that's what we have as savings. And like Hock said, it's still just the tip of the iceberg of the synergy.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. And, Hock and Tony, great job on execution. Hock, getting back to the classic Avago wireless business, the FBAR business, given the weakness in the North American customer in the near term, is there opportunity to transition some of that capacity into the Chinese smartphone market, or do you suspect there that North American customers' capacity needs in the second half of the year are going to be such that you're going to still be capacity constrained for most of this year?
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. To answer your question, and I did a passing reference to that in my opening remarks. Our fab today, eight-inch  half of it is eight-inch now, by the way, converted, and we continue to gradually convert it. It's full, virtually full. We are rebuilding products for FBAR filters in particular, for the expected ramp of our North American customer. We are. And so it's pretty full. And frankly, because of that, we do sell to other customers, but we obviously have a commitment, a very clear commitment to be sure that we continue to support this North American customer. And that's always very important, not least of which they're the ones who drive the most interesting content within their phones.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's helpful, Hock, and then a little bit on the combined wired business. Clearly, the acquisition of Broadcom on the surface is more than justified by the financial justification, but I'm just curious. When you look at the wired business and classic Avago and classic Broadcom, have you started to see opportunities for revenue synergies? And as you answer the question, I was hoping I'd get a better understanding of how your ASIC business compares/contrasts with the Broadcom ASSP business.
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: They're not the same, actually. That's why I made a point to say it earlier. They co-exist  because I'll tell you this. We go to customers, and we love our customers. So we go to these OEM customers. And we basically  our ASSP switch, for instance, our router, it's a full turnkey solution. It's not just a piece of silicon. It needs to be architected in a certain way for us, and it has all the software specs that ties to it, so it's a full turnkey solution that can support a customer. As opposed to that, all our ASIC business does is my customer has to architect the switch. They have to then  basically all they're buying from us is a piece of silicon. They even do some of the front end RTL sometimes, and we do the back end. And we do the supply chain, of course. By the end of the day, all the software, we don't do; they provide it. Our ASIC business has zero software. So what we sell is a piece of silicon, finished no doubt, but there's no  all it is is hardware, no software. So what we really are offering this thing and we sell both to the same customer very often, it's really up to the customer. Some customers look at it and say, I want to invest a lot of software, invest in architecture, and just buy the ASIC from us. And they spend a lot of operating spend, R&D to do that. Or they invest much less, very little; they build a box and they buy a turnkey SOC with software from standard switching. So to the customer, it's not competition. It is two business model alternatives, one where they spend less R&D, OpEx, and maybe get time to market faster with a completed solution quickly. Or two, they spend the R&D, architect it, write the software, and go, often enough, later to market and basically try to put the secret sauce on their own, which they are at liberty to do, and we will support the customer on both models. To us and to them, it's a business model choice rather than competition.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That was very helpful. Thanks, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Chris Caso with Susquehanna Financial Group. Please go ahead.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yes, thank you. I just had a follow-up question on some of the earlier questions with synergies, and specifically on the synergies on the COGS side. Can you talk about the timing in which you expect to see some of the COGS synergies? And from a COGS side, which I suppose is largely manufacturing, do you expect that savings would come faster or slower than the average of what you said, about a third of the total for the total year?
Anthony E. Maslowski - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Specifically, in Q2 here, there's very little COGS in there. If any, we'd get something late in the quarter. And I think you'd see more material COGS changes in the second half, and I think that's the way it will work on COGS. If you took COGS as its own line, it's probably going to implement itself in the middle of those six quarters roughly, but very little into Q2 right now.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then with regard to the integration of the classic Broadcom business, clearly you're approaching the businesses a bit differently. Could you talk perhaps about how you plan to manage the businesses in terms of organization, how you're measuring against goals and management incentives, what you may be doing differently as opposed to how Broadcom has managed in the past?
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, what we have done, as you gather from the way we talked about discontinued businesses versus continuing operations, we have identified the core businesses that are extremely, extremely sustainable, key criteria, but also where Broadcom classic has extremely strong positions and continue to lead by technology leadership, which we encourage them to keep investing. And that's what we are like; we're very focused. So we identify a bunch of these businesses and we put a general manager in charge of each of those businesses who are responsible for their own entire P&L except support functions on SG&A. Otherwise, they're responsible for product development, positioning their products, marketing their products, and developing their product. And each of them run by a management team under a general manager reporting directly to me, and they have specific targets and goals. And the biggest overwhelming goal for each of them is sustain their leadership, and that comes in two parts, market leadership and technology leadership. So we let them invest as much as they need to sustain it, but we want them to be very focused on continuing to be very strong in the markets they are in, in the narrow markets they are in, so we define that very clearly with them, each other, and we continue that way. And so anything that is not those core businesses is what we really call discontinued operations. We do not go to look at adjacent markets. We do not go shooting up into the stars and send people to Mars or stuff like that. No, we don't do that. We focus on the core business, and the key thing is sustainability and being a technology leader. And we have identified a bunch of them as we have in Avago classic. You just add it all together and we have a fairly flat organization, each business run by a management team with their own general manager and a set of goals.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: That's great.
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's really how we run the business.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: That's good color. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Securities. Please go ahead.
Srinivas Reddy Pajjuri - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you. Thank you. Hi, Tony. On the debt payment, if I look at your business, I think it's going to generate close to almost $5 billion free cash flow. I'm just wondering. How much of that free cash flow is available to you to pay off the debt given, if I recall correctly, with Broadcom, the majority of that was offshore. So I'm just wondering how that changes with Avago.
Anthony E. Maslowski - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Again, not much has changed on cash flow of the Broadcom business. So remember, about 70% of it is semi-trapped, meaning that it can't be used for probably general purposes, but we can use it for debt purposes on a worldwide basis. The other 30% is similar to the Avago cash flow, which is untrapped, and the Avago portion remains untrapped. So you're right, we could probably take on bigger goals around the debt and so forth. But for right now we'll just post that on a quarterly basis to you what we're planning to pay off. And I think you can see that if we hit our goals on synergies and everything else, we'll quickly get back down to an EBITDA ratio of less than two times probably within a year or so if we execute on our synergies and so forth. So we're not too concerned about the debt we took on. And we took on debt at a lower ratio than we did even on the LSI time.
Srinivas Reddy Pajjuri - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, great. And then on the non-core asset that you classified, Hock or Tony, it looks like it's coming off of the wireless segment. I'm just wondering if you can provide any more color as to why you decided this business to be non-core. And then also, do you have a potential buyer lined up? And if so, when do you expect the deal to close?
Hock E. Tan - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: To answer your question, it's more than just one business that we put into non-core apparently, not necessarily from wireless. But really the truth is for obvious reasons, we really prefer and not at liberty to divulge more details because we are running a process.
Srinivas Reddy Pajjuri - CLSA Americas LLC: Got it, thank you.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our Q&A session for today. I would like to turn the call back to Ashish for final remarks.
Ashish Saran - Head-Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. Thank you for participating in today's earnings call. We look forward to talking with you again when we report our second quarter fiscal year 2016 financial results.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes Broadcom's conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-12-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashish Saran - Director, Investor Relations Hock Tan - President and Chief Executive Officer Tony Maslowski - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Vivek Arya - Bank of America Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Romit Shah - Nomura Vijay Rakesh - Mizuho Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Doug Freedman - Sterne Agee Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Securities Amit Daryanani - RBC Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research
Operator: Welcome to the Avago Technologies Limited Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ashish Saran, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ashish Saran: Thank you, operator and good afternoon everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO and Tony Maslowski, Chief Financial Officer of Avago Technologies. After the market closed today, Avago distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Avagos website at www.avagotech.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for 1 week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at avagotech.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tony will be providing details of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015 results, background to our first quarter fiscal year 2016 outlook and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Avago reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ashish. Good afternoon, everyone. I will start with a short summary of fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015 business highlights and Tony will continue with more details on our financial results. So, fiscal 2015 was an important year for Avago where we saw the significant increase in our top line from a full year of LSI contribution augmented by strong growth in wireless revenue. On this expanded base, we drove higher levels of profitability through leveraging our largest scale, continual richer product mix and the full achievement of LSI acquisition cost synergies to deliver operating margins over 40%. In other words, mission accomplished. Our fourth quarter results exemplified this, loud and clear. Revenue came in at $1.85 billion, a 6% sequential increase and continuing to be very pleased with our execution which drove the fourth quarter margins above the high end of our range and earnings per share to $2.51. We ended our fiscal year on a very strong note delivering record levels of revenue and profitability. Let us now turn to a discussion of our segments starting with wireless. In the fourth quarter, wireless segment represented 37% of our total revenue from continuing operations in this very difficult strong seasonal fourth quarter. As we expected during this seasonal upturn, revenue from our wireless segment grew by 10% sequentially, with the customary product ramp at our North American customer partially offset by the product cycle rollover at one of our large Asian customers. While there was an increase in overall RF content in the new phone model, our, Avagos RF content on a dollar basis in the new phone model remained largely flat, the same as it was in the prior generation. We had to walk away from supplying additional RF content in the new phone model because of a constrained filter manufacturing capacity. This will not happen again. Our long-term expectation for our wireless business remains very strong and we expect our RF content per smartphone to increase at over 20% every year. We have concrete plans in place to address this. We may remain on track with our plan to increase FBAR filter capacity in fiscal 2016 by 50% as we convert our fab from 6-inch to 8-inch wafer manufacturing. We also expect our portfolio in fab to remain at near full capacity as we start to pre-build inventory to support anticipated new phone launches later in fiscal 2016. Now, looking more short-term at the first fiscal quarter 2016, unlike last year, we do see a seasonal decline in demand and expect our wireless revenue to sequentially decline in the low-teens on a percentage basis. Last year, first quarter demand had held up offsetting normal seasonality, but we dont see the same phenomenon this year. And therefore, on a year-over-year basis, we expect our wireless segment revenue to also decline similar to the sequential drop. While that is just one part of our portfolio, let me now turn to another segment of portfolio, which has been performing rather amazing, and thats our enterprise storage segment. In the fourth quarter, enterprise storage revenue grew by 9% sequentially and enterprise storage represented 35% of our total revenue from continuing operations. In the fourth quarter, we also saw strong growth from our RAID and SAS products. We also benefited from increasing shipments into enterprise and datacenter hard disk drives. Despite macro worries, enterprise storage markup held up quite well in fiscal 2015 and in fact, our core enterprise storage revenues in the fourth quarter grew close to 20% on a year-on-year basis. Looking towards first quarter 2016, we expect this segment to maintain its momentum from the strong fourth quarter and we expect revenue to be up slightly on a sequential basis. We also believe we may be gaining share in this segment. On to wired infrastructure, in the fourth quarter, wired revenue grew by 2% sequentially and our wired segment represented approximately 20% of our total revenue from continuing operations. The ASIC business was up slightly in the fourth quarter driven primarily by an increase in shipments into routing, especially edge routing. Our fiber optics business after a strong third quarter maintained much of its momentum into the fourth quarter delivering a small sequential increase. We saw increase in fiber-to-the-home shipments and stable deliveries into the enterprise OEM market. The addition of wafer fab capacity at our Breinigsville, Pennsylvania at a meeting laser facility help us better meet the increase in demand for fiber-to-the-home market. In the next quarter, first quarter, we expect sustained performance from this segment and project our revenue to also be up slightly here. Moving on to industrial, in the fourth quarter, industrial and other miscellaneous products represented 8% of our total revenues from continuing operations. Focusing on industrial, resales held up reasonably well during the quarter and were in fact up slightly. By region, Asia-Pacific was quite strong with e-resales growing close to double-digits. Europe also grew by nearly mid-digits sequentially, but Americas and Japan were both weak and resales declined in the mid single-digits sequentially in those regions. However, similar to a number of peers, we saw  we took a cautionary tone from customers during the quarter and consequently reduced shipments into our distributors, which drove channel inventory down. As a result, our industrial segment revenue declined by 10% sequentially in the fourth quarter. And please keep in mind we recognized revenue here on a sell-in basis. As we look at first quarter, anticipating the normal seasonal declines as well as of course lingering macro uncertainty, we plan to continue to reduce inventory in distribution. And accordingly, we expect revenue for industrial segment to decline in the low single-digit sequentially. In summary therefore, after the strong close for fiscal 2015, we expect an approximate 4% sequential decline in consolidated first quarter 2016 revenue, driven primarily by seasonality in our Wireless and Industrial segments, offsetting projected sustained performance from our Wired and Enterprise Storage segments. With the LSI integration completed in fiscal 2015, we have created a very powerful business model that leverage our largest scale and increase diversity to deliver strong growth in earnings for the year. As Tony will provide more color on his  in his summary, we expect our earnings strength to carry over into the first fiscal quarter regardless of revenue seasonality. And as we go into the rest of fiscal 2016, we expect this earnings machine to further strengthen with the pending Broadcom acquisition. With this in mind, I would like to mention that the Broadcom acquisition process continue to progress very smoothly and day one integration planning continue  planning, including identification of all key, business leaders and supporting teams have  has been completed. We have made very good progress, in fact on the regulatory approval front and expect to be in a position to close the transaction early in the first calendar quarter of 2016. In fact, we believe that we could present an integrated set of financial results starting with our second quarter of fiscal 2016. With that, let me now turn the call over to Tony for a more detailed review of our fourth quarter and fiscal 2015 financials. Tony?
Tony Maslowski: Thank you, Hock and good afternoon everyone. Before reviewing fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015 financial results, I want to remind you that my comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise specifically noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release issued today and is also available on our website at www.avagotech.com. Revenue of $1.85 billion in the fiscal fourth quarter represents an increase of 6% from the prior quarter. Foxconn was a greater than 20% customer in the fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter gross margin from continuing operations was 62%, which was above the high end of our guidance range, primarily due to better revenue mix and continued high fab utilization. Turning to operating expenses, R&D expenses were $257 million and SG&A expenses were $81 million. This resulted in total operating expenses for the fourth quarter of $338 million, $2 million above guidance, primarily due to higher bonus accruals, driven by higher profitability. On a percentage basis, total operating expenses were 18% of revenues, a reduction from 19% in the prior quarter. As a percentage of sales, R&D was 14% and SG&A was 4% of net revenue. Operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $811 million and represented 44% of net revenue. Taxes came in at $43 million for the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter net income was $737 million and earnings per diluted share were $2.51. Fourth quarter interest expense was $41 million. Other income net was $10 million, resulting from a number of items, including cash from a legal settlement, interest income and gains from foreign exchange hedging. Our share-based compensation in the fourth quarter was $63 million. The breakdown of the expense for the fourth quarter include $7 million in cost of goods sold, $30 million in R&D and $26 million in SG&A. In the first quarter of fiscal 2016, we anticipate share-based compensation will be approximately $65 million. Just as a reminder, our definition of non-GAAP net income excludes share-based compensation expense. The non-GAAP guidance from first quarter fiscal 2016 also excludes estimated ticking fees of approximately $47 million related to debt commitments for the pending Broadcom acquisition. Moving on to the balance sheet, our days sales outstanding were 50 days, an increase of eight days from the prior quarter caused by linearity of our revenue across the quarter. Our inventory ended at $524 million, a $17 million increase from the third quarter. Days on hand were 68 days. We generated $582 million in operational cash flow and ended the quarter with the cash balance of $1.8 billion, which increased by approximately $400 million from the prior quarter. Our fourth  in our fourth quarter, we spent $106 million on capital expenditures. On September 30, 2015, we paid a cash dividend of $0.42 per ordinary share, which consumed $116 million of cash. This dividend was raised by $0.02 from the prior quarter. Since the inception of our dividend program in the second quarter of 2011 to-date, our financial performance has allowed us to increase our dividend each quarter. As a reminder, our Board reviews and determines our dividend policy on a quarterly basis. Based on our financial performance and condition, the contractual provisions related to our outstanding indebtedness and other factors deemed relevant by our Board. Now let me briefly recap our fiscal year 2015 full year results. Net revenues increased by 60% year-over-year to $6.9 billion, benefiting primarily from a full year of contributions from continuing operations of the LSI businesses as well as strength in our wireless business. Gross margin increased 5% year-over-year to 61%, driven by an improvement in product mix, with higher contributions from our FBAR related wireless products as well as comparatively higher gross margins from the Enterprise Storage segment. Net income for fiscal 2015 increased to $2.6 billion or $8.98 per diluted share as compared to $1.3 billion or $4.90 per diluted share in fiscal 2014. Now let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions and we do not intend to update this guidance. This guidance is for results from continuing operations only. Net revenue is expected to be $1.78 billion plus or minus $25 million. Gross margin is expected to be 61% plus or minus one percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $314 million. Taxes are forecasted to be approximately $40 million. Net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $37 million. And finally, the diluted share account forecast is for 295 million shares. That concludes my prepared remarks. However, I would like to make one final comment. Earlier this week, Avago became 10-years-old as an independent company. Just as a contrast to todays results, our first year in operations, we had $1.51 billion in revenue and a non-GAAP net loss of $108 million. I would like to personally thank all employees for their hard work and contributions in this first decade. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Vivek Arya of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on the consistently strong execution. Hock, you mentioned on the wireless business that on the next years flagship model, you expect at least 20% higher content, can you give us some context what is driving that higher content and what is your differentiation and competitive advantage versus another competitor who also has FBAR filters and is also adding capacity, what can you do consistently that they cannot, so whats really driving up content and whats your competitive advantage?
Hock Tan: Well, lets start with content. Content keeps increasing in smartphones, especially the high-end smartphones because of as I say increasing number of bands, spectral bandwidths that come into play worldwide as carriers expand the bandwidth by which they connect phones, connect us to each other. A number of especially LTE bands are increasing even in places like Japan, where you have new introduction on new bands, the band 21, which had not existed before. And of course the same applies in China where you have both TDD and FDD as well. So, its really the proliferation of LTE bands. And for high-end smartphones, the need for the creation especially towards the high end for phones that can roam. But adding on to this mix is the fact that two other things are happening that drives, not just RF content, but our particular kind of RF content, which is the form of FBAR filters, which allows signals to be received or transmitted in extremely discreet very narrow base  on a very accurate, call it, narrow basis, which is the problem of with that number of bands in one little device, you start to create the phenomenon of coexistence. And coexistence, which exists and exists not across several bands alone, but across WiFi, Bluetooth as well crossing cellular bands too. That coexisting issue creates a specific need for filters that can attract signals from a very collective air space from ether. Then of course you hear now about downlink carrier aggregation. And next year on, you start to see some of  certain phone models with uplink carrier aggregation. What carrier aggregation meant and I may have discussed it in previous calls is simply the ability to max or de-max multiple bands, signals from multiple bands into one single channel in the phone or out externally. And in order to do that, you need components. You need filters that are able to do the maxing and de-maxing in the RF space. And thats where FBAR filters come in to the own. So, because of all that, we have been consistently seeing over the last several years and we see that trend continue over the next three years, because its as far as we can probably look within a degree of certainty, the increase in content, in RF content and in particular in the need for filters, which are not able to be integrated into one single chip. Each filter is a very discrete element. So, thats pretty much whats driving what I postulate as perhaps a trend of 20% a year increase in dollar content of RF over the next several years for high-end smartphones. Okay?
Vivek Arya: And as my follow-up, Hock, you also mentioned good growth in your enterprise storage business. Thats very different from some other more sluggish, weak enterprise spending environment trends that we have heard from others. So, I am wondering what is helping you outgrow the broader spending environment in enterprise? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Thats a very good question and sometimes we sit there and wonder ourselves by the way. All we do know is it is. And I suspect in specific areas, there is market share gains on our site simply because we do a better product, simply because we are able to execute on better products, but also we have been perhaps fortunate in being focused on certain customers, certain OEM customers, in particular that have done better than others and that allows us through their process by itself to gain share. And we will display that because yes, we are fully aware of whats out there, what we hear out there on a macro side. But we are seeing strength particularly on the enterprise front, less so the cloud datacenter side. So maybe thats something to do with that as well.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thank you. I had a question on the FBAR capacity expansion, in particular, move from 6-inch to 8-inch, I know its early on, but that is an important factor for wireless growth in the back half of fiscal 2016. So, can you just give us some early insight in terms of how thats progressing in the confidence of bringing that online?
Hock Tan: Yes, thats been progressing very much, very well. To be direct about it, we are almost ready now give it a few more months for the back half. And  but that will not be a full completion for back half. We will anticipate continuing the migration from 6-inch to 8-inch of existing lines through even the first half of 2017 in anticipation of the generation of phones in 2017, not late 2017, not just 2016, but we are pretty prepared right now.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thanks. And as my follow-up, good to hear that the integration of Broadcom is going smoothly and day 1, you can hit the ground running. So, as to get your thoughts more on the product side as you had more time to look at the portfolio, anything standout to you positively, particularly with their networking business and the prospects there?
Hock Tan: Oh, we love their products, we love their engineering. It validates entirely our premise, our investment thesis in making this acquisition as far as we found so far. So, we liked a lot of what they are doing. To be more specific, it might be a bit premature, sorry about that, but I am not in a position to really disclose it. Frankly, I want to do it, not because I dont want to, but I think I am not totally in the picture 100% until we really do have the operations under our control after day 1.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Romit Shah of Nomura. Your line is open.
Romit Shah: Yes, thank you. Couple of questions. First, Tony, I noticed that operating expenses are declining, I think about 7% in the January period, which really stood out to me. Can you talk a little bit about that?
Tony Maslowski: Sure. Its mostly due to two factors. We completely completed the Emulex transition. So, there is some OpEx drop off from that. But more significantly, its the reset on the bonus accrual. So, on the bonus side, we are significantly above 100% attainment and that gets reset into Q1 at 100%. So, you get some benefit from that as well. Now, just to give you some perspective in 10 years of working here with the bonus is that its not reset to last years numbers. We have new numbers that are a little bit stretch targets for next year. So, every year that we accomplish over 100%, its a pretty Herculean feat. So, its not that we go into it saying we are going to earn 150% in the next year and you have kind of expense catch up at the second half of the year. So, its a true reset and those are the two reasons for the expense drop off.
Romit Shah: Okay, helpful. Thanks. And Hock, can you give us a couple of data points on wireless? You said that RF content in high-end phones would increase at 20% or so. And then you also told us that you are planning to increase the capacity by about 50%. So putting those two data points together, how do we think about expectations for the wireless business, how fast it grows in fiscal 16?
Hock Tan: Well, I dont know. I cannot really answer for fiscal 16 because we dont give guidance, Romit on an annual basis, but I tell you the trajectory we have been seeing and continues I believe to be on. And I have taken things in my opening remarks to clarify why this year, this as end of 15, early 16, as we sit here, why its more of an exception, a hiatus I call it than the rule. But content as we are bundling all this additional spectral bandwidth into a single device has increased content wise, physical content, might what we have seen is anywhere from 30% to almost 50% every year compounded every year. But then there is always a value to some level of integration in terms of dollar translation, which is why in dollar terms, that content increase of 30% to 50% typically translates to, I think 20% to 30% on an annual basis. Thats really what it comes out to.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Vijay Rakesh: Hi, guys. Good quarter and guide on a given all the wordings. I have a question on the RF side and as you look at China where probably just dont have much of carrier aggregation today, where do you see carrier aggregation penetration in China by the end of next year?
Hock Tan: Last  probably some, but there is some carrier aggregation, a high level of carrier aggregation going on in China right now. Not as much perhaps as out here in the U.S., but there is. And there is a need to do that because thats where the operators in China are where and want to go. And so we are seeing that now and we are selling some products, some are more discrete module products that addresses downlink carrier aggregation. Uplink, thats a different method, probably out for a couple of years at least if not longer for China. Uplink will happen here and some parts of the world fast, but downlink carrier aggregation is already happening in China.
Vijay Rakesh: Got it. And on the first side, as you talk about 8-inch capacity, is it  do you already have output 8-inches bus? Thanks.
Hock Tan: We have, at this point what I would call pilot lines. We have been doing the conversion over the past 12 months, which is more investment and developing the process. We are at a point that we are starting to go into production fairly soon.
Vijay Rakesh: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Hock, back on the wireless side of things, you mentioned that the capacity constraint was never going to happen again and then you are kind enough to give us that 20% increased number, is part of that 20% increase just simply your ability to address the sockets that you are limited on today or is that above and beyond the content increase that you are going to get on average with RF into phones?
Hock Tan: No, I am basically  its almost one and the same. We have all a sense of trying to be too arrogant or buoyant please, but it is one and the same, because in order to integrate their turn of increase of content into a tiny little device and do it very well, not many people can do it is our view. And so as I say, it becomes almost one in the same, which is our perception of the trend last 3 years and forward 3 years, is that content keeps growing up. It keeps growing in that range, at least in dollar terms. And we are always able to capture that. But its a broad trend, we believe in month-to-month and we do not see that changing over the next 3 years as it has been happening the last 3 years.
Ross Seymore: And I guess as my follow-up, another one for you Hock. And I know you are not going to give full year guidance and maybe it doesnt even matter once Broadcom comes into the mix, but as you look at your four segments, can you just walk us through some of the areas that you are most excited about going up in fiscal 16 and then areas where you think there might be some headwinds as you look at your current portfolio of businesses?
Hock Tan: I am most excited about networking, wired infrastructure, so to speak and very excited about  continue to be excited about wireless. And enterprise storage has been, as I have mentioned performing very well. And I will be very pleased, but totally not disappointed if it doesnt hit the level it did in 2015 in enterprise storage. But definitely in wired and wireless, I believe, those two areas will continue to grow and grow very well.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ambrish Srivastava of BMO. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you, Hock. Clearly, there is a tailwind on the wireless side and you have executed very well within that. I was just having a tough time understanding and trying to reconcile what you said at the top of the call regarding the capacity, so you were constrained by capacity and so you said that you walked away from certain business. And I am assuming that it cant be at the high end because you have a very differentiated product at the high end, so what gives you the confidence then that the competition or the customer will come back to you for that content that you could not provide? And then I had a quick follow-up.
Hock Tan: Because we are very good at what we do and we are just about only of the very few people can do to what we say we do here. Any really, my purpose in explaining that at the beginning was that because this quarter and last we saw as you saw a sort of a pause in that 20% growth rate year-on-year. And I took the pain to explain that as basically as not about people catching up as much as its our inability capacity wide to meet all of their needs for this particular short window of time. But otherwise if, in fact the content the demand will still keep going at that rough 20% a year rate.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. My follow-up then on the tax side Tony, should we, I just want to make sure I get it right, so we should use the baseline from the guide for the Q1 because...?
Tony Maslowski: Yes. So everything we have right now and again this is assuming model that no Broadcom. So I mean in a full year, if you do just us, its this new run rate. We will have our new mid-year merit increases, which is a couple of percent. And then if we outperform our businesses, you will see some bonus catch up in the second half. So yes, this is the  I would consider stable run rate. Again, we throw that out of window when we do Q2 and we start integrating Broadcom, so.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay, got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Freedman of Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
Doug Freedman: Hi guys. Let me echo the congratulations on excellent execution. I guess Hock, sorry to beat a dead horse here a little bit, but I am getting a sense that your approach to the FBAR business may have changed here at your commentary about not wanting to supply constrain the market going forward. I did notice intra-quarter in the news, you guys procured a large factory up in Oregon. I believe it was cited as being for wireless, can you give us sort of maybe the timing of getting Oregon up and running and whether you have in fact changed your strategy to not supply constrain the FBAR market and if so, how quickly do you think you will remove that constraint?
Hock Tan: Well, I guess our strategy was never to want to constrain the market to first of all to make that clear. What probably I am implying the color to what you just said and is true on what I just said is we are seeing the market grow even faster than we had originally thought. And again, consistent we have got one thing to constrain the market we want to address, those specific high end smartphone markets, we are taking steps to make sure we will never constrain it again.
Doug Freedman: Okay. Moving on...
Hock Tan: And that includes that potential fab up in Oregon to just complete that thought and tying with what you said. Yes, that include  that plan of our to address that longer term includes that facility. And thats a long-term plan because we dont expect that to  once we get that going, if we get that going, that wont come into play  come into line until more towards 2018. 2016 and 17, what we have in [indiscernible] 8-inch conversion is pretty cool, 18 uncertainty we better get this additional Oregon fab.
Doug Freedman: I guess as my follow-up, what capacity addition does that Oregon fab enable if you could on a percentage is that going to double your FBAR capacity going forward?
Hock Tan: We generally dont want to disclose that Doug. Sorry.
Doug Freedman: Okay. Thank you. I tried.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Srini Pajjuri of CLSA Securities. Your line is open.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you, Hock. Again on the wireless, I know you said you have visibility into the next 2 years to 3 years on that design wins and also on the architectures. I am just curious as to how much of visibility you have on the pricing front because obviously to say that your content is increasing 20%, you got it seemed pricing curve. And the reason I am asking is given that your competitors are also adding capacity, whats the risk that your pricing assumptions could go wrong here?
Hock Tan: Oh, you are right. Its, again, I am approaching it from a very macro point of view and a very trend basis. And if you look at my trend in macro over the last four years, that 20% is what I have been achieving and have been able to achieve and achieving. And there is nothing reeling that we see out there though I should never take it for granted, because each one is an interesting challenge by itself. I will be honest the products we do in FBAR, in front-end module, PATS as I call them, very, very difficult things to do. I mean, I am not saying they are moon shots, but they are not that far from that. And we spend an enormous amount of money, talent doing it. So, the best way to describe it is we dont see anything that dramatically change though each one is a tough one by itself. So, if I have seen it the last four years, I am basically commenting that it sure looks that for the next two, three years, we will see a continuation of this trend and we see that as I answer an earlier question through more bands to the increasing issue of coexistence across bands in handsets plus just as much the phenomenon of downlink and uplink carrier aggregation as operators need to run their network and base station much more efficiently and all that is happening. Its not pie in the sky.
Srini Pajjuri: Great. Thank you. And then Tony, on the balance sheet side, I guess once you closed the Broadcom deal, I think you told us you are going to have the leverage ratio around 2.5 times or so. My question is if an opportunity comes along to do additional M&A next year or some other time, first, whats your strategy in terms of additional M&A here and then how much debt capacity you think you have? Thank you.
Tony Maslowski: Yes. So, taken in reverse order, we definitely have the debt capacity go probably back to three years slightly above it. So, you can think about it at any given time we could be another turn here right out of the gate. However, the Broadcom acquisition, there will be a digestion phase for Broadcom. And as we have said, we dont wake up every morning looking for the next acquisition. We are very opportunistic on the acquisition front and we will look at it as we go. But again, I think we have flexibility with a starting point at 2.5 to do what we need to do. And if something opportunistic comes along, we will take advantage of that.
Srini Pajjuri: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Amit Daryanani of RBC. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Yes, thanks a lot and congrats on the good quarter guys. A question for me, I guess if I go back to the wireless segment, Hock, to the extent you can talk about when you add capacity in the near-term over the next 12 months, call it are you doing it basically the design wins you have or do you have much more firm purchase commitments from your larger OEMs and hence you are adding capacity?
Hock Tan: Its a judgmental process. That judgment tends to be very tight to start by conservatively, but you are right, its tied to sockets. I believe in sockets that we will win over the next 12, 18 months. And you are right sometimes we have to scramble to put capacity in place because of that kind of approach, but we believe that we prefer to be conservative than the other way around, but it is  but at the end of it all, its all based in judgment and we tend to be rather conservative in lagging capacity build out behind what we see as demand. We might have based on an earlier statement started to behave a little differently, but basically, we are very conservative creatures is what we know we are, but its all based on judgment. And obviously, our judgment is that we will use that capacity that we are putting in place for the next two, three years.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And then on the enterprise side, you talked about share gains and business doing better. Is that more on your HDD side or is it more the fiber channel adapters from Emulex, where you think you might be thinking of more share?
Hock Tan: I think its more on the connectivity side than the HDD side. HDD market doesnt change very much.
Amit Daryanani: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Harlan Sur of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Hi, good afternoon and congratulations on the solid quarterly execution. On the wireless business, typically calendar Q1 is when your large Asian smartphone customers ramps production of its flagship platform. So, the question is are you seeing some of this ramp in your fiscal Q1 or is that typically seen in fiscal Q2? And then Hock, in line with your commentary, are you anticipating 20% plus content gains on their new flagship smartphones?
Hock Tan: I am saying yes to all three. Yes, there is an uptick there late Q1, probably Q2 on fiscal, not calendar, fiscal Q2, more like fiscal Q2. And yes, we do see improvement in content.
Harlan Sur: Thats great. And then industrial you had anticipated revenues to be down kind of low single-digits in Q4, it came down 10% sequentially, but I think its obviously a good decision to be prudent and take down inventories in the fourth quarter. As you think about Q1 and another quarter of inventory reduction, can you just help us understand your expectations for sell-through and also any commentary on demand by geography that you would expect in Q1?
Hock Tan: Yes, good points. Keep in mind maybe the first  simplest way to answer is our Q1 is November, December and January. So, as you know  as you probably know, industrial seasonality is down late end of the year and up again beginning of the year. So for Q1, we only have one month, no much. So, thats why we continue to be  to forecast and be conservative in our guidance of industrial revenue whether they be resale or shipping. On the resale front, yes, we kind of see  industrial  its hard to breakout between seasonality versus secular in this case. All we see is that industrial is kind of struggling even to stay flat at this point. We saw our Q4, as just to emphasize, was actually August, September October. So, we only saw part of the downturn of the back end of the year. And so that  so even though our shipping was down, our resale, as I indicated, wasnt that bad. So, I would expect our resale Q1 to be not so good and thats why I use the word struggle to even say flat, which is why we believe we better guide our shipping, which is our revenue at down single-digits and we could have  and not more or less, thats what they are in, because if the resale maybe down a bit more, but our shipping is best, because we already pulled under it last quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Edward Snyder of Charter Equity Research. Your line is open.
Edward Snyder: Thank you very much. Hock, you said 8-inch probably take you through the transition in about 2017, Hynix fab in Portland probably wouldnt get turn on and I think you indicated till what 2018. It seems kind to be a flat spot between the two. I was just curious the silicon soft stuff that you have been working on is that there to take up the slot to take some of the pressure off the FBAR fab by moving some of the lower end stuff into that or is that more of a push by Avago to expand your filter offering beyond just traditional bond something maybe that will be more competitive in the soft run? And I have a follow-up please.
Hock Tan: Well, I think we think we have planned it pretty well, because you are right, 8-inch will take us all the way through product generation of 17, which will just be in time for the fab up in Oregon to come in for 18. So, its straight on and its all largely focused on filters.
Edward Snyder: Okay. And then the 20% increase I know its more of a general number for the TAM growth overall, but it sounds like you are pretty enthusiastic about that for the next year. In 2015, as it specifically applies to Avago, will more of that come from say the max filters and is that really a content gain like you are getting more parts or is it more of an ASP boost given how tough these are to do maybe not more dye size itself, but you are just getting paid better for it?
Hock Tan: No, we are very nice people to our customers. We basically be more content and we actually give a discount as on a filter basis. Its a lot more content, a lot more filter.
Edward Snyder: Great, thank you.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Tony Maslowski: Thank you, operator. Thank you for participating in todays earnings call. We look forward to talking with you again when we report our first quarter fiscal year 2016 financial results.
Operator: That concludes Avagos conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-08-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashish Saran - Director, Investor Relations Hock Tan - President and Chief Executive Officer Tony Maslowski - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Vivek Arya - Bank of America John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Steven Chin - UBS Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Securities Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Doug Freedman - Sterne Agee Kulin Patel - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Avago Technologies Limited Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ashish Saran, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ashish Saran: Thank you, Operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tony Maslowski, Chief Financial Officer of Avago Technologies. After the market closed today, Avago distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the third quarter fiscal year 2015. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Avagos website at www.avagotech.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at avagotech.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tony will be providing details of our third quarter fiscal year 2015 results, background to our fourth quarter fiscal year 2015 outlook and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Avago reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ashish. Good afternoon, everyone. Ill touch on Q2 revenue highlights, with a preview of our Q4 expectations and then Tony will provide a summary of our third quarter fiscal year 2015 financial results. As a note, you may be aware we closed the Emulex acquisition on May the 5th two days into our third fiscal quarter and accordingly Q3 results include contributions from Emulex. Now, it is ironic that volatility and recent weakness in the equity markets are in such sub-contrast to relative stability and predictability, I might add, of our end market demand. Revenue for our third quarter was $1.75 billion, a 6.4% sequential increase and above the midpoint of our guidance as all segments performed well. I am very pleased with our execution which drove Q3 margins and earnings per share to the high-end of our expectation. We continue to see good demand driven by our diverse portfolio of highly differentiated solutions. We believe our focus on sustainable franchises provide us with a firm foundation to consistently deliver strong operating results. Turning to a discussion of our segments, starting with wireless, in the third quarter, revenue from our wireless segment grew by 7% sequentially. Wireless now represented 35% of our total revenue from continuing operations. As expected growth within the quarter was driven by the start of our ramp from our North American smartphone OEM as they transition to their next-generation platform and the continuation of our product ramp at an Asian handset OEM. Looking at the fourth quarter of fiscal 15, we do expect revenue growth to continuing our wireless business with strong growth of over 10% sequentially. We expect this growth to result from the full ramp of the new phone model at our North American smartphone customer, partially offset by the product cycle rollover at the Asian customer. We continue to make very good progress in increasing our FBAR capacity, which we anticipate will increase by approximately 50% by the time we end fiscal 15 compared to that of the prior year. This correlates perfectly well with our expectation for the year-over-year increase on our fiscal 2015 wireless segment revenues. However, we have been unable to quite satisfy demand from Chinese LTE handset OEMs and only have been able to make limited shipments to them this year. But we do expect to further increase FBAR capacity by another 50% over the course of fiscal 16, which should hopefully enable us to better meet demand from these Chinese customers starting late 2016. In addition, we remain focused on increasing our RF content in new handset releases and expect any new significant design wins could consume significant amount of planned capacity additions particularly towards the end of fiscal 2016, and as a result, our capacity for FBAR may continue to remain under pressure for an extended time period. Moving on to enterprise storage, starting with third fiscal quarter, the enterprise storage segment includes Emulex fiber channel connectivity product. And in this third quarter, enterprise storage revenue grew 26% sequentially and enterprise storage represented 34% of our total revenue from continuing operations. Much of the strong sequential growth was due to the addition of Emulex in the third quarter, but our other enterprise storage business also grew organically in the high single-digit sequentially. We experienced strong sequential growth also in custom flash controllers, as that product line continues to ramp very nicely. Our server storage connectivity business continued to trend positively with solid demand for 12 gig RAID and SAS products, and strong shipment for our PCI Express Solutions. Looking towards fourth quarter 2015, we expect enterprise storage to continue its momentum. Revenue growth is projected in the low to mid-single digits sequentially, driven by forecast seasonal uptick in the hard disk drive end market, but more importantly, sustained demand in our server storage connectivity businesses. On to wired infrastructure, with the closing of our Emulex acquisition in the third quarter, our ASIC and fiber optics sales to Emulex have now become [complete] [ph] transactions and are no longer included in this wired segment revenue. Reflecting this change, our wired segment declined by 3% sequentially in the third quarter, which otherwise would have been up slightly from that of the prior quarter. Wired revenue now represents 21% of total revenue from continuing operations. Our underlying ASIC business declined moderately coming off a very strong second quarter, where we have seen double-digit sequential revenue growth. We remain very optimistic with our expanding ASIC footprint in the routing, switching and high performance computing end markets. We saw strong sequential growth in fiber optics, driven by the start of the ramp in 100G shipments and the sustained increase in 40G fiber optic module shipments to the hyperscale data center market where we are supplying to multiple end customers. We have also added wafer capacity and increased shipment significantly to meet continued strong demand from the fiber-to-the-home market largely in China. Okay, moving to -- turning to the outlook for the wired segment for the fourth quarter. We expect our ASIC business to resume growth, driven by continued strength in data center buildouts. We expect demand from hyperscale and fiber-to-the-home market to sustain for our fiber optic business. Consequently, we expect wired segment revenues to grow in the mid single-digit sequentially. Moving to industrial, for the third quarter industrial and other segment represented 10% of our total revenue from continuing operations. And as I mentioned previously, this segment does include our intellectual property licensing business. This segment had much stronger than expected second quarter revenue, as I disclosed previously, because of a significant IP licensing business transaction in that quarter. As a result, going to the third quarter we saw an unusually large revenue decline of 21% sequentially in this segment. Without the impact of this single transaction, industrial revenue would have grown in the high-single digits sequentially as we replenish inventory at certain of our distributors in the U.S. and China. Industrial revenues having put that in that context, industrial resales in the third quarter were down in the low-single digits as a result softness in Europe and Japan even though China was flat and Americas were up. But while we expect resales in the fourth quarter to improve in China and Europe, uncertainty in industrial market keeps our revenue expectation for this segment to be flat to marginally down sequentially. So to highlight in summary, we believe we have build a very firm foundation for our company anchored by our four diverse segments. In Q3, wired storage and industrial performed to plan as expected. And we experienced a gradual startup of the typical annual wireless product cycle. Now in Q4, we expect to gain from the full double-digit sequential growth in wireless. Weve continued and sustained performance from the rest of the company, resulting in aggregate revenue growth of approximately 6% sequentially. The Broadcom acquisition continues to progress well and it's very much on track for closing as we indicated early next year. As I planned the integration of our two companies, I'm pleased to identify Tony Maslowski as the CFO of the combined company. Tony has done a superb job in Avago and will be great as we scale up the combined company. And with that, let me now turn the call over to Tony for a more detailed review of our third quarter fiscal 2015 financials.
Tony Maslowski: Thank you, Hock and good afternoon, everyone. Before reviewing third quarter fiscal year 2015 financial results, I want to remind you that my comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise specifically noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release issued today and is also available at our website at www.avagotech.com. Revenue of $1.75 billion in the third quarter represents an increase of 6% from the prior quarter. Foxconn was greater than 10% customer in the third fiscal quarter. Our third quarter gross margin from continuing operations was 61%, which was at the high end of our guidance range, primarily due to better revenue mix in fab utilization. Turning to operating expenses, R&D expenses were $245 million and SG&A expenses were $85 million. This resulted in total operating expenses for the third quarter of $330 million, $5 million below guidance, primarily because cost synergies from the Emulex transactions being realized faster than expectation. As a percentage of sales, R&D was 14% and SG&A was 5% of net revenue. Operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $733 million and represented 42% of net revenue. Taxes came in at $38 million for the third quarter, slightly below our guidance. Third quarter net income was $660 million and earnings per diluted share were $2.24. This is a significant increase from the $347 million in net income and a $1.26 in earnings per diluted share from the same quarter last year, which was our first quarter that included results from LSI. Third quarter interest expense was $43 million. Other income, net was $8 million resulting from a number of items including gains from foreign exchange hedging and interest income. Our share-based compensation in the third quarter was $63 million. The breakdown of the expense for the third quarter includes $7 million in cost of goods sold, $31 million in R&D and $25 million in SG&A. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we anticipate share-based compensation will be approximately $66 million. Just as a reminder, our definition of non-GAAP net income excludes share-based compensation expense. Moving on to the balance sheet, our day sales outstanding were 42 days same as the prior quarter. Our inventory ended at $507 million, a $17 million increase from the second quarter, days on hand were 67 days. We generated $592 million in operational cash flow and ended the quarter with cash balance of $1.4 billion, which declined by approximately $1.1 billion from the prior quarter, primarily due to the cash consumed by the conversion of our 2% convertible notes, the purchase of Emulex and the conversion of our Emulex notes as described in the earnings release. In the third quarter, we spent $148 million on capital expenditures. On June 30, 2015, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.40 per ordinary share, which consumed $104 million of cash. This dividend was raised by $0.02 from the prior quarter. Since the inception of our dividend program in second quarter 2011 to date, our financial performance has allowed us to increase our dividend each quarter. As a reminder, our Board reviews and determines our dividend policy on a quarterly basis. Based on our financial performance and condition, the contractual provisions relating to our outstanding indebtedness and other factors deemed relevant by our Board. During the quarter, we did not repurchase any shares. Now let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions. We do not intend to update this guidance and this guidance is for results from continuing operations only. We expect net revenue to be $1.85 billion, plus or minus $25 million. Gross margin is expected to be 60.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $336 million. Taxes are forecasted to be approximately $42 million and net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $38 million. And finally the diluted share count forecast is for 296 million shares. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question for today comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. Hock, question on wireless, I think you guided to over 10% sequential growth. And I believe last year, Apple did some prebuilds and so some of the year-on-year trends probably distorted. So part A of the question is how should we think about content growth at your largest customer this generation, this upcoming generation, and how should we think about seasonality as we look out at Q1?
Hock Tan: Well, to begin with, in terms of content increase, I guess, my best way to describe is there has been no decline in content in our largest customer. To make it clear, number one. And number two, we do not really give guidance beyond the current quarter we are in. So I will have to refrain from giving you a sense of what would go on beyond into Q1 of fiscal 16. But in terms of content, do not expect any reduction in content at our largest customers in wireless.
Vivek Arya: I see. And then as a follow-up, Tony, congrats on your expanded role, how should we think about OpEx trajectory over the next few quarters and do you expect to take any cost actions before you close the Broadcom acquisition? Thank you.
Tony Maslowski: To answer your last question, first. Nothing until closed as far as the actions that would affect kind of the combined companies. But as far as OpEx going forward, as we said to you before, 335 and then a steady decline with Emulex getting further and further along the way on their cost cutting, I think is the way we look at it. And then also remember, we have the bonus reset in Q1. So, we are ahead of plan above 100% right now. So, we are accruing above 100% and you will see that and it will tail off in Q1. So, flattish to -- again, as Hock said, we are not guiding Q1 but I think you can kind of see where its headed for Q1.
Vivek Arya: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Hi, Hock and Tony. Congratulations on the strong results. I guess, Hock, I will go back and ask another question around FBAR, thats a follow-up from Viveks question. But if you look, clearly in the fiscal fourth quarter you guys are benefiting from the ramp of a new phone. That ramp should probably be largely over by the end of October going into the January quarter but you still are clearly undersupplying the overall market for FBAR and you have a lot of confidence. You are building capacity at a pretty healthy clip for the next fiscal year. So, I guess Im just trying to figure out to what extent did the North American guide does see some seasonality going forward, you can find homes for that capacity in any given quarter or is that not how the dynamics works, is it going to take time for you to get incremental content out of Chinese smartphones?
Hock Tan: I see what you mean. No, right now, our fab is -- as it has been for the past 12 months obviously, has been completely full and we expect it to continue to run full through to the middle of next year. Thats based on what we can see in terms of line of sight. Beyond that frankly, Im not sure and as I pointed out correctly, it would give us any opening, any additional capacity coming on the line going forward, coming from additional capacity would be very welcome by us in terms of our ability to then ship to various other customers. And you point out one group obviously, some of the Chinese customers, which we feel we want to be able to support very well and which weve been trying very hard to do as much as we can. But our capacity as I mentioned continues to be rather constrained.
John Pitzer: Thats helpful, Hock. And then I guess as my follow-up. On the enterprise storage segment, you did a really nice job kind of going through the different product lines within that division. I might have missed it but I was kind of curios. Could you talk about what the HDD trends were in the just reported fiscal third quarter and then you talked about in the guidance for fiscal fourth quarter, the expectation of a seasonal uptick for HDD, just given some of the lackluster data points around PC builds, help me understand little bit better why you are confident you are going to see kind of that seasonal increase on the HDD side within enterprise storage? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Well, to begin with, a lot of our HDD revenues are coming from HDD products sold into nearline vertical data centers, enterprises. We virtually do zero products into notebooks, limited amount only into desktops and most of our revenues, most of our share resides in enterprise and what you call near line datacenters. So obviously that does have some impact with this entire seasonality that weve seen over last several months as we mentioned last quarter too. As PC weakened, we have seen some of that. But that impact has been mitigated by continuing demand from enterprise and data centers and so there is certain level of offset. Having said that, I'm not for second saying for the last several months that our HDD business is up, it's not. But yes, we believe weve seen bottom and we believe that there will be some improvement as we head out over the next several months. And perhaps, part of it is due to our emphasis on enterprise and data centers.
John Pitzer: Thats helpful. Thanks again, guys. Congratulations.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Thanks. Hock, in addition to just some of the broad-based uncertainty out there, theres also in recent months been some uncertainty about the data center. It look like your commentary was pretty strong on both ASIC and fiber optic. But I was hoping you can expand on that in terms of the trend you're seeing at kind of traditional data centers as well as with the Hyperscale customers?
Hock Tan: Okay. If I give the impression that data centers are booming, I apologize. Its not intended that way. But we do see our business of various products we have into the data centers, [bereft] [ph] from certain amount ASICs, fiber optics and certainty into enterprise storage for data centers. We do see stable and in many cases, uptrend demand over the last three months and we continue to see that trend continuing in this quarter. While Im not saying its super strong but we do not see weakness either. 
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And within the trend you are seeing is there anything from new customers? I know you -- I think you called out two customers. But is there something that might be helping you as well in terms of does it expand the customer base or traction at specific customers?
Hock Tan: Are you refering to the wireless segment?
Craig Hettenbach: Not just staying with data center.
Hock Tan: Data centers, its an expanding base for us. But many of our customers are fairly large OEMs. Most of them are. Some of that are perhaps end users but most of them are OEMs and we do not see any dramatic shift in the selection of customers we service in this enterprise storage or wired segment.
Craig Hettenbach: Okay. And maybe just a quick follow-up for Tony. Just on the very strong gross margin performance. There could be some elements of mix in there, but also maybe from a manufacturing or cost perspective, can you discuss just the trend youve seen in gross margins and sustainability in that segment?
Tony Maslowski: We are very happy with the gross margin performance. But as we've always said, we've got some -- when we actually report, there is a lot of perfection in our yields and the fab utilization. As Hock mentioned, weve been 100% now for probably going on five to six quarters. So, again, we think there is good sustainability. The fab will stay full. We hope that yields will stay up. We wont hit any excursions but I think that we broke the 60 number. We are guiding to a 60 number. We are pretty confident that is something that's sustainable going forward.
Hock Tan: And if I could add to that, I think we also are benefiting from a fairly strong attractive product mix. If you look at our enterprise storage, industrial and wired networking business, the point I made is very stable. It continues to be on a steady uptrend and those are extremely good gross margin business. As they keep expanding, we get a benefit of operating leverage.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thanks for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hey, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. I guess the first one Hock from the highest of level, you described that your business is stable when others are seeing severe volatility. I know you specify the customers, the segments, et cetera that you address. But in general, what do you attribute that stability to, because it seems somewhat odd for example that your enterprise storage and your industrial business would be up high-single digits quarter-over-quarter on a core basis when others are seeing weakness? Can you talk a little bit about why you think its different for Avago?
Hock Tan: Well, I guess, maybe the best way, we are now one single product end market business as you all know. And in fact, weve 12 separate products in those four end markets throughout separate operating divisions and throughout separate product lines, somewhat even larger. And you might see each of them in a niche market of their own. So when you -- not all up at the same time, not all down at the same time. Combined consolidated, or aggregated as a whole, we have been able to see and we have seen it now for the last 12 months, I would say four quarters, a very stable progression of our business. What is more volatile as I point out in my closing remarks too is, in enterprise storage, why an industrial? Multiple segments, multiple natures of perhaps offset each other, but there is also end market largely that because of perhaps of the natures have been able to exactly stable. And the only thing that is small, I would call it seasonal, and it recurs with fairly regular frequency now so far for the last few years is our wireless business. And that sits on top off of extremely firm foundation. And thats the best way to describe our business.
Ross Seymore: Great. Thanks for that. And I guess one thats a little bit more housekeeping for Tony. In the past, you talked about paying down some of the debt on our balance sheet. I know you had a bunch of puts and takes in this quarter itself. But any sort of overall guidance you can give us on cash usage between now and when Broadcom is going to close. Is it a safe assumption to say you will be building up your cash balance? Or are there some other puts and takes like you had in this quarter that we should be ready for?
Tony Maslowski: Just one word matrix, just going straight to the matrix. So again, there is a few things that are going on, but its really just marching towards the close. So dont expect anything too surprising. There will be some small immaterial things here and there where we pay for a pension and so forth, but again nothing material.
Ross Seymore: Perfect Thanks. Congrats again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Hi, good afternoon. And congratulations on the solid quarterly execution. If I -- perusing your financial filings, 50% of your revenues get shifted China, but obviously this is somewhat of a misleading number because only a portion of this actually gets consumed in China, obviously the rest gets shipped to the rest of the world. Do you guys have a sense of what percentage of your revenues actually gets consumed in China? China domestic smartphones, wired, wireless infrastructure and so on. I assumed its a much smaller number than 50% of your revenues, but anyway you guys can quantify?
Hock Tan: Its definitely a much smaller number than what we report as where we ship our products. As you correctly pointed out, thats to a lot of contract manufacturers who produce and re-export. And to answer your question, what percent, not a clue, its very hard.
Harlan Sur: Okay. Thanks for that Hock. And then on the storage and server connectivity segment within the enterprise storage business, obviously you guys are expecting good growth during the October quarter. Can you just help us understand the drivers? Is it 12 gig SAS, is it RAID, is it PCI, or is it your fiber channel-based products, or maybe a combination of all of the above? And then I guess just a final question is, is your custom enterprise SSD controller segment also contributing to the growth in the October quarter? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Thank you. The past answer on enterprise storage, as you know, we have a broad portfolio of products, some going into servers and some going into external storage. So thats the degree of a mix here. But broadly, as I said, we do have a broad portfolio of products, which have been very helpful in basically balancing out the portfolio and the revenue mix. And as long as that end market in enterprise networking but more so in data centers, hyper data centers build-out, we have been able to see sustained demand. I wont use the word strong demand, but we dont see a decline. Were seeing very, very stable demand that has been on this trajectory for the last six months. We are not seeing it ramp, but weve seen in stable and we have not seen it decline significantly for any sustain period either. So thats the best description of how I could characterize what were seeing here today, which is why our forecast for Q4 is structured accordingly. And as to your second question, would you mind repeating that?
Harlan Sur: Yes. Just wondering the team has seen strong growth in your enterprise SSD controller product line. I am just wondering if thats also contributing to growth in the October quarter.
Hock Tan: Thats still a small part of our business and its really not that meaningful. And while I did mention it and thats because of a sharp ramp-up, I would not say to be necessarily something that is very meaningful as to the fact the overall portfolio at this time. But we do see significant ramp up in that business that were in, which is very customized flash controllers for enterprises. And we have been able to benefit from that very nicely, but its not that substantial.
Harlan Sur: Thanks, Hock.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Chin from UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Chin: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Hock, question for you if I could, in terms of competition in the wireless business, but I think its still clear that your FBAR technology by the measurable leads on an apples to apples basis compared to other filtering technologies. But as some of your competitors introduced more highly integrated front end modules with either FBAR, TC-SAW filters combined with power amplifiers. Can you talk about how those type of growth customers? Is that highly integrated, how that might compare to your overall pad solutions from a toll subsystem or front end module performance perspective? And what kind of locations they might have from a competitive standpoint longer term?
Hock Tan: Okay. Thanks for question. First of all, I want to clarify the RF solution we specialized in and that drives a lot of revenues as you correctly called them in front end modules. And within it comprises several discrete, multiple discrete elements, largely FBAR filters, one FBAR filter for each frequency band. And combined into a front end module, different discrete elements may constitute as you correctly call it a front end module pad for RF cellular as a receiver and transmitter. And in this case, in this particular phenomenon, the physics is what dictated. The filters, certain filters, certain bands, frequency bands require FBAR filters in order to perform adequately. FBARs and certain other bands could do without FBAR filters and need only use SAW filters. And where we excel and where we have a very strong market position, obviously are in those phones we requiring frequency bands that can only perform adequately with FBAR filters and thats where our market position is. For those bands and those front-end modules because of that that can do with SAW filters, we dont participate in it because well our performance is still far superior as SAW filters is adequate and go for much lower price. So in that sense, youre comparing apples and oranges. There are certain bands, were not competitive or we are not well-represented and are not competitive, even though our performance maybe very good. And for other bands, they require FBAR filters to achieve certain performance for the phone makers and we are very well-represented there. And thats how we compete. We differentiate ourselves from largely the SAW filter guys.
Steven Chin: Got it. Thanks for that color. And as my follow-up and I think question for Tony, in terms of the expected capacity increase for FBAR filters, you guided to another 50% growth for fiscal 16. Just wondering if you have any additional color on how that breaks down in terms of expected unit growth, in terms of mobile devices as opposed to certain content growth in existing or new devices incrementally?
Tony Maslowski: Well, again I think obviously, Hock said that were continuing this 50% growth for next year. Not really have any comment on unit growth or anything like that.
Hock Tan: So we obviously belief and that has been to be our philosophy and our policy on capital expenditures is that we still have a line of sight towards specific demand before we put in that capacity increase and sometimes because of that as were seeing over the last 12 months or more, we like demand. But having said that by putting 50% for next year, were pretty certain were going to meet that capacity and use it.
Steven Chin: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Srini Pajjuri from CLSA Securities. Your line is open.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you. Hock, a question on wireless. On a like-for-like basis, what kind of ASP declines do you normally see in FBAR? And then as we head into next year, given that the hyper growth is probably behind us, what sort of ASP trends should we expect?
Hock Tan: We dont think very hard about ASPs in the products were in. And its not just wireless typically, its across most of our product lines. And a big part of it is our products are very highly differentiated and we offer performance, we offer solutions to our customer and not to mention, usually our products come in and its good for few years, in the case of wireless maybe a year or so and then a new generation takes over. And when the new generation takes over it adds an additional features, addition capabilities, so its very hard to do like-to-like. And we really have stopped looking at ASP degradation in our overall business.
Srini Pajjuri: Okay. Great. And then follow-up on China. You said you were still a capacity constrained. Given that China is driven by mostly reference platforms, I'm just curious as to how well youre positioned within these reference platforms? And as you get more capacity online, how quickly can you address this market?
Hock Tan: Okay. Typically, the products we sell, we sell the RF Envelope. I mean, this is the extreme of envelope performance kind of product. We sell RF Envelope. We do not sell additional mixed-signal platforms. And so as I mentioned and answer to an earlier question, our core focus products are filters. And there are some bands, even those in China that require FBAR filters versus the more ubiquitous SAW filters. And they would be required even in many kinds of platform as discrete solutions. And we have obviously no issue about selling discrete FBAR filters to phone makers in China who require that filters in order to be able to perform well at those specific bands. On top of that, there is this phenomenon of what you call phone operators, trying to win multiple bands, trying to uplink or downlink as a single pipe and thats part of the phenomenon of carrier aggregation. And they really do carrier aggregation very well, which we are very good at doing. You really want to have FBAR filters operating in that regard. So that provides us the additional opportunity to position our product. And thats something we obviously have been working on very, very vigorously.
Srini Pajjuri: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon, guys. Two questions for me. One, if I look at the October guide to gross margins, you are guiding it flat to down a little bit even though sales are up 6% sequentially and the wireless business, which I assume is a higher margin business is ramping the strongest. So what are the offsets in October that lead to your flattish or down gross margin trends when mix of revenues on your favor?
Tony Maslowski: Well, again, what we've always said is, our print on gross margin is usually against the backdrop of, there has been perfection in the fab. And so what we do is we just say, were never going to price it for our perfection going forward, so that's all you're seeing there. There is nothing there that says that were not confident, that we might be able to overachieve that number, but it just, thats not our way of thinking about gross margin on a go-forward basis.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And then just in the enterprise side, could you talk about in dollars how much Emulex contribute in the quarter? And then you have $109 million assets held for sale on your balance sheet line item, just talk about what exactly that includes?
Tony Maslowski: Sure. So Ill answer the last question first. So through all the various acquisitions, weve had a couple of building. So we have a building that we inherited from Emulex that was owned, which is about $45 million in that asset held for sale and a couple of small buildings as well. And then also remember with the Emulex transaction we had a security business that is not core to Avago, a security appliance business called Endace and thats about another roughly $40 million of that. And then as you might have seen we had a sale of a certain part of our business to on higher earlier this week and that makes up the remainder of that asset held for sale. Its a big number, because its $100 million, but it's roughly building businesses and its most recent transaction.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Doug Freedman from Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
Doug Freedman: Great. Thanks guys for taking my question and congrats on the strong results. If I could at least I want to make sure I fully understand the 50% increase in FBAR capacity. When you're measuring capacitor, you are talking about a 50% increase in wafer output and I would think that with the mix of business moving to higher frequencies in FBAR, those I believe use smaller amounts of die space? So are you looking for a larger increase in units than the 50%, if that 50% in fact is wafers? Can you just offer some clarity there?
Hock Tan: Yeah. There is a bit of mix dynamics and I dont want to answer it wrong a halfway and give you the wrong sense going forward. There are a couple of dynamics and we are not sure where this all thing will fall out. But you are right in that regard, each new generation of FBAR filters on our -- on every 6-inch wafer which we are still using, each of those filters do become typically smaller. But however there is a change in the mix, so because depending on which band is used, some of the filters are larger and/or small -- and might be larger than even the mix than the bands, the other bands they are replacing. So there is one dynamic that goes the way. Two, keep in mind this is, as we sell more and more of those bands, which in our phone you might add, which is a content increase in phones we've been espousing all this time and its true, which is every the new generation of a phone either Galaxy or otherwise would tend to contain more bands. The world phone concept, the broader roaming concept, more bands will get into a phone. The scale up is pretty substantial and the way we address this scale up is we make filters smaller which help, but also they than pull into a front-end module as I mentioned before of pad as we go, which basically was with power amplifier within the module. And as you will probably know, the number of power amplifiers remains substantially the same, even as more filters go into the same module. So basically our leverage on revenues on those pads effectively become less which are mostly saying that thats a price discount the more bands of FBAR filters we sell in each quarter. And that does happen and thats counter obviously to in terms of a linear ASP increase as a number of bands increase. So there is these two mix of dynamics and end results of that is, yes, a 50% increase in capacity wafer does not necessarily mean a similar increase in revenue a year from now.
Doug Freedman: Okay. Terrific. Thanks for that color. If I could move to one of your smallest segment, Industrial, Hock, I believe you made the comment that you shift less into distribution and they shipped out that you reduced their inventory. Can you give us a sense by how much you believe you reduced the distributors carrying inventory in the quarter?
Hock Tan: I dont have the data on me. Thats pretty specific and precise. Probably by almost a few weeks of carrying inventory is the best way to describe. Precisely, I dont have any. And its not the same every location. As I say, China and Americas was okay for us so we probably reduced it less but in Germany -- in Europe and Japan, we probably pulled it back much more.
Doug Freedman: Terrific and again congrats on the really strong results. Thanks for allowing my questions.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the last question that were going to be taking today is from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Kulin Patel: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. This is Kulin Patel for Ambrish. I have a question on the enterprise storage, the fiber channel portion of business. Your competitor saw weakness in their reported results. Can you comment on what youre seeing in fiber channel?
Hock Tan: Well, I mean, fiber channel is a business that is faced with roughly on a long-term gradually flat to declining trend. Dont kid ourselves there. Having said that, new generation pops up and hands us the ASP. So overall in dollar terms, this is not far from being flat and we have seen demand been flat is the best description I have, the best way to characterize it. Its flat.
Kulin Patel: Okay. Thanks. And question of store capacity, in the past call, youve talked about moving from six inch to eight inch. Can you comment on your progress on that and when do you expect more of your production to be on eight inch for the FBAR?
Hock Tan: Well, right now and into fiscal 16 going forward, beyond this quarter, we will only have one line, maybe about 10%, 15% of our capacity going into 8 inch. And that conversion is going very nicely. We got the know-how technology kind of figured out and locked in and so not more than 10% or so. We wont get to the point where we will convert all to eight inch until 2017 is my belief and so whole new project. But what were seeing now, which is in production or going to production is an ability to obviously do the conversion on one line.
Kulin Patel: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Thats all the time that we have for questions for today. So I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing remark.
Ashish Saran: Thank you, Operator. Thank you for participating in todays earnings call. We look forward to talking with you again when we report our fourth quarter fiscal year 2015 financial results.
Operator: That concludes Avagos conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-05-27 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Avago Technologies Limited conference call to discuss its definitive agreement to acquire Broadcom. My name is Steve, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Director of Investor Relations, Ashish Saran. Please proceed, sir.
Ashish Saran: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We will be covering 2 topics today. First, Avago's Chief Financial Officer, Tony Maslowski, will review Avago's second quarter financial results and business outlook. Then he will turn the call over to our CEO, Hock Tan, to introduce our guests and discuss our proposed acquisition of Broadcom. We will only take questions after prepared comments. Press releases on both topics and supplemental information on the transaction are available in the Investor Relations section of Avago's website at avagotech.com. In addition, this conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback and will also be archived in the Investors section of our website. During discussion of earnings, Tony will be providing details of our second quarter fiscal year 2015 results, background on our third quarter fiscal year 2015 outlook and some commentary regarding the business environment. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Avago reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. As a reminder, today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding our future business performance and the expected timing and completion of the proposed transaction as well as financial impact to Avago. These statements include risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements made on this call. Please refer to our press releases today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on specific risk factors. Now let me turn the call over to Tony.
Anthony Maslowski: Thank you, Ashish, and good morning, everyone. In light of the Broadcom announcement this morning, I will provide an abbreviated review of our recent business highlights and second quarter fiscal 2015 financial results. Complete second quarter financial results and third quarter guidance is included in our earnings announcement, which was released earlier today. As you are all aware, we closed the Emulex transaction on May 5, 2 days into our third fiscal quarter. Accordingly, Q3 guidance will include expected contributions from Emulex. I want to remind you that my comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise specifically noted. Revenue of $1.65 billion in the second quarter represents a decrease of 1% from the prior quarter. Revenue from the Industrial and Wired segments came in better than our expectations. The Wireless segment performed as expected, as we saw weaker-than-expected revenue from the Enterprise Storage segment. Gross margin and earnings per share came in much stronger than expectations, driven by favorable mix. Moving on to our segments starting with Wireless. In the second quarter, revenue from our Wireless segment declined by 13% sequentially and compared to the same quarter last year, Wireless grew by 66%. Looking at the third quarter of fiscal 2015, we expect growth to resume in our Wireless business with a high single-digit sequential revenue growth. We are expecting the start of a ramp in a large handset OEM as they transition to their next-generation platform. We also expect to continue the product ramp we started in the prior quarter at another large handset OEM. Turning to our Enterprise Storage segment. In the second quarter, Enterprise Storage revenue came in below expectations, declining by 4% sequentially. The sequential decline in Enterprise Storage was primarily due to the well-known weakness in the HDD end market. Our server and storage connectivity businesses had a strong quarter, driven by broader adoption of our PCI Express switches. Starting with our third fiscal quarter, Emulex products will become a part of our server and storage connectivity businesses. In our third fiscal quarter, we expect a seasonal uptick in our HDD business and our custom SSD controllers to continue to ramp. We expect our core server and storage connectivity businesses, not including Emulex, to maintain their momentum and contribute a similar level of revenue in the third quarter. Collectively, with Emulex, we expect our Enterprise Storage segment revenue to grow close to 25% sequentially. Moving on to the Wired Infrastructure segment. Our Wired segment performed better than expected in the second quarter, with revenues increasing by 10% sequentially. ASIC revenue was up by double digit sequentially. Fiber optics revenue was also up from the prior quarter, led by an increase in 40 gig shipments. Please note that the prior to the third fiscal quarter this year, Avago sales to Emulex were included in the Wired segment results. But starting with the third quarter, these sales will become intercompany transactions and will be eliminated from externally reported Wired segment results. For the third quarter, we expect our Wired segment revenues to decline by low single digit sequentially. The decline is entirely due to the impact of previous Emulex revenue-generating transactions being eliminated. Turning to our Industrial and Other segment. In the second quarter, our Industrial and Other segment revenue increased by 38% sequentially, well above expectations due to higher-than-expected licensing revenues. Industrial resales were up slightly from the prior quarter. Looking into the third quarter of fiscal 2015, we expect to continue to see replenishment of our industrial product inventory at our distributors and expect industrial resales to sustain from the prior quarter. However, after the sharp spike in the second quarter, we expect a large decline in licensing revenue in the third quarter, which will drive overall segment revenues to sequentially decline by about 20%. So in summary, at the midpoint of guidance, our third quarter consolidated revenues are projected to grow by -- grow to $1.74 billion or up, close to 6% sequentially. Now turning to a few items on our financial results. Foxconn was a greater-than-10% customer in the second fiscal quarter. Our second quarter gross margin from continuing operations was 61%, which was above our guidance range of 57.5% to 59.5%, primarily due to the higher-than-expected licensing revenues, which carry a higher gross margin than our corporate average. Total operating expenses for the second quarter were $297 million, $3 million above guidance, primarily because of higher-than-anticipated spending on certain R&D engineering materials and higher payroll taxes due to stock option exercises. Taxes came in at $40 million in the second quarter, slightly above our guidance. This was primarily due to higher net income than forecast. Second quarter interest expense was $53 million. Other income net was $12 million, resulting from a number of items including gains from foreign exchange and interest income. Our share-based compensation in the second quarter was $57 million. In the third quarter of fiscal 2015, we anticipate share-based compensation would be approximately $82 million. In the second quarter, we spent $177 million on capital expenditures. During the quarter, we also paid $605 million to reduce our outstanding term loans. As announced earlier this month, on May 5, 2015, 2 days into the third quarter, we paid $583 million in cash to acquire all outstanding shares of Emulex Corporation. With the completion of the Emulex acquisition, Emulex's 1.75% convertible notes are convertible at an increased conversion rate until June 30, 2015, under the fundamental change may call provision of the notes. As a result of the acquisition upon conversion, noteholders will receive cash based on the $8 per share acquisition price. If all holders elect to convert their notes during this period, it will result in a cash payout of approximately $180 million in the third quarter. However, at this time, we do not know how many noteholders will elect to convert their notes. As mentioned, we will take questions on our Q2 results at the end of this call. Now I will turn over to our President and CEO, Hock Tan.
Hock Tan: Thank you, Tony. Good morning, everyone. First, I would like to mention that with me on this call today, our special guests from Broadcom, Dr. Henry Samueli, Cofounder, Chairman and CTO; Scott McGregor, President and CEO; and Eric Brandt, CFO. I'm also privileged to have Avago's Chairman, Jim Diller, with us today. Now this is an important day in the evolution of both Avago and Broadcom. The combination of our companies create a global diversified leader in communications semiconductors, with a combined enterprise selling of approximately $77 billion. This transaction adds a significant number of category-leading franchises to the Avago platform. As you know, Avago has established a strong track record of successfully integrating companies onto our platform. We currently estimate annual run rate synergies of at least $750 million to be achieved within 18 months after the close of the transaction. And over the medium to longer term, we intend to bring the combined company to a level of profitability -- operating profitability consistent with Avago's long-term target financial model. This transaction will immediately be accretive to non-GAAP earnings per share and cash flow, which we believe significantly enhances long-term shareholder value for both Avago and Broadcom shareholders. Turning to the next slide, Slide 4. The combined company will have annual revenues of approximately $15 billion, which makes it, in our view, the third-largest semiconductor company in the world in terms of revenue. Moving on to Slide 5. This combination creates a diversified communication semiconductor company, with a balanced mix of revenue across wired and wireless end markets. Additionally, Broadcom's broadband business provides new end markets within our wired segment. It is important to note, Avago maintains a strong position within its Enterprise Storage and Industrial segments, and we will continue to strongly invest in these businesses. Turning on to Slide 6. And so in the past, we have communicated the importance of delivering proprietary and differentiated technology to drive leadership positions in the markets in which we compete. As you already know and see in this slide, Avago has a proven roster of leading franchises across a diverse set of technologies: RF, fiber to ASIC technology, which have contributed to a strong financial performance and highly profitable business model. As you further see on that slide, with Broadcom, we will add several new category-leading franchises where we do not overlap today, enabling us to continue building the leading communications platform in the semiconductor industry. Broadcom's heritage is rooted in delivering broadband and video service to the world and as such, the company is a category leader in silicon solutions for broadband access and set-top boxes. Within the data center and networking infrastructure, Broadcom's leadership in Ethernet and PHYs is a testament to its significant investment in proprietary silicon and software products. Lastly, to capture the opportunity afforded by the proliferation of wireless and connected devices, Broadcom has established a leading position in integrated and discrete connectivity products. On Slide 7, you can see that the combined business will be levered to numerous secular growth trends in the Wired Infrastructure and wireless communications markets. The proliferation of LTE, 4G otherwise known, and other wireless devices around the globe is driving an increase in the amount of semiconductor content device, an explosion in the amount of data traffic running through public and private data centers. We believe we are in the beginning stages of enhanced networking within the home as people use their wireless devices to connect to various entertainment, security and comfort functions that are all driven by pervasive broadband access. The acquisition of Broadcom will allow us to leverage these secular growth trends more deeply across all of our business segments to drive our financial performance. With that, I will now turn the call over to Broadcom President and CEO, Scott McGregor, for his remarks.
Scott McGregor: Thank you, Hock. This is a landmark day in the history of the industry, and we, at Broadcom, are very much excited to be part of it. It's been an amazing journey in the 10 years since I've been CEO of Broadcom. We've successfully expanded our leading franchises for the wired and wireless end markets. We successfully expanded our footprint and franchise in a range of markets, including set-top boxes, broadband access platforms, connectivity for portable devices and switching for the enterprise data center and service provider, all as we strive to realize our mission of connecting everything. The company generated just over $2.5 billion in revenue in my first year as CEO, and we grew that to over $8 billion in 2015. We've worked hard to establish a reputation for financial discipline, profitable growth and returning capital to shareholders. I'm proud of the Broadcom team for these accomplishments and thank them for all their hard work and tireless dedication. The journey is not over though. Today's news is exciting because it better prepares the combined company for the next step in that journey. As we've discussed at previous Broadcom Analyst Day events and investor events, the industry is changing, and we believe that to deliver success for both our customers and shareholders, significant size and scale are becoming increasingly important. The combination of Broadcom and Avago makes us better prepared for that next step. We believe the transaction benefits all of Broadcom's key stakeholders. Our customers will gain access to greater breadth of technology. Our employees will benefit from opportunities as part of the third largest semiconductor company in the world. For our stockholders, the transaction provides both compelling upfront value as well as the opportunity to participate in the future upside of the combined business. We are very proud that the entity that emerges from the combination of Broadcom and Avago will carry the Broadcom name. The new Broadcom will build on the strengths of both companies to emerge as a leader in both the communication markets as well as the broader semiconductor industry. With that, I'll turn the call back to Tony.
Anthony Maslowski: Thanks, Scott. On Slide 8, we highlight what the combined businesses will look like from a financial perspective. As you have seen, Avago has a proven operating model with industry-leading margins and a history of successfully integrating companies onto our platform. Using last 12 months' data, the combined company will have over $15 billion of revenue and approximately $5 billion of combined EBITDA before any synergies. We expect to achieve $750 million of annual run rate cost synergies within 18 months from the close of the transaction. As Hock previously mentioned, we intend to bring the combined company over time to a level of profitability consistent with Avago's long-term target model. Under the terms of the definitive agreement, Avago will acquire Broadcom for $17 billion in cash consideration and the economic equivalent of approximately $140 million Avago ordinary shares valued at $20 billion as of May 27, 2015, resulting in Broadcom shareholders owning approximately 32% of the combined company. Based on Avago's closing share price as of yesterday, the implied value of the merger consideration for Broadcom is $37 billion. For each share of Broadcom, shareholders will have the ability to elect $54.50 in cash or 0.4378 ordinary shares in a newly formed Singapore holding company, HoldCo, or a restricted equity security that is the economic equivalent of 0.4378 ordinary shares of HoldCo that will not be transferable or exchangeable for HoldCo ordinary shares for a period of 1 to 2 years from the closing of the transaction or a combination thereof. The shareholder election will be subject to a proration mechanism based on the total merger consideration of $17 billion of cash and approximately 140 million shares and share equivalents, which is anticipated result in the payment in the aggregate in the range of 50% cash and 50% equity for the transaction. Upon closing of the transaction, Avago shareholders will exchange their ordinary shares for HoldCo ordinary shares on a 1:1 basis. We will be financing the transaction consideration with a combination of newly issued equity, $8 billion in cash from the balance sheet of the 2 companies and $9 billion in fully committed debt financing. Closing of the transaction is expected by the end of the first calendar quarter of 2016 and is subject to regulatory approvals in various jurisdictions as well as approval of Avago and Broadcom shareholders. Moving to the final slide, we provide some additional detail on the transaction financing. Avago has secured $15.5 billion in committed financing for the transaction, $6.5 billion of which will be used to refinance existing Avago and Broadcom debt facilities. Current debt to last 12 months EBITDA today stands at 1.8x, which is down significantly from the 3.8x at the time we announced the LSI transaction. Pro forma for the transaction and inclusive of the $750 million of expected synergies, debt to LTM EBITDA will be 2.7x. The committed financing is in the form of fully prepayable bank facilities with limited financial covenants. We'll provide more details of the financing towards the close of the transactions. I will now turn over the call for questions. Operator, can you please open the line?
Hock Tan: Okay. [Operator Instructions] Please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question which comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Congratulations on this announcement. Hock, just 2 quick questions for you. Do you see any areas of potential divestiture in the combination, anything that might be needed either from a regulatory perspective or to meet your profit goals? And Part B is, what is driving the $750 million in cost synergies? If you could give us some color on whether it's from a COGS perspective or OpEx perspective. And I have a small follow-up.
Hock Tan: Okay. Let's take the first question first. The 2 are obviously somewhat interrelated, but let's handle the first one first. First, of which you have a couple of points. The first point is -- there is -- there are little, if any, overlaps of the products of the 2 companies. That is a very interesting part. They're both fairly substantial companies in the semiconductor space, but the overlap is 0, minimal advance but 0, and even though we may serve common customers, common strategic customers on our side. So that's very good in terms of consideration on the divestments from any regulatory request. We don't believe there's any overlap. In terms of the second part, which is for financial considerations, it is very premature at this point for me to be able to comment on it, simply because we are not as familiar as we should be with Broadcom's various businesses. We are very well aware of the strong franchises that -- sustainable franchise, I would say, that exist out there will apply the same criteria we have applied in the past when we look at the portfolio. But that's not something we will do immediately. And so at this point, I really don't have an answer for you except to say, we'll probably -- we'll apply the same methodology we have used before very successfully to hook very sustainable, successful franchises on a common platform. On the second part of synergy -- on the second part, on synergies, the straight simple answer is this, the synergy's run rate -- annual run rate we're talking about of at least $750 million a year, first of all, it does not include any anticipated portfolio restructuring. These are purely synergies arising from overlapping support functions, be they sales, ex-G&A, the usual function of G&A and probably some common engineering functions that both companies have in order to support the various product lines. So these are straight off. We only support functions. We have not factored in as yet any portfolio risk benefits from portfolio restructuring. Okay, Tony, you want to add anything to it?
Anthony Maslowski: No. Again, similar to the game plan with LSI, this is purely in the area of synergies that Hock mentioned. It's not contemplating any types of portfolio restructuring, so it's really in that first bucket. And again, similar to the LSI transaction, we're talking about 18 months to get there. So some of it will come fairly quickly and some of it will come near the end of those 18 months as we integrate the 2 companies.
Vivek Arya: And maybe as a follow-up, if I may, to Henry or Scott, congratulations also on this transaction. And I'm just wondering if this was a competitive bidding process? Were there other discussions? Are there any kind of restrictions? If you could give us some background, sub-color behind this transaction.
Scott McGregor: Vivek, we'll be able to share more about that when we put our proxy out, which will come out as fast as we can here in the next month, but you'll be able to read all the details of the transaction in the proxy.
Operator: The next question, from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Echoing, congratulations on a big deal. I guess on the cost side of the equation, Hock or Tony, the getting to the 30% gross margin you put in the slide deck, the $750 million get you there from the 30% to the 40% long-term target. I know you're not going to give us any specific details, but conceptually, can you talk whether you think that's more cost-driven, revenue-driven? Any sort of general framework would be helpful.
Anthony Maslowski: As I mentioned earlier, Ross, it's -- Phase 1 is really around the pure synergies, and we might outperform those synergies as one category you can count on. Then we get into some level of potential portfolio restructuring. And then obviously, like I said, as you know, with the LSI transaction, our long-term goal is the same, get it to the Avago model.
Ross Seymore: And I guess as my follow-up goes for Hock or Scott or Henry, you guys haven't mentioned anything about revenue synergies. That's typical at this point in a deal, but can you just talk about where you think the 2 companies can be complimentary from a revenue perspective?
Scott McGregor: I think, it's early days and hard to really get a good assessment of that, Ross, at this point. But one of the things we did observed when we were going through talking about our businesses with each other is how often we appear in the same kinds of boxes, and the same kinds of devices. We might do an SSC on one device and Avago's in the connectors. Or in the phones, they're in the FBAR filters right next to many of our components. And so I think the opportunity here is to look for those kind of synergies and also to bring a lot more value to our customers in providing a more complete solution.
Hock Tan: And to add to that, Scott is 100% correct. We believe with this broader portfolio of products under one umbrella with -- and common customer base, which we see very, very clear across, we believe we can add a lot more value to be more relevant to those key strategic OEM customers.
Operator: And your next question come from the line of John Pitzer from Crdit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Let me echo my congratulations with everyone else. I'm going to keep my questions I think onto the Avago core business. Hock...
Hock Tan: Could you give me a second, please. Operator, I think -- could you speak out, operator? For some reason the line is kind of hard to hear.
Operator: I have increased the volume on John's line.
Hock Tan: Okay, thank you.
John Pitzer: Hock, is this any better?
Hock Tan: Much better.
John Pitzer: Okay, perfect. Congratulations along with everyone else. Hock, I guess, I'll keep my questions more to the Wireless business at Avago. Just on the FBAR, you mentioned that the fiscal third quarter is going to see a ramp at a large OEM customer for their new product. I'm wondering if you could help us understand how you think FBAR content will trend with that new product. And I guess more importantly, I'd love to get an update of FBAR penetration into the China LTE market and kind of how the capacity plans are going for FBAR for the remainder of this calendar year?
Hock Tan: Three questions there. We'll try to take it one by one. On the first question, you should know, I mean, in general, the general trend in high-end smartphones is that the number of bands those smartphones -- those high-end smartphones, as generation progressed, continue to support, continue to increase very, very linearly in our view. So from one generation to the next, we are seeing significant increase in our content. And by the way, in many of those where we -- in many of those, we are selling not just discrete FBAR. I was excited to say, we're selling RF front-end modules, which includes integrated in the module, not just multiple filters, FBAR filters, to cover multiple bands, but also power amplifiers with it. So it is definitely a continued increase in content, dollar content. On the second question related to FBAR in China, yes, there's continuing increase in demand for FBAR for use on China LTE bands as penetration of those phones increase. We continue to be somewhat limited in our ability, obviously, to directly support this market, except in an indirect method, a manner through large OEM or large global OEMs. And our limitation, obviously, relates to the third question you asked, which is our capacity. Our capacity increase in FBAR set continues to expand and continue to expand according to plan, which is what is enabling us to significantly, as Tony indicate, increase our revenue in our Wireless business sequentially this quarter from last quarter, and we'll likely continue to increase our revenue in Wireless next quarter compared to this quarter.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach: Hock, I think it's a very exciting opportunity with the networking, particularly within the datacenter where both Avago and Broadcom have strong franchises. So can you comment a little bit in terms of the combined portfolios and what type of leverage you could see as you look to attack the datacenter?
Hock Tan: At this point, I mean, we are still operating very clearly as distinct separate companies. We each -- in the case of Avago, we offer solutions on enterprise storage. And in the case of Broadcom, they are offering switches -- Ethernet switches and Ethernet controllers, and I'll let Scott expand more on that. And both are all very distinct products to the same customers. As I say, we like to believe there is some synergies in terms of our broader range of products supporting the same customer in a much more value-added way. But at this point, it's kind of early for us to predict how we're going to manage this in any fashion.
Craig Hettenbach: Okay. And any comments from Scott on the Broadcom side?
Scott McGregor: No, I agree with Hock. I mean, I think we have a number of complementary products and there'll be opportunities to provide just both a broader footprint within many of those customers and offer more value to them.
Craig Hettenbach: Okay. And if I can move to the core business. Tony, as you mentioned, that's not a big surprise at this point, the weakness in HDDs, but it sounds like that business improves into the July quarter. Can you talk about storage, the split between kind of servers and what you're seeing maybe on the PC front?
Anthony Maslowski: Well, again, I think what we see is the HDD, some seasonal recovery in the back half. And remember, we're more focused on desktop and enterprise.
Hock Tan: Let me expand slightly on that, thank you, Tony. And Tony is 100% correct. We saw, as we reported in Q2, our last quarter, a decline in our [indiscernible] in our businesses in both source [ph] rechannels as well as preempts into the hard drive in the space and it's -- and unavoidably. However, the positive side is our concentration, or I would say, our focus in the HDD, in the hard disk drive industry are largely in the near-line space, which are largely in datacenters, some in enterprise -- high-end enterprise rise and almost nonexistent in notebooks and mobile 2.5-inch drives. So while we are affected obviously from some of the high-end enterprise and some from desktops, near-line continues to be holding up very well, and this is where we have a very strong market position. And we're not very much -- we are not affected by the softness that exist in notebooks. So overall, while our business decline in Q2 in hard disk drives, as we reported, our decline is probably less than you would expect reading hard disk drive industry trends. We are also seeing stabilization of demand from our key customers on our components into the hard disk drive market, and we also see -- keep in mind, our current quarter, Q3, extends to the end of July as opposed to a calendar quarter. So we are seeing definitely a level of stabilization. And as we indicated -- Tony indicated in his remarks, likely uptick by the end of this quarter in demand on hard disk drives. And part of it is because we're very much in datacenters, near-line demand, and that business continues to be pretty strong.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Congratulations to both teams. This question is for Henry. Broadcom had a very strong model of centralized engineering to kind of maximize the developed IP across the BUs and the product lines. As you look at the Avago capabilities in the R&D model, can you just kind of compare and contrast the development styles?
Henry Samueli: Sure. Broadcom does leverage a lot of centralized IT development across our different product lines, especially given the fact that we are so SOC or system-on-a-chip focused. And I think we will be able to incorporate some of that activities in the Avago model because there's some SOC activities there as well. For the non-SOC-type businesses, obviously, they're very different and operate fairly independently. So I think it's going to take some combination. It will just take a very close look after the deal close. We'll sit down and see where we can leverage, centralize and where we can't. And we'll just make intelligent decisions on partitioning engineering to be the most efficient possible to maximize the profitability of the company. So it's still premature, but I think it will probably be some blended approach as we go forward.
Harlan Sur: Great. And then can the team help us understand how we should think about the tax rate of the combined entity on a go-forward basis?
Anthony Maslowski: Yes, sure. So obviously, we have our tax rate at Avago ticked up slightly during the LSI thing. So we're traditionally at this kind of 3%. We're now currently at 6% on a non-GAAP basis. Broadcom has a very good tax rate in the low single digit as well. The combined rate will be somewhere between the 2, but obviously we have to take our time because it's a pretty complicated structure going forward. So I would say it's going to be no worse than the Avago trending down to a number between the 2 over time.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
J. Steven Smigie: I'll add my congratulations as well. I'm just curious, as we look at -- combined some of these products on the wireless side, I guess as I look at to the call and say Broadcom WiFi solution that requires, I think, or connective solutions require some sort of our power amplification, would it be the case now that -- when Broadcom or the combined [indiscernible] device, a reference design that would now automatically include the Avago power amplifier or other RF components? Or would that still be open to other RF players?
Scott McGregor: Well, certainly there's an opportunity to provide some value. Many of the, for example, wireless LAN chips we do today already integrate power amplifiers, but there are many opportunities for filters and other parts. And so I think one of the great opportunities of putting these 2 companies together is now that we offer so many more technologies, we can create better integrated solutions and create a much more complete platform. So I think that's a real-added value going forward.
J. Steven Smigie: Okay, great. And then Hock, Just a follow-up question on the Wireless business. Is there anything that Broadcom brings to the table that can allow you to create more sophisticated assets used going forward or front-end modules?
Hock Tan: On the RF front, it's a bit [indiscernible] falls to fully -- to really get into it. As you probably know, our strength -- and that by itself offers an opportunity, obviously, that we don't know exact. Because we have been -- Avago has been focused in the RF front, while [indiscernible] very much on cellular bands related to the RF side, especially filters and power amplifiers. There's obviously a lot of silicon SoC requirements that Avago has never been able to or have never focused on levering on or taking advantage of. And obviously with this combination, our managers, we will be much more sensitive to such opportunities, and it could offer that. But at this point, it might be a bit premature to speculate.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steven Chin from UBS.
Steven Chin: Congratulations on the deal as well. My first question is regarding sort of the use of the combined cash of the company. Just given the Singapore holding company for the final entity, just wondering how the usage of Broadcom's offer for cash will be handled or immediately be available for using this skill as part of the cash that was mentioned in the slide, first of all.
Anthony Maslowski: So we intend to repatriate some of their cash and there'll be some small tax burden connected with that. And then long term, we'll be able to use the cash produced by Broadcom onshore as well as the Singapore cash will remain the ability to move it anywhere around the world. There will be a portion that will continue to build up offshore in the long-term model.
Steven Chin: All right. And as my follow-up question on the custom SSD controller business, I was wondering if some of the growth that you're seeing there now, is that on the enterprise SSD market still and is there any client share gains potentially as well.
Hock Tan: Now on that question and to clarify, I assume you are referring to customized controllers for SSDs. We are largely, as in our hard disk drive side, in enterprise. And the growth we are seeing a lot is in demand for SSDs in datacenters, especially on the near-line side. So we're seeing a strong demand, as I mentioned earlier, when it comes to hard disk drives, there's a lot of demand for storage in datacenters, especially from cloud guys and for SSDs and we are seeing a strong ramp in those sectors for our products.
Operator: And that your next question is from the line of Vijay Rakesh from Mizuho.
Vijay Rakesh: Congratulations, Hock. Just a couple of questions, wondering what the combined company will look like in between in terms of mix between the different segments, the Wireless Infrastructure and Storage? And also if there's any customer concentration between the segments?
Hock Tan: Well, in Slide # -- I forgot, I think, 5, we have attempted to put the combination in terms of revenue by end market. And without having the number -- specific numbers eyeballing it, I would say between Wired Infrastructure would be the largest segment and that might probably be about 40% -- less than 40%, 35%, 40%. Wireless would be about 30% and between Enterprise Storage and Industrial, it will be another 30%. So in rough now numbers, we would have Wired Wireless as the biggest component, with Enterprise Storage still a significant component.
Vijay Rakesh: All right. Any customer concentration there and also are you going to break up of the...
Hock Tan: Well, it's an interesting question on customer concentration because if you direct about it, in Avago, as you know, our business model turns on the fact that we develop proprietary very differentiated solutions for winners in various respective markets, especially niche markets where we can offer very strong solutions, which our targeted customer can use to expand to grow their market position, maybe not surprisingly. And because of that, we get customer concentration on the Avago side. Not surprisingly, Broadcom follows a similar strategy. And so combine the 2 companies, yes, I would continue to see the kind of customer concentration that exists in those 2 -- these 2 separate companies and there will be customer concentration.
Vijay Rakesh: Great. Any thoughts on any breakup fee here?
Hock Tan: We like to think there never will be.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Romit Shah from Nomura Securities.
Romit Shah: The long-term margin target that you've set up for Broadcom, does that exclude stock option expense for both companies? Tony, as you probably know, Broadcom includes ESO and their non-GAAP EPS where I think you guys excluded.
Anthony Maslowski: Yes. So this is excluded.
Romit Shah: Okay. And then I have to ask Hock. Are you worried about someone coming in and outbidding your offer?
Hock Tan: Well, it's good to be paranoid. And to be honest, I don't know the answer to that. We do the best. We put the best -- our best foot forward. There's a lot of synergies. There's a lot of common culture, thinking between the 2 companies. And I like to believe that the company and that with our -- the structure of this transaction, which is both cash have also shares of the final combined entity, so that it would be private hard price for anyone to try to match it on equivalent basis, let's put it that way. So yes, we feel a little paranoid. But at the end of the day, we think we put a pretty strong deal forward to what I believe is a very great company.
Operator: And your next question, from the line of Srini Pajjuri from CLSA Securities.
Srini Pajjuri: Let me add my congratulations to both teams here. Tony, on the balance sheet, you're raising about -- I guess, the gross debt is going to be about $15.5 billion. Just wondering in terms of the debt capacity, how do you feel about it? And if going forward, if there are further opportunities that come along in terms of M&A, how should we think about it? And then the combined entity is probably going to generate anywhere from $6 billion to $7 billion in free cash flow fairly soon. So if you can talk about the priorities for the use of the cash.
Anthony Maslowski: Okay. So first things first, you won't believe me, but we always have some capacity and we'll take some time to digest this deal. The debt we're putting on is smaller than what we did on the LSI thing, so there is still some capacity there. This is a big deal to digest going forward. So we'll be opportunistic at best in the next couple of years. The other side of it is use of cash is still a traditional Avago use of cash in that. First off, it's for internal use for our CapEx needs. Secondly, it would be some type of debt paydown to a level that is sub-2 -- 1:2 EBITDA to debt ratio type thing. And then finally, the last one is the dividend and then the long distance of any type of share repurchase. So that priority is the same.
Srini Pajjuri: Okay, great. And then maybe one for Hock. Hock, I mean looking at your long-term model, I think the margin profile looks pretty solid but top line, 5% is not bad. But given how much you guys are growing and given, I guess, if you excelled base band business from Broadcom, I think they are probably growing north of 5%. Just curious as to why only 5%, why not a bit more?
Hock Tan: Let me clarify something, Broadcom doesn't have base band any longer, if I hear you right. So let's take that out. But that aside, no, you're right. See, our key focus on a business model long term, as you put it, is very sustainable growth, such various multiple sustainable franchises in a very strong niche market that we like. And our keyword is sustainability. And I know over the last couple of years, you've seen us obviously exceed those numbers we are putting. But that's short term, that's very -- in my view, that is short term. For long-term model, we like to believe that we still continue to grow, but I don't think I want to put in a very -- what has been a period of very strong growth over the last 2 years as representative of what we can sustain for the next 5 years. For us, we put 5%. It's probably conservative, but it's certainly something we believe is very achievable and very consistent to the concept that we are in multiple sustainable franchises that keeps grinding on nicely for us even 5 years from now.
Operator: And now our last question from Ian Ing MKM Partners.
Ian Ing: Yes, congratulations on creating a tremendous entity here. The long-term target, 60% gross margins, I mean, Broadcom running below that. I mean, do you expect to get there through product mix like FR? Or can you get some procurement scale and things like sourcing out wafers?
Hock Tan: To be honest, all of the foregoing. We don't lose any opportunity. We've done over every route, but you're right, 100%. We believe that is -- that by broader portfolio of products, greater value added to our core group of customers that we would be able to offer higher-value products and with it, higher margin, obviously. We also, as you correctly say, we have -- on the fairly -- on a more a unique basis, our FBAR fab continues to expand. And we're going to -- by the beginning of next year, as you know, 8-inch from 6-inch, and that has -- it's not just about just supplying more wafers and more revenues. It's also about reducing our wafer cost by at least 30%. So that's cost reduction. And then finally, as you also indicated, combining 2 supply chain organizations under 1 umbrella would also create synergies and help obviously reduce our cost of goods sold or otherwise improve gross margin on a marginal basis. So all of the following, we believe will get us sustainably above 60% gross margin long term.
Ian Ing: Okay. And then my follow-up is on this thing, on your taxes. I mean, obviously, domiciled in Singapore. You've got tax holidays and tax breaks. I believe those are more of a fixed nature. So if anything, we should expect tax rate to increase? Or are there some ways to increase the Singapore tax holidays?
Anthony Maslowski: So again, the 2 entities, Avago will continue down its tax rate and obviously as the LSI acquisition gets further along, it will actually decline over time. I think the Broadcom tax structure is very safe and very sustainable as well. It's just get to a melded number there at the end of the day.
Hock Tan: Okay. Since Henry Samueli is here, to ask Henry to say a few things about his perspective on this combination and the opportunities that will slightly arise from it.
Henry Samueli: Well, thank you, Hock. I am very excited about this transaction. I mean, we've taken 2 great companies and created an even greater company. Third-largest semiconductor company in the world with an amazing breadth and depth of portfolio of products, very complementary, almost no overlap. It's going to be a remarkable future for us once this deal closes. And I am really honored and privileged to be able to serve as the Chief Technology Officer of the combined company and look forward to working with all the employees both on the Broadcom side and on the Avago side to drive this company to even greater heights in the future. So thanks, everybody, and look forward to the future.
Hock Tan: Equally, I'm very excited, especially by the fact that Henry believe in it to come over as Chief Technology Officer because, as you guys know, Avago and Broadcom has shared common culture in this respect. We compete, first and foremost, on innovative and technology-based solutions. That's why we -- that's where we have our strength in this marketplace, and it's great. Combine 2 companies if the strong heritage of engineering, execution and technology innovation into under 1 umbrella to be, frankly, the largest communication semiconductor platform in the world. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Everybody, good day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-02-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashish Saran - Investor Relations Hock Tan - President and Chief Executive Officer Tony Maslowski - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Carlos Renegachie - Charter Equity Research Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Steven Chin - UBS Steve Smigie - Raymond James
Operator: Welcome to the Avago Technologies Limited First Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ashish Saran, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ashish Saran: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tony Maslowski, Chief Financial Officer of Avago Technologies. After the market closed today, Avago distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the first quarter fiscal year 2015. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Avagos website at www.avagotech.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at avagotech.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tony will be providing details of our first quarter fiscal year 2015 results, background to our second quarter fiscal year 2015 outlook and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Avago reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ashish. Good afternoon, everyone. Now I see all are aware today we announced the Acquisition of Emulex Corporation. Emulex is very complementary to Avagos enterprise storage businesses, and aligns very well with the Avago business model. It is a leading supplier of fiber channel and related products selling primarily into server and enterprise storage OEMs that Avago currently serves with our SAS rate and PCI Express switching and fiber optics products. We expect this transaction to allow us to offer one of the broadest suites of silicon and software storage solutions to the enterprise and data center markets. Now I would turn on to more mundane matters related to our recent business performance. And Tony will provide a summary of our first quarter fiscal year 2015 financial results. Revenue for our first quarter was $1.66 billion, an increase of 3% from the prior quarter. In particular, wireless growth was much better than expectations with revenue growing sequentially versus the flat to slightly down outlook we had provided during our fourth quarter earnings call. Wired and enterprise storage held up well but industrial did show seasonal declines. Now turning to a discussion of our segments, starting with wireless. In the first quarter, as noted, revenue from our wireless segment grew 6% sequentially. Wireless represented 40% of our total revenue from continuing operations. And compared to the last quarter last year wireless revenue grew 90%. Within the quarter, we saw stronger than expected demand from our large North American Smartphone OEM, which shall remain nameless, and by which enable us to achieve another quarter of record wireless revenue. Given these levels of growth, coupled with our expectation for additional FBAR filter content in upcoming Smartphone generations, we expect to remain capacity constrained through the balance of this year even as we continue to grow our FBAR capacity over the next 12 months. As you know, we have expanded our Fort Collins fab capacity multiple fold over the past few years but demand has continued to exceed expectations. Turning to second quarter of fiscal 15, similar to prior years, we expect a sharp seasonal some even call it product lifecycle related decline and demand from our large North American Smartphone OEM. However, this decline is expected to be partially offset by product ramp and another large handset OEM where our designs have resulted in substantial RF content. Nonetheless, we do expect wireless revenue to decline sequentially somewhat in the low-teens. Year-over-year however, we expect to maintain our trajectory of strong growth in this business with second quarter revenue projected to grow over 65% from the same quarter last year. Our strategy and capability to offer highly integrated RF front-end solutions incorporating very high performance above filters has been a key driver of our success. Moving on to enterprise storage. In the first quarter, enterprise storage revenue came in as expected growing about 5% sequentially driven by strength in enterprise and data center spend. Enterprise storage represented 29% of our total revenues from continuing operations. In HDD - in hard-disk drive, revenues grew by mid-single-digit sequentially. In server and storage connectivity, we also had a good first quarter, with revenue growing in the mid-single-digit sequentially. This growth was driven by the start of the granularly-based server refresh cycle as well as a strong attach rate for our 12 gigabit SAS and rate solutions. Looking forward to the second quarter, in server and storage connectivity, we expect strong growth from increasing adoption of our PCI Express switches and sustain SAS and rate shipments. While we expect to see seasonal decline in hard-disk drives, our custom flash controller business in NAND have been ramping. Putting these factors together, we expect low single-digit sequential revenue growth for our enterprise storage segment. On to wired infrastructure and enterprise segment. Our wired segment performed somewhat below expectations in first quarter, revenue declining by 1% sequentially. Wired revenue now represents 21% of our total revenue from continuing operations. ASIC revenue was up slightly on a sequential basis with strong growth in Ethernet switching, thanks to our various OEM customers, partially offset by declines in carrier routing and high performance computing. As expected, our fiber optics business declined from that of the prior quarter. We saw a growth in power optics shipments into carrier routing more than offset by expected declines from our Ethernet and standard Ethernet transceiver products, especially 40 gigabit, which took a pause after a strong fourth quarter. However, the second quarter of fiscal 15 in this segment is looking very different. We expect growth in both our ASIC businesses and our fiber optics business. In our ASIC business, we actually expect very strong growth from enterprise switching and routing as well as in storage. In fiber optics, were expecting more moderate growth in 40G shipments driven by increase in demand from the hyper scale data center market. And we are also continuing to see strength in fiber optics demand from fiber to the home and LTE base stations especially in China. As a result, we expect at least mid-single-digit sequential growth for our wired segment. And finally, moving to industrial, in the first quarter, our industrial segment performed below expectations with revenue declining by 4% sequentially. Industrial represented about 10% of our total revenues from continuing operations. Re-sales in this segment declined sequentially in this very seasonally weak quarter, with broad declines across all regions except Asia which remained stable from that of the prior quarter. As you know, we recognized revenue on shipping - to our shipping bases to our distributors. And during this period our industrial product revenues that is shipped into our distributors also declined at a consistent rate to industrial resale as we maintain very tight inventory in the channel less than two-months net inventory. Looking in the second quarter of fiscal 2015, we expect sequential recovery in our industrial segment. In particular, were seeing strength in North America and Europe, reflecting this recovery and the need to replenish and the need and demand I would add by distributors to replenish the very low levels of inventory at these distributors, we expect to see sequential revenue growth in the mid-teens for our industrial business. With this, let me summarize. Im pleased to report that we had a very strong start to fiscal 15 with 3% sequential revenue growth in the first quarter due to strong quarter in wireless, good growth in enterprise storage despite flattish wired infrastructure demand and a decline in industrial. Turning to second fiscal quarter, as in past years as you may know, we have only seen sharp second quarter sequential declines in our wireless business due to seasonal product cycles in the handset markets. This is no different, and we are expecting our wireless revenue to be down in the low teens from the prior quarter. However, what is different this year is we expect it to offset most of the wireless decline with strength from our three other segments, wired up mid-single-digits, enterprise storage up low to mid-single-digits, industrial up in the mid-teens. And as a result, we expect our second quarter consolidated revenues to be roughly flat from that of the prior quarter. With that, let me now turn the call over to Tony for a more detailed review on first quarter fiscal 2015 results.
Tony Maslowski: Thank you, Hock, and good afternoon everyone. Before reviewing first quarter fiscal year 2015 financial results, I want to remind you that my comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise specifically noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included in the earnings release issued today and is also available on our website at www.avagotech.com. Revenue of $1.66 billion in the first quarter represents an increase of 3% from the prior quarter. Revenue from our wireless segment came in better than our expectations. The enterprise storage segment performed as expected, and we saw weaker than expected revenue from the wired and the industrial and other segments. Foxconn was a greater than 10% customer in the first fiscal quarter. Our first quarter gross margin from continuing operations was 59%, which was just above our guidance range of 56.5% to 58.5%, primarily due to better revenue mix and higher manufacturing yields. Turning to operating expenses, R&D expenses were $210 million and SG&A expenses were $83 million, driving total operating expenses for the first quarter to $293 million, $8 million below guidance, primarily because of the lower than anticipated spending on certain R&D engineering materials. Due to capacity constraints, some materials initially intended for R&D projects were instead used to build products for customer shipments. And we expect this to continue in the second quarter. As a percentage of sales, R&D was 13% and SG&A was 5% of net revenue. Operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $681 million and represented 41% of net revenue. Taxes came in at $35 million for the first quarter, slightly below our guidance given a quarter ago. This was primarily due to a change in the jurisdictional mix of income and the retroactive reinstatement in the quarter of the U.S. Federal Research and Development tax credit. First quarter net income was $596 million and earnings per diluted share were $2.09. First quarter interest expense was $54 million. Other income net was $4 million. Our share based compensation in the first quarter was $49 million. The breakdown of the expense for the first quarter includes $6 million in cost of goods sold, $19 million in R&D and $24 million in SG&A. In the second quarter fiscal 2015, we anticipate share based compensation to be approximately $52 million. Our annual equity grant will typically occur in the second fiscal quarter of the year. Starting this fiscal year, were switching to a solely RSU-based equity award program, instead of a combination of option and RSU awards. Just as a reminder, our definition of non-GAAP net income excludes share based compensation expense. Moving on to the balance sheet, our day sales outstanding were 39 days, an improvement from the prior quarters 42 days. Our inventory ended at $500 million. Days on hand were 67 days, which decreased 3 days from the fourth quarter as we reduced inventory which we had built up in prior quarters to support the strong growth in our wireless segment. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $2.6 billion and we generated $481 million in operational cash flow. Our first quarter is also when we pay our annual bonuses relating to the prior fiscal year. In the first quarter, we spent $162 million on capital expenditures. On November 18 2014, in our first fiscal quarter of 2015, we closed the sale of the Axxia business and received approximately $650 million in cash. On December 31, 2014, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.35 per ordinary share, which consumed $89 million of cash. This dividend was raised by $0.03 from the prior quarter. Since the inception of our dividend program in second quarter of 2011 to date, our financial performance has allowed us to increase our dividend each quarter. As a reminder, our board reviews and determines our dividend policy on a quarterly basis. Based on our financial performance and condition, the contractual provisions related to our outstanding indebtedness and other factors deemed relevant by our board. During the quarter, we did not repurchase any shares. In the second quarter of 2015, we anticipate paying approximately $600 million towards reducing our outstanding term-loan which will reduce our annual interest expense by about $22 million based on current interest rates. In addition, as we announced today, we expect to invest approximately $600 million for the Acquisition of Emulex Corporation. And we currently expect this transaction to close in the second half of our fiscal 2015. We expect this acquisition to be immediately accretive to earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis. We plan to align Emulex with Avagos business model over the course of our fiscal year 2016 and once aligned, we expect Emulex businesses to contribute approximately $250 million to $300 million in annual net revenue with improved operating margins. Now let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for second quarter of fiscal year 2015. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business condition and we do not intend to update this guidance. This guidance is for results from continuing operations only. Net revenue is expected to be in the range of down 3% to up 1% from the first quarter. Gross margin is expected to be 58.5%, plus or minus one percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated be approximately $294 million. Taxes are forecasted to be approximately $37 million. Net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $49 million, which anticipates paying approximately $600 million towards the reducing of our outstanding term loan within the quarter. And finally, the diluted share count forecast is for 289 million shares. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
John Pitzer: Yes, good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on the strong results. Hock, I guess, my first question is around FBAR capacity and CapEx. CapEx in the January quarter was down sequentially, a little bit lower than I would have thought. Are you guys still on target for sort of that $600 million for the year and by how much do you think that that will increase your FBAR capacity and how do we think about linearity of that spend?
Hock Tan: Why dont I let Tony take that on, especially on your CapEx?
Tony Maslowski: So, were still on track for full-year $600 million. We had probably about $15 million to $20 million that were right on the edge of the quarter that could have gone either way. And thats why we guided to the new number for Q2. And then, as we said before, we believe that FBAR capacity will increase significantly this year.
Hock Tan: By the end or to be more precise, by the middle of next year, we expect our FBAR capacity to be double what it is currently.
John Pitzer: Hock, thats very helpful. And then, I guess, maybe sticking on FBAR as a follow-up, so the North American customer comes down in the April quarter but thats offset by content growth at another customer. Im kind of curious if you can give us Hock, an update on what youre seeing relative to FBAR content in the China market specifically and how you think that might trend over time?
Hock Tan: Well, its never a monotonic increase in capacity, but then its a question that always we think about real hard. But its just that as more and more phones become multiple band enabled, where you can roam multiple locations. And now, if you ask specific, thats broadly worldwide. But if you ask specifically China, there are multiple categories of those phones in China, even if they are Smartphone. They are those unique to China. And for those phones that are smartphones that are unique to China, obviously the Chinese LTE bands, by the way, are very much bands that do use a very what I call friendly to FBAR usage. And couple that with the tendency to make them Wi-Fi enable and then you basically increase the number of bands requiring FBAR in those phones. So to answer your question, the Chinese phones tend to be very FBAR friendly. Now its not always that way because there are ways they can do to curtail performance and therefore substitute FBAR for, perhaps, lower performing SAW filters. And they do, do that, and theres a mix of that going on right now, particularly with the capacity constraint. But over the long term, from phones that are basically multi-band three-mode phones, going to five-mode phones, as they call them in China, you just need a fairly significant increase in FBAR content.
John Pitzer: Very helpful. Thanks, Hock, and congratulations again.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. And, Hock, you once again managed to surprise us with your acquisitions. Now if I look at consensus estimates for Emulex, it shows around $400 million of revenues, at around $40-ish million of net income. But I believe, Tony, you said about $250 million to $300 million of revenue, so I just wanted to get some clarification around those numbers.
Hock Tan: Sure. So basically well still go through the same process where certain parts of the business work closely. And what we believe is that its going to be closer to that as the exit of 2016. So, we believe thats the revenue that we can keep long-term. And as you can tell, what that number and then we improve some of the operating margin, its definitely accretive to future numbers.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And as my follow-up, Hock, you mentioned additional FBAR content in Next Generation phones with your flagship customers. Is that due to additional bands or are just traditional filters being replaced by FBAR? Im just trying to understand, is overall RF content going up in these flagship phones or are you gaining more share?
Hock Tan: No, its architecture. Its really related to RF architecture and its an RF architecture that pushes a lot and allows a lot more bands to be crammed into very limited space in smartphones to be able to handle multiple, multiple bands for world-roaming phones. And its putting them all into modules, front-end modules which both includes power amplifiers and FBAR filters. So, its really architectural related and ability to contain many more bands within the same limited constraint space.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Gihan [ph] calling in for Ross Seymore. Hock, I was wondering, if you can discuss and give a little bit more color on some of the strategic drivers behind the Emulex Acquisition?
Hock Tan: Sure. But I really dont have much at this stage to add on than what I provided in my opening remarks which is, we believe fiber channel is an interest and fiber channel over Ethernet as well, that includes then. Its a very interesting obviously connectivity protocol. And we are very big in enterprise storage as you know, particularly after our integration - acquisition integration of LSI. So we do have SAS as I said, we do have a setter and PCI Express with PLX acquisition and the need for high density port solution on data center connectivity. So we come across fiber channel very often adjacent to the sockets, adjacent to the systems and chips that we provide to those same OEM customers in enterprise and data centers. So its a very logical and strategic next step for us to add fiber channel and fiber channel over Ethernet into our suite of component solutions and software.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. And in the quarter, the wired business was down a little bit more than you had expected. Given the performance of one of your customers Nexus 9000 products, we would have thought it would have come in a little bit higher. Can you discuss the growth that we should think about for the year in the wired business?
Hock Tan: Well, its probably more where the quarter cuts over and the timing of shipments and all that. And by the way were not really down more than we expect. Were down 1% overall. And I call that flattish more than down. And youre right, it didnt grow as much. But since we are making up for it, in this current Q2 quarter where we expect to see high single-digit growth in our ASIC shipments to our various Enterprise networking customers.
Ashish Saran: Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, thanks. And a follow-up question on Emulex. As you get that portfolio to where you see the business, the run rate exiting 2016, can you provide a sense of just how longer term, what the growth outlook could be for that? And then second, just kind of within Emulex, just your approach having gone to LSI, just some background there.
Hock Tan: Well, we see that this fiber channel business is really a fairly - a very sustainable stable business. We see that long term, well, medium term let me phrase that, in the mid-single-digit growth. Its a kind of business where we see a lot of barriers to entry, obviously. And we see a very unique technology which is very hard to replicate because of all the criteria that fits our business model. And we basically see a necessity to focus on the strength of this business, fiber channel fiber channel over Ethernet. And all that ties together for a kind of business and particularly coupled with the fact that this Emulex sells to the same kind of the enterprise OEM customers that we currently sell, with our server storage connectivity solutions. And so, all that ties together to make sure its a very natural extension to our enterprise storage business. And we see that, our model is mid-single digit growth annually, and improving profitability as we manage this the way we manage the rest of our businesses as Tony indicated.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And if I could follow-up on the ASIC business, if I go back to the Analyst Day a couple of years ago, you had talked about gaining share. Since that time you even added LSI. So, can you talk about where you stand in terms of some of the expected share gains you expect in ASIC and then also the visibility to which typically tends to be a little longer term in that market?
Hock Tan: ASIC, I never think of ASIC in terms of market share. Fortunately I just think, ASIC, we pick and choose our ASIC customers very carefully. And we support those customers simply because we have very unique technology and very expensive technology in some ways. And in ASIC as you know, the business is tough to scale, unlike standard or ASSB products. So, our business strategy in ASIC is very strong IP and we basically are rather selective about the customers, usually OEM customers and not necessarily OEM customers, we do support certain specific data center customers too, but very selectively. And we tend to only select those where we believe we have opportunity to grow our business very well with the particular customer we support ASIC with. And to answer your question, in the last three years, we have been very successful. And in integrating in the LSI ASIC business to Avago Classic, which is ASIC business before the acquisition has combined to provide a business thats pretty, thats doing very well in the sense that its roughly $700 million to $800 million. And it has financial criteria that, meets what we need that what we need to keep reinvesting. And generating really state-of-the-art technology in terms of process libraries, in terms of the bad service in a marketplace and the most robust set of IP in memories and processing. So, its a business model, we believe has been very, very successful. And wed like to see the same with, by the way our storage portfolio.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Thanks for that Hock.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Jim Covello: Congratulations on the excellent results. Maybe first picking on the Emulex theme, obviously theres been a pretty intense competitive environment over the years with QLogic in that space. When you think about that mid-single-digit revenue growth youre targeting, how much are you factoring in additional incremental competition and balance that against some of the incremental capability that you can add in filters or other things into that market?
Hock Tan: We do balance both in, and we believe by the way that the market is relatively stable, maybe you call the word bottom-out, but I call it stable. And what brings in a lot of stability to the market is Jim, as you probably may know is fiber channel over Ethernet as well, which sort of counteracts some perhaps slight declines in certain situations like Unix-based servers. But overall we think it is there. And we believe we can bring in certain capabilities, certain features and performance that would enable us to grow this not much but we believe in the mid to low single-digits. Thats pretty much where - what all were looking for. And for us to be able to do that and focus on it totally, would also enable us to create operating margins, operating returns on our investment and operating margin as Tony indicated, close to the range of what we are used to for the rest of our businesses. And it wont happen over time, probably take a year.
Jim Covello: Sure, sure. And for the follow-up, you mentioned the 90% year-over-year growth in wireless. Can you help us disaggregate that between unit growth in the market and then against new customer wins and then that architectural dynamic that you talked about driving incremental growth with existing customers? So can we disaggregate it between market unit growth, Avago customer wins and then the third bucket being that architectural dynamic driving increased content? How would you break that 90% down?
Hock Tan: Well, Jim, you just answered your own question, impossible because we are comparing apples and oranges. There is definitely a change in architectural content. And as we go into new architecture of integrating into front-end modules, multiple bands of power amplifiers and filters in one module, you can compare it to a module that used to have two bands to one that now has nine bands. And so the content increases, the dollar gets priced differently. It was, Im not trying to evade your question but I dont have an answer for you except to say that its very different. And the market is evolving, is evolving into its an architecture, especially where high-end smartphones, which is where a lot of our applications, a lot of our products go into - to be honest, into high-end phones. Those high-end phones can afford the rather high performance very space constrained architectures that our solutions, RF solutions provide. In low-end smartphones, and some of them like Tri-mode phones in China, where theres only a limited number of bands needed. They can probably make do with discreet filters and power amplifiers. And they do. And we dont really compete much in those areas. We tend to compete it towards the new architectural phones. So year-on-year thats been a distinct change.
Jim Covello: Sure; thats very helpful. Thank you and congratulations again.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder of Charter Equity Research. Please proceed.
Carlos Renegachie: This is Carlos Renegachie [ph] for Ed. One for Tony, there has been several comments over the last few quarters about your filter fab running full, but youve also said that CapEx or expanded more capacity pays for itself well within a year. So given the rate of spending that you guys have had all through 2014, is it safe to assume that the capacity of your FBAR fab was materially higher at the end of 2014 than at the beginning?
Tony Maslowski: Yes, thats correct. And as Hock mentioned, were going to go through another doubling here some time in 16 - mid 16 or so. So no, we still believe in 16, we still firmly believe that the CapEx spending in FBAR is wildly justified. And again, were still very, with a cautious to eye to say that we only build what we need to build. So, yes, this last year has been probably earmarked with kind of a 100%. And the current year is probably also as weve mentioned, capacity constrained as well. So, not much of the dynamics have changed significantly there.
Carlos Renegachie: And then as a follow-up and along those same lines, about mid last year, you guys directed a lot of your capacity to your largest customers. Do you feel like you got enough headroom in FBAR to take back or expand your share of bar filter demand outside of your largest customer this quarter?
Hock Tan: I guess, the best way to answer your question is the honest way which is, were very much on allocation of our FBAR capacity today. And weve been that way now for the last several months. And we expect to be that way for the next several months.
Carlos Renegachie: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman of RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Doug Freedman: Great, thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on the strong results. Im going to ask an FBAR question as well and then Ill follow-up with a NAND question. On the FBAR, since youre doubling your capacity, if I look at your revenue run rate and youre continuing to run that capacity full, we could be looking at well north of $1 billion in a single quarter for your FBAR business. That business does appear to run at above average corporate margins. Would you like to offer whether theres something wrong in the math that Im running and whether we should be thinking of a new peak gross margin number for your model next year?
Tony Maslowski: Thats a lot of things youre throwing into same mix. Number one, $1 billion a quarter sounds fairly extreme and the reason is simply, this could be, first, were nowhere close to $1 billion a quarter here as you know. I mean, 40% of our revenues right now is not quite there yet but I know what you mean by doubling of it. It may be one quarter but its not the whole year. So, I just want to make that point. You could get there in one quarter and at the right point at the peak season. But it wont sustain because of the seasonality of product lifecycles of the players in it. So, thats - I hope that answers your question. In terms of gross margin, sure, we have never made any bones about whether that that has been a ceiling to our gross margin. All we have said is we dont know where it is, but over time as our product mix and our business became more and more efficient and our product mix hit the right spot, hit the sweet spot of certain markets. And, sure, we do see continuing improvement or expansion of gross margin, and you see that last quarter. And youll probably see that again in our guidance this quarter. And its all related to product mix.
Doug Freedman: Absolutely, no, the numbers have been fabulous.
Tony Maslowski: Thank you.
Doug Freedman: The one thing I see investors have some questions regarding if the business that you sold off that services the NAND controller market versus your commentary on your introductory remarks that you have a custom NAND controller. Can you may be clear up a little bit or clarify what it is that you sold versus what pieces of the business you continue to invest in?
Hock Tan: Yes of course. Whether you pick up the little thing, but it is a fair question. Yes, we sold off our, we sold our business as well as intellectual property and capability in developing standard flash controllers for solid state drives and we did that. And we sold it off, and we do not have any standard flash controller capability of nor products nor revenues right now in our product portfolio, we sold it all off, happily too because we believe we are not prepared to keep investing into display which we believe could get very competitive. Having said that we do retain, some intellectual property and capability within our hard disk-drive division - operating division when similar capabilities exist in terms of designs understanding how to develop flash controllers for custom flash controllers. And we do that for very selected customers sort of in a form of ASIC flash controllers for enterprise market specifically on low volume on specific customers. And we continue to do that because that part of the business retains behind reverse. And we have the capability inherent within our hard disk-drive division, our SOC division. And if it makes money, wed be happy to do it. But it is really, its really not the standard flash business, very different from the standard flash business which we sold off.
Doug Freedman: Great. Congratulations again.
Hock Tan: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Congratulations on a solid quarter. On the wired business, the team has been benefiting from the transition to 40 gig in the data center; however, with these new initiatives starting in the second half of this year around 25 gig and 50 gig, does this end up being another growth driver for you guys for both the ASIC and for your fiber optics business?
Hock Tan: Yes. I dont know about whether it can be a new growth driver but certainly a lot of demand for programs for us to look at develop, so these that will - and from service developing switching, fabric that dries 25 gig, and even 50 gigabit. Were by the way, we are I think one of the very few guys today with silicon, working silicon that can drive what I call 56 gigabit PEM4. I got to put in that little bit of propaganda and let you guys know that. And that drive the 50 gigabit standard that is now being promulgated through IEEE. So, this, obviously offers us opportunities given our capabilities in these specific areas, yes.
Harlan Sur: Thanks for that, Hock. And then on the enterprise storage, with the 12 gig SAS rate controllers and storage connectivity product segments, can you just kind of help us understand where we are in that upgrade cycle? Is this a tailwind for enterprise storage for the next 12 months or longer and just kind of more of the near-term strength coming from HPC or hyper scale or traditional enterprise or all of the above?
Hock Tan: A lot of it is coming from combination. Then, as you know, as youve been hearing there is a momentum in enterprise spending and data center build-out and spending and going on. And as that happens. We couple that, we then launch of Intel Brantley that supports 12 gigabit from the previous generation 6 gigabit. So, yes, there is a tailwind as we go to that refresh cycle as it always happens would be the case and in this case, in service enterprise driving server storage connectivity. So, were benefiting from that. And thats partly why you see our business growing sort of mid-single-digit sequentially so far in the last couple of quarters or son. Its helped by this push that launch late last year.
Harlan Sur: Great.
Hock Tan: That doesnt - that wont sustain forever, but so far so good.
Harlan Sur: Thanks, Hock.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Steven Chin of UBS, please proceed.
Steven Chin: Great; thanks for taking my questions, another question on the networking business, if I can. For your ASIC, I was wondering if some of the recent I guess, M&A going on in the foundry/ASIC world, if that is benefiting you at all or not in terms of new conversations with potentially more ASIC customers? And also related to that, can you talk a little bit about how the BiDi optics at one of your customers, how that demand is proceeding so far?
Hock Tan: Okay, let me answer the first one. On the BiDi thing, I hate to say because its exclusive to a particular customer. And I dont really want to comment on it, Im sorry about that. I hope you dont mind. But because its exclusive to a particular customer, I prefer not to comment on it. Now coming back to the ASIC consolidation, I dont really see that much of it on our side. And part of the reason for it is, as I say in ASIC were not out there looking for market share. We have very unique capabilities in the sense of we are very low power, we are very leading edge process technology to working with TSMC, but were very, very robust serializer, deserializer, very strong robust IP in memories, as well as processing. A lot of that not just from Avago Classic but with LSI combined reverse and greater relationships with selected lease of OEMs. And who are somewhat winners in so far, in the enterprise networking business so, as they grow, we grow along with them and as I mentioned upon the remarked earlier. So, as a particular customer announced a gain in share, we do see benefit of that. Having said that sometimes were also supporting another customer who doesnt so they cannot balance themselves somewhat but because of our unique technology and our unique business model of trying to select various - be very selective of the customers we support, with tends to lend itself to very large successful OEMs. We do not see that much all these M&A activity youre referring to down at the ASIC business.
Steven Chin: Okay, thats helpful. Thanks, Hock. And just as a follow-up in terms of, again, the wired infrastructure business, looking a little further out beyond the current, at least mid-single-digit sequential growth that youre guiding for in Q2, I guess what kind of visibility do you have into later in the fiscal year in terms of this demand for your ASIC business, whether its sureties or other products related to network? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Visibly it tends to be good for one to two quarters, thats it. And thats probably the lead time on our products what we demand for our products and supply chain to support those customers. One to one half quarters, thats as far as we go. Beyond that, no, we dont really have that great visibility.
Steven Chin: Great, thank you. And congrats on the strong results.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie of Raymond James. Please proceed.
Steve Smigie: Great; thanks a lot for the opportunity. Was hoping you guys could talk a little bit about the opportunity you see in the optical business this year? What sort of headwinds and tailwinds do you see off that business over the course of the year?
Hock Tan: What?
Tony Maslowski: The optical business.
Hock Tan: The hyper optics business, the transceiver business youre referring?
Steve Smigie: Correct.
Hock Tan: Well, its a mixed bag. See, we are now we participate a lot in the data com, short reach data com. And thats nicely chugging along. There is price competition to be honest about it. But we try not to play as Ive said many times before in the standard fiber optics, lower bandwidth products, we tend to go up very fast. Were now doing 40 gig, our sweet spot is pushing 40 gig including the BiDi that someone referred to earlier, which is 2 by 20 form of, unique form of 40 gig. And that standard 40 gig and were pushing now 100 gig. And were working on previous form of 100 gig and going even beyond 100 gig for our core outing. Thats where our strength is, so Im really not a very good indicator of the broader fiber optics market. But in terms of data com our strength is up towards the high bandwidth. On the lower bandwidth I can like 1 gigabit, 10 gigabit, and then for on some of the storage products like 8 gigabit and 16 gigabit, 16, is not so bad. You can mention anything below that its a priced its a very priced competitive environment. And we try to not be too engaged in it. I wouldnt say were not. We can be because we have to support many of our OEM customers even though our share is very low. Were now looking at - and our focus is really on higher end whether its proprietary or not so proprietary, very high bandwidth data com. And thats growing very well. As in data centers especially, the larger data centers are pushing from 40 gig to in some cases leap-frogging 40 gig to go to 100 gig. And of course somebody indicated 25 gig and 50 gig to provide additional opportunities. And when you start talking about 25, youre talking about having to drive short-reach or even longer reach native 25, which makes it very tough to produce laser, VCSELs, laser, so to speak, that does 25 gigabit. We are one of the few guys who can do it. And we happily sold it to guys who do 100 gigabit Infiniband today. We are the supplier of the VCSELs for instance. So that was, is one part of it. Our other strength in telecoms is we dont do that much transceivers in long reach telecoms, except medium reach, few kilometers, in data centers. Other than that for transport, we dont do much at all. We do provide local year-end transceivers but we do it at a component level. Were kind of like an arms dealer, and we do that very well. And for instance, we also do component level to fiber to the home in China. And that one we can provide enough products for the market, or not for the matter for LTE supporting base station fiber optics. We can provide enough of those components to those particular markets. That one, we have a pretty full set too.
Steve Smigie: Great; thanks for that color. And just as a follow-up, turning to the wireless market. You guys obviously have a lot of confidence in your business by ramping the CapEx pretty significantly there. I was hoping you could talk about this in the context of maybe four or five-year type range. Obviously, some of the great strength here has been driven by the move to LTE, or to serve LTE advanced. But it seems like, say 5G doesnt come for maybe till 2018 or 2020, so how do you keep in line adding capacity versus youve got a lot of LTE switching over the next couple years versus the length of time before 5G starts to come in?
Hock Tan: Correct. 4G will be reversed for while LTE would be reversed as well as you know because Europe has barely begun to spend any big money. And now they are starting to U.S. already spending money and were in the midst of China, so its all good, not to mention the emerging countries. But to answer your question more directly, kind of hate to disappoint you but our CapEx plan, we tend to build and I mentioned that many times before, a year ago or two years ago, so maybe a time to refresh that. But we tend to like demand in our capacity builds. We basically didnt see the whites of the eye in demand before we start rushing to build capacity. We dont build in anticipation of demand, we tend not to do that. We dont run off business that way.
Steve Smigie: Great, thank you.
Hock Tan: So if youd ask me about 5G, no, Im not even there, sorry. Not even there.
Steve Smigie: Got it.
Hock Tan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Ashish Saran for closing remarks.
Ashish Saran: Thank you, Operator. Thank you everyone for participating in todays earnings call. And we look forward to talking to you again when we report our second quarter fiscal year 2015 financial results.
Operator: Thank you for participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-12-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Hock Tan  President and CEO Tony Maslowski - CFO Ashish Saran - Investor Relations 
Analysts:  Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital Romit Shah - Nomura Asset Management Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets Ryan Carver - Credit Suisse 
Operator: Welcome to Avago Technologies Limited Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ashish Saran, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ashish Saran: Thank you, Operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tony Maslowski, Chief Financial Officer of Avago Technologies. After the market closed today, Avago distributed a press release and financial table describing our financial performance for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2014. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Avago's website at www.avagotech.com. This conference call is being Webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at avagotech.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tony will be providing details of our fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal year 2014 results, background to our first fiscal quarter 2015 outlook and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Avago reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, Id like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Ashish, and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us. We are going to start today by reviewing recent business highlights and then Tony will provide a summary of our fourth quarter and fiscal 2014 financial results. So revenue for our fourth quarter was $1.61 billion, an increase of 25% from the prior quarter. The sequential revenue increase was above the upper end of our guidance, which was 18% to 22%. Wireless growth was better than expectations, with revenue growing 73% sequentially, driven largely by product ramp of new smartphone generation at a large OEM. Enterprise storage also performed significantly better than expected, even before considering contribution from our recent acquisition, PLX. Now before I provide more color on each of our segments, let me quickly provide a short update on the integration of the Avago and LSI operations. As you know, we have completed the sale of two non-core businesses, the LSI flash and Axxia businesses which had NOIs operating spend of approximately $200 million. This has been a key contributor to the significant improvement in our operating model. We have also made great progress in extracting synergies from integrating LSI onto the Avago platform. Were now more than halfway through this process and expect to complete the balance of the integration program as we exit our fiscal 2015. Clearly, the financial benefits from the integration program and the divestiture of non-core businesses, are being achieved faster than we had originally planned and has definitely given us flexibility to step up R&D investments in certain core businesses. Now turning to the discussion of our various segments, starting with Wireless. In the fourth quarter, revenue from Wireless was much better than expectations said earlier, growing 73% sequentially. Wireless represented 39% of our total revenue from continuing operations, and on a year-on-year basis, grew 83%. Within the quarter, growth was largely driven by the ramp of a new smartphone generation and a large North American smartphone OEM. We also benefited in this from a significant increase in our content. We also saw strong double digit sequential revenue growth from our FBAR related products across the board, and in particular from multiple Chinese LTE smartphone OEMs. In fact, over 805 of our Wireless revenue is now FBAR related which has driven significant improvements in Wireless gross margins. Not surprisingly though, we continue to be very capacity constrained, even as we have been investing in additional capacity to meet demand. Looking towards first quarter fiscal 2015, we expect sustained demand from a large North American smartphone OEM to mostly offset broad based seasonal declines for many other global handset OEMs. Were not sure how this will play out in the quarter. So for now, we expect Wireless revenue in Q1 fiscal 2015 to be flat to perhaps slightly down on a sequential basis. Moving to Wired infrastructure, which consists of our [indiscernible] based ASIC business and our Fiber Optics business. Here, the wide segment performed close to expectation in the fourth quarter, with revenue growing 1% sequentially. Wired revenue represented 22% of total revenue from continuing operations. You may recall we saw very significant strength in our ASIC business in the third quarter and that strength sustained into this fourth quarter. Overall, ASIC revenue was fairly flat on a sequential basis, with growth in Ethernet switching and routing products, largely offset by declines in base station and high performance computing. In fiber optics, we grew moderately from the prior quarter. In particular, we had very strong shipments of our 40 gigabit BiDi fiber products as the exclusive customer build up their supply chain to support their new product launch. We also benefited from stronger demand for 16G fiber channel transceivers in storage markets, and very strong fiber to the home deployment in China. Against these, we see declines in 10 gigabit and other standard transceivers.  Looking forward to first quarter 2015, we expect growth in our ASIC business to resume, partially offset by softness in our fiber optics business. In ASIC, we expect a strong ramp of next generation LTE base station ASIC and a large Chinese OEM. And we expect a stable enterprise and data center Ethernet switching market. However, in fiber optics we expect recovery in parallel optic shipments into routers, call routers to be more than offset however by declines from our other Ethernet transceiver products, especially as 40G takes a pause. As a result, we do expect low single digit sequential revenue growth for our Wired segment. On to enterprise storage. Here in this segment, our enterprise storage products include our hard disk drive business and our server and storage connectivity product lines. Starting this fourth quarter, this segment will also include products from our recent PLX acquisitions, which will be part of our server storage connectivity business. In this fourth quarter, enterprise storage revenue, including contribution from PLX, came in stronger than expected and grew 15% sequentially. To provide you with some continuity from the prior quarter, enterprise storage revenue without PLX grew 8% sequentially. This segment represents 29% of our total revenues from continuing operations. The HDD, or hard disk drive end market had a seasonally strong quarter with a large increase in enterprise shipments and our HDD revenue grew mid-single digits sequentially on a percentage basis.  In server and storage connectivity, we also had a very strong fourth quarter, with revenue growing double digits sequentially on a percentage basis. This growth was driven by our server customers staging supply lines in anticipation of a strong [indiscernible] driven server refresh cycle and accordingly purchased significantly higher amount of our 12G SaaS and rate solutions this quarter. Looking forward to Q1 fiscal 2015, we expect data center and enterprise demand to continue driving growth in server and storage connectivity business. We also expect these similar trends to also drive growth in our HDD business. As a result, we expect mid-single digit sequential revenue growth for our enterprise storage business. Finally, moving on to industrials, fourth quarter our industrial segment performed below expectation, with revenue declining by 2% sequentially. Industrial represented 10% of our total revenues from continuing operations. Re-sales were weaker here than expected in all regions, except the Americas as we saw a cautionary stance from customers in those various other countries. On a sequential basis in fact, re-sales in America were up 2% but declined 9% in Asia Pacific, 6% in Europe and 13% in Japan. Regardless, our industrial product inventory at our distributors remains very tight. In Q4, we will also expecting some revenue related to our last time purchase for legacy program, which is now expected to push out through the first fiscal quarter.  Looking into the first quarter fiscal of 2015, we expect mid-single digit decline on a percentage basis in industrial product revenue due to planned customer shutdowns late half of December. However, this we expect to be more than offset by the anticipated last time buying I referenced earlier. As a result, we expect low to mid-single digit sequential growth on a percentage basis for industrial segment.  So in summary, for Q4 and for fiscal 2015, we have a very strong finish with 25% sequential revenue growth in the fourth quarter, driven by strong growth in Wireless, robust demand in enterprise storage, flattish Wired and a small decline in industrial. For first fiscal quarter 2015, we are expecting mid-single growth in enterprise storage, low to mid-single digit growth in industrial. However, low single digit growth in Wired offset by a flat to down Wireless segment. As a result, we expect consolidated revenue growth in the low single digit sequential growth sequentially on a percentage basis.  With that, let me now turn the call over to Tony for a more detailed review of our fourth quarter and fiscal 2014 financials. Tony?
Tony Maslowski: Thank you, Hock, and good afternoon everyone. Before reviewing the fourth quarter and fiscal 2014 financial results, I want to remind you that my comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise specifically noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release issued today and is also available on our Web site at www.avagotech.com.  In prior quarters, we have provided revenue results for our four target markets, Wireless, enterprise storage, Wired infrastructure and industrial and other. Starting with this quarter and going forward, these four target markets will become our reportable segment, aligning our financial reporting with how our management views the business. We will provide certain segment level results in our SEC filings starting with our upcoming Form 10-K. the business composition of our reportable segments remains the same as previously defined target markets. Please note that our fourth quarter results include contributions from the PLX acquisition which closed on August 12, 2014. Revenue of $1.61 billion in the fourth quarter represents an increase of 25% from the prior quarter, and came in higher than the upper end of our guidance. Revenue from our Wireless and enterprise storage segment came in better than our expectations. The Wired segment performed close to expectations and we saw weaker than expected revenue from the industrial and other segment.  Foxconn was a greater than 10% customer in the fourth fiscal quarter. Our fourth quarter gross margin from continuing operations was 58%, which was above our guidance range of 55% to 57%, primarily due to better revenue mix and fab utilization.  Turning to operating expenses, R&D expenses were $214 million and SG&A expenses were $89 million, driving total operating expenses for Q4 to $303 million, $4 million below guidance, primarily because of some anticipated spending in R&D which is not expected in the first quarter. As a percentage of sales, R&D was 13% and SG&A was 6% of net revenue respectively. Income from operations for the quarter was $636 million, and represented 40% of net revenue.  Taxes came in at $42 million for the fourth quarter, $4 million above our guidance. This was primarily due to higher income than forecast.  Fourth quarter net income was $556 million and earnings per diluted share were $1.99. Fourth quarter interest expense was $54 million. The other income and expense line was $16 million, resulting primarily from gains on the sale of non-core LSI portfolio investments which had a positive impact on EPS.  Our share based compensation in the fourth quarter was $49 million. The breakdown of the expense for the fourth quarter includes $6 million in cost of goods sold, $19 million in R&D and $24 million in SG&A. in the first quarter fiscal 2015, we anticipate share based compensation will be approximately $51 million. Just as a reminder, our definition of non-GAAP net income excludes share based compensation expense. Moving on to the balance sheet, our day sales outstanding were 42 days, an increase from the prior quarters 39 days, primarily due to linearity of revenue during the quarter. Our inventory ended at $519 million. Days on hand were 70 days, which decreased 9 days from the third quarter as we reduced inventory in our Wireless segment which had built up in prior quarters to support the strong ramp in fourth quarter shipments. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.6 billion and we generated $381 million in operational cash flow. As a reminder, in the fourth quarter we closed the PLX acquisition, which consumed approximately $308 million in cash close. And we closed the sale of our flash business for which we received approximately $450 million in cash. On November 18 2014,in our first fiscal quarter of 2015, we also closed the sale of the Axxia business and received approximately $650 million in cash.  In the fourth quarter, we spent $189 million on capital expenditures. For the full year fiscal 2015, we expect CapEx to be approximately $600 million, of which approximately $200 million is expected to occur in the first quarter. As a reminder, our first quarter is generally a weaker quarter for cash generation due to the payment of our annual employee bonuses related to the prior fiscal year.  As you may recall, last quarter we mentioned our intent to use a significant amount of our net proceeds from the sales of the flash and Axxia businesses towards paying down a portion of our outstanding term loan before the end of this calendar year. We are still evaluating our capital needs over the next 12 months and for now, we see investment of these proceeds in the business as a better short term use of our cash, including potentially investment in our internal fab capacity to support continued demand for our Wireless products.  On September 30 2014, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.32 per ordinary share, which consumed $81 million of cash. This dividend was raised by $0.03 from the prior quarter. Since the inception of our dividend program in second quarter of 2011 to date, our financial performance has allowed us to increase our dividend each quarter. As a reminder, our Board reviews and determines our dividend policy on a quarterly basis based on our financial performance and condition, the contractual provisions related to our outstanding indebtedness and other factors deemed relevant by our Board. During the quarter, we did not repurchase any shares. Now let me briefly recap our fiscal 2014 full year results. Net revenues increased by 71% year over year to $4.3 billion, benefiting primarily from two quarters of contributions from continuing operations of the LSI businesses as well as strength in our Wireless business. Gross margin increased by 5% year over year to 56%, driven by an improvement in product mix with higher contributions from our FBAR related Wireless products on the classic Avago side, as well as comparatively higher gross margins from the LSI continuing operations. Net income for 2014 increased to 41.343 billion or $4.90 per diluted share as compared to $731 million or $2.89 per diluted share in fiscal 2013. Now let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the first quarter of 2015. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business condition and we do not intend to update this guidance. This guidance is for results from continuing operations only. Net revenue is expected to be flat to up 4% from the fourth quarter. Gross margin is expected to be 57.5%, plus or minus one percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated be approximately $301 million. Taxes are forecasted to be approximately $38 million. Net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $56 million. And finally, the diluted share count forecast is for 283 million shares. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator:  [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please proceed.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital: Thanks for taking my questions, great quarter. I was wondering if you could just comment on the Wireless business. Youre looking for a very flat guidance. You saw flat guidance last year. I was wondering if you just -- looking at the inventory levels and the ramps, how -- if you had to relate it to a normal seasonal -- I know it's hard in Wireless, how would you compare? You probably don't want to give guidance for April, but how does it relate as you look into April in terms of normal or not? Thanks.
Hock Tan: We dont really have visibility that far out, Blayne all the way out to April, but we do have pretty clear visibility frankly in this Q1 fiscal 2015 in terms of backlog from customers, forecast some certain customers. And particularly when you have a fab thats running full, you get pretty good -- you get very good visibility for the quarter of that period. Right now Q1 as we see it, we see sustaining the levels pretty much of what we saw in Wireless of Q4. And thats not dissimilar from what we saw a year ago.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital: Thanks. And then just the outlook. The gross margin is very strong in the quarter and the outlook is also very strong. Obviously, you're running your fabs fully utilized, but also adding capacity. I was wondering if you could talk about when do you get back to some normal supply/demand with FBAR? And then if you could just comment on the competitive landscape. Obviously, others are trying to chase this market that's been so good for you in terms of TC-SAW or others pursuing [BAW]. Can you just comment on both of those? Thanks
Hock Tan: Again to try to give you -- to try and answer your question in a couple of sentences, the answer is the demand for I guess high performance filters is the best way to describe it, very high performance filter, especially into LTE bands, be they China or beyond China is very strong, has been very strong since last quarter. It continues to be extremely strong, particularly with the full launch in late Q4, in Q4, our Q4 that is of the next generation smartphone from the North America, that certain North American OEM. And that demand has -- as far as we see, continues to sustain.  So the strong demand for high performance filters and we know there are competitors out there, be they BAW or on a limited basis, TC temperature compensated source. And I mentioned it on a limited basis because obviously with our fab full, we can only supply so much short term, though our plans to increase the fab will enable us as time progresses fairly rapidly to be able to address the markets in a normal basis. But short term is not or as the seasonal uptick is not happening, which basically lead some certain other customers, potential customers to perhaps look for alternatives and they do. Having said that, we believe the performance of our FBAR far surpasses anybody else and if theres a choice, we do get selected. If not, good enough might do.
Operator: Our next question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura. Please proceed.
Romit Shah - Nomura Asset Management: Thanks a lot. Great results. Your Wireless business for this calendar year looks like it will exceed 50%. And Hock, we know that content was a major force behind that. Looking into next year and the platforms that you're designing too, how do you think your content will improve into 2015?
Hock Tan: The overall trend towards pad architecture as RF architecture using pads as you all know, power amplify duplex modules that is, is increasing. The trend towards this will occur more and more and wont be just restricted to any particular phone maker. And the simple reason is simply because while the overall number of phones out there are kind of flattish to maybe single digit growth, the switch, the conversion of feature phones, low end phones towards smartphones is happening fairly rapidly and especially smartphones which goes higher and higher end. People require roaming features which means importing bands that are not just unique to a particular local country or carrier, but multiple carriers globally. And the content in every smartphone will have to increase.  So RF components as we all know and has been evident the last 12 months, RF component demand has been very strong. And even within RF components, filter demand is still particularly strong because while in semiconductor processes or in semiconductor typical trend, you can and do integrate chips functionality together. For instance multiple -- one power amplifier can support multiple modes, multiple bands. In filters, you need one separate filter for every single band. And as more and more bands enter smartphones, which are expected to roam multiple continents, multiple carriers, the sheer content of filters in each smartphone will increase, especially when you go to 3G, 4G now and potentially forward in the future. So the trend is towards more and more content increase. 
Romit Shah - Nomura Asset Management: Okay, thanks for that. And second question on operating margin, I might have missed it, Tony but do you guys have a new long term target model for operating margin? You came in at slightly below 40% this quarter and the prior target of 28% to 32% feels like its a bit stale.
Tony Maslowski: Again remember like I said, were going to update it after we get a couple more quarters under our belt. So its still a little early for us to do the long term model so just 
Hock Tan: We want to be pretty sure, Romit. We cant [indiscernible] outrunning us.
Romit Shah - Nomura Asset Management: I guess tied into that, how do you guys get away with spending 13% of your revenues on R&D? is it that enterprise networking or enterprise storage and industrial dont require much R&D? Because if I look at some of your networking comparable, nobody is spending less than 20% on R&D. Analogue is a little bit better than that, but you could argue the model is different. So maybe you can just talk about R&D here at 13%. Can you sustain that without compromising future growth?
Hock Tan: Let me get your first point first. You think 13% is too low, right?
Romit Shah - Nomura Asset Management: Its low compared to most of your networking comparable. Most analogue companies, with the exception of TI which we would argue is a totally different model.
Hock Tan: Yes, we are and we have quite totally different model from the rest of the world too by the way, Romit. To answer you seriously, we have a range. We have four end markets as you know and give you a sense. One extreme side which is Wired or enterprise networking on the ASIC side, especially on service side, of course well be spending R&D in the mid-20s. Really not much different from many of our peers in that area. We do spend that. And then on the other extreme, industrial which tends to be very analogue, in our case extremely 35 compound semiconductor analogue, not just silicon analogue, we spend single digits in R&D of revenue. And the others are somewhere in between. So we average out 13%, 14%.  A big part of it frankly is on the standard products we drive in Wireless as an example, we get huge revenue scale up, real operating leverage in specific areas where the volume is high. So when you look at this range of products we are in and obviously enterprise storage and Wireless falls in between the extremes of industrial and networking, ASIC especially. All the rest fall between, we just average out 13%, 14% R&D spend. And we believe were spending at a fairly comfortable level because the comment I made at the beginning of my remarks, were running ahead of our financials, achieving financial synergies with this integration.  Were running ahead of it and it also, because of that, allows us a lot of flexibility, not that we need that to do it because we always have the habit of investing a lot more even into our core businesses to defend it and strengthen it even more. Were not being -- weve never been cheap about doing it. Where the difference we dont see the business, we developed it. We divest it then we dont spend it anymore, but where the businesses that are core, believe me we will invest what we need to continue to lead in technological leadership, which is central to this entire business model.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. Maybe Hock first one for you, I know youre not guiding to Q2 Wireless, but in general given the large contribution from your North American customer, do you expect your Wireless segment to show more volatility or more seasonality going forward? Because Im trying to offset that against some of the content growth youre seeing in China. So the question really is, do you see your Wireless segment being more or less seasonal than before? And if it is more seasonal, what does that do to your FBAR capacity utilization and gross margins?
Hock Tan: To be direct and I made the comment right upfront when I talked about Wireless, we dont know. We dont have that clear visibility. I like to say that this year repeats from last year and you know how last years cycle is and I get thats why youre driving this particular question. And so keeping that in mind, Ill answer you this which by itself tells you something, we dont know. We dont really know. And thats why even in Q1 as we forecast Wireless, and please dont read too much in what Im trying to tell you then, when I purposely stated in my Q1 Wireless for this particular quarter. Right now our sense is Wireless is flattish. It could be down slightly, but youre talking about a fairly substantial number either way. Right now, sitting here right now, we think its flattish. I could be wrong even then sitting here right now. And I definitely would be in no position to give you a sense of what Q2 is at this point.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then as a follow-up, maybe one for you, Tony, can you remind us what your target debt leverage ratio is and what do you plan to do with the cash that's coming in and the cash flow that you are generating? I know that you have been increasing your dividend consistently. Youre investing in CapEx. But do you see leverage getting to a point where you feel comfortable expanding the buyback plan or considering more M&A, maybe another home run, like an LSI?
Tony Maslowski: Yes. So just to be very clear that our priorities on cash usage hasnt changed. So its number one, its internal investments and that includes as Hock mentioned, some of the things that were opportunistic with or strengthening our product portfolio. Second is really the dividend and then also the debt pay down. The debt pay down I want to be clear is that our leverage ratio at the beginning of the transaction was roughly a little over 3. And if you look at some of the models you guys have out there, we could end up in the twos quite easily this year. So really once we hit around two is that when well go back to our board and say hey, do we want to change our capital structure and put some more longer term debt on the balance sheet. The pause that I talked about in my speech was really just to say hey, were thinking about it still. So think about it more as a one or two quarter pause only in the debt pay down that were thinking about. Of course, we dont comment on any M&A.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Or buyback, is that also 
Tony Maslowski: Buyback is like fourth or fifth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Congratulations on the terrific results. Could we get a little bit more color on the one-time item, or nonrecurring item, or end-of-life item that's impacting the Industrial sequentials? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Its really not very significant material and in fact all of the foregoing. We just have to say its a one-time non-recurring thing. Its our last time buying on a legacy program by a customer, which wont recur. Its just significant enough for industrial to tweak the thing, which is why I took pains to explain that for industrial, we expect Q1 to be declining low single digits sequentially. Instead, with this thing thrown in, becomes increasing single digit sequential. So you can probably guess at the size of the number of this particular item. And I really dont mean it to be anything to be misleading or anything else. Its just not worth talking about. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: No, that's very helpful. Thank you. And for a follow-up, understanding you're capacity constrained and the fabs are full, have the lead times changed meaningfully over the course of the last couple of quarters? Because obviously your business has been terrific for a while now. Are you seeing any change in the lead times or capacity constraints, recognizing that you're running full out? Thank you.
Hock Tan: And youre referring I assume just to our FBAR related products, right, Wireless products?
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Correct. Thank you. Yes.
Hock Tan: Were on product allocation as we sit here right now. So I guess yeah, the lead times have changed pretty significantly. It has extended up.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: And do you think that's causing -- do you worry at all about double ordering that sometimes happens when folks are on allocation, or how are you managing that?
Hock Tan: We are managing that very closely and managing that very tightly because we have pretty good sense for -- one of the benefits is that a large part of our revenues are coming from a few large guys and believe me we support these few large guys extremely well when we know what they need precisely. Theres also other portion of it that might not be so well managed simply because theyre more fragmented and thats the area obviously that we do worry about. The positive side to it is its a relatively set of minority in terms of the size of business rather than the larger part of our business. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much. Congratulations again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Echoing everybody else, congrats on another strong quarter and guide. Hock, I want to switch gears away from Wireless onto the Wired side momentarily. With the combination of your ASIC business with LSI's and then one other big player in that space getting out, I just want to see roughly what your expectations are for the growth potential of that business? And has there been any lash back from your customers because the combination of Avago and LSI now can be so dominant?
Hock Tan: First let me rephrase. Were not dominant. We have a scale now and we certainly have scale that allows us to benefit from investing in a lot more capabilities than we had previously. Our claim to fame used to be in Avago 30s. we now have very, very strong IP. Its still in 30s but beyond 30s into memory and better processing, all the nice stuff that many of our ASIC customers love to have in communications Wired and Wireless infrastructure. Thats why we tend to focus our ASIC business in networking, but also Wired and Wireless infrastructure on a more focused basis, but still very much ASIC.  And yeah, that business as I reported over the last couple of quarters, has been growing very nicely. A big part of it, having said that, is product ramps. Product ramps in new generation edge routers, new generation of this software defined network switches like the Nexus 9000. Were in those very much. Were in all the edge routers that Im aware of, almost. And we even have ASIC base band in one Chinese base station OEM. And all that is driving very nice growth, not huge growth. Thats not the nature of this business, but its more -- I best call more direct growth. And thats the way we like it. So we do see potential growth opportunity on a very moderate basis that is more sustainable over the next two, three years.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great. My follow-up question, really quickly for Tony, is on the OpEx side of things. Can you remind us where we are in the integration path as far as getting to the $200 million originally you talked about? And I guess the angle I would put on it is more on an absolute basis. That's the $301 million you're guiding to. Is that the new base off of which we increase or decrease according to revenue? Or do you still have some of those, after last quarter, 1,100 people that had yet to exit the Company and therefore that would make OpEx actually decline?
Tony Maslowski: So we still have some opportunities for OpEx decline. Remember is that the original base was like this 390 number on the combined company. So, the goal would have been 290, but then youve got to add in PLX, a couple of million. So really as Hock mentioned in his speech, were done with the divestitures which contributed that $50 million a quarter. And were probably about, as you can do the math yourself, $40 million towards the $50 million of the other. But as Hock mentioned as well, it gives us great flexibility to beef up other areas our R&D as these final stages happen. So those will happen as we combine the systems, the IT systems, which again is planned for the end of the first half, beginning of the second half of this current fiscal year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hello. This is [Denai] calling in for Craig. I had a question on gross margins. Gross margins are benefiting from strong growth in FBAR. Are you seeing any benefit or any improvements in other segments of the business as well?
Tony Maslowski: As we mentioned, there are other improvements. When we started with the whole LSI acquisition, were quite surprised that weve seen some upside to their businesses as well. So again we always focus on FBAR because thats the headline you guys want to hear about, but we also do mention the other thing, that theres a constant improvement here across most of the divisions.
Hock Tan: There were two supply chains from two companies. Theres now one single supply chain organization. So that, we call that manufacturing overheads. That has significantly reduced for the combined company and that does add to the gross margin improvement. 
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That's helpful. And as a follow-up is on Wired Infrastructure. In your view post-LSI, how do you feel about your portfolio when you're trying to adapt the ASIC market and fiber optics? And how do you feel about the competitive dynamics in both businesses? 
Hock Tan: This combination as I mentioned earlier has given us a lot more capabilities in terms of a lot more capabilities, lots more IP to offer key customers as we compete for ASIC programs at major OEMs. If anything else, youre right. One concern might be customers thinking we serve certainly larger and a larger percentage of their ASIC spend, silicon spend. But on the other side, theres a lot of ASSP FPA out there that definitely provide very, very strong completion for us, not just ASICs. And its just that were very good at ASICs and we focus on that. By natural self-selection, customers want their own differentiator products picks us. Having more capabilities obviously makes us a more formidable competitor as against the FPGA guys or against vendor products. But we do see all that competition out there.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Congrats once again on the solid quarter, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Freedman with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks for taking my question. And if I could dig into a little bit on the $600 million in CapEx, can you give us some sense of how much capacity addition that is buying you?
Tony Maslowski: Again, of the $600 million, the majority is going to the continued build out in the FBAR facility and including some of our attempt to go from 8 inch to 12 inch. So again its hard to tell the actual capacity add because again depending on the success of that 8 to 12.
Hock Tan: 6 to 8.
Tony Maslowski: Im sorry, 6 to 8. Sorry. I apologize. 6 to 8 conversion that were going through. So again I think its difficult to give an exact percentage. This will depend on how successful that is and how quickly that ramps.
Hock Tan: It will be a substantial increase in our capacity. For competitive reasons, we hesitate to give you a specific on that, but it will be a fairly substantial increasing capacity that we will achieve by end of fiscal 2015 compared to where we are today.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets: Great. And if I could, for my follow-up, just talking about maybe some of your other businesses, there was a lot of concern in the broader semiconductor market this quarter about linearity of bookings. And maybe if you can give us some sense of what you've seen in your other businesses in terms of trends in the overall business in booking patterns, and maybe what you might expect for the quarter you're presently in. 
Hock Tan: Good question. Moving aside wireless for a second, we still have the rest of our three end markets, which are very large. The best way to describe it is bookings for those three other end markets, which is Wired largely enterprise, enterprise storage and industrial. Best description Ill put of it is very stable. It has grown from Q3. Q4 showed a sharp growth, especially late Q3, early Q4 was a sharp ramp in bookings, increasing bookings, stabilize and remain fairly stable.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Ryan Carver - Credit Suisse: This is Ryan Carver in for John. Appreciate you taking the questions. Not a lot of mention, I think a lot of focus on the Cupertino customer. Can you talk about what you're seeing in your large Korea customer? I think, obviously, a lot of understanding about their weakness in units, end part of this year. Are you seeing any indications, as you guys see the January month of any new flagship ramp? Andi guess maybe more broadly on that Korea customer, they've talked about potentially reducing SKUs going forward. Does that trend potentially benefit you guys as fewer SKUs are required to support maybe more territories around the world?
Hock Tan: Im loathe to answer that question because we usually dont want to comment on any particular customer. I appreciate it if you accept that as basically my answer. Ive heard about them coming down to lesser SKUs and that is true I believe from all indications Ive seen .theyre doing all they can obviously to recover ground. And I assure you they are and theyre very big, important customer which we love dearly. But other than that, I cant comment anything more than that.
Ryan Carver - Credit Suisse: Okay. But maybe I can ask a different way. Relative to what is a typical expectation for new product launches seasonally in the first part of a year, are you guys starting to see any indication of what is a normal seasonal trend for you guys there?
Hock Tan: Nothing unusual about that from that Korean customer youre talking about is well known that they do two large product launches as you know on their two flagship products of interest to us. But yeah, they do the Galaxy S series in the spring and they do the Note series in the fall. All indications and all our engagements are theyre planning to do exactly that. 
Ryan Carver - Credit Suisse: Got it, great. If I could just squeeze one more in. You mentioned seeing some ASIC ramp within some of the base station customers. Can you comment a little more about the application of those ASICs? I think that there's a general understanding  
Hock Tan: Base station you mean that I was referring to thats helping drive our Q1 revenue in ASIC? Yeah. We have an ASIC that is pretty much in the base band of the base station. Its basically the -- its a base band and nothing much more than that. But its unique and differentiated for that particular customer
Ashish Saran: Thank you, Operator. Thank you for participating in today's earnings call. We look forward to talking to you again when we report our first quarter fiscal year 2015 financial results.
Operator: That concludes Avagos conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Peter Andrew  Senior Director, IR Scott McGregor  President and CEO Eric Brandt  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Vivek Arya  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Joe Moore  Morgan Stanley Mark Lipacis  Jefferies Harlan Sur  JPMorgan Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein Srini Pajjuri  CLSA Research Timothy Arcuri  Cowen and Company Christopher Caso  Susquehanna Doug Freedman  RBC Capital Markets Matt Ramsay  Canaccord Genuity Craig Ellis  B. Riley CJ Muse  ISI Group Kevin Cassidy  Stifel Nicolaus Blaine Curtis  Barclays Steven Chin  UBS Christopher Rolland  FBR Capital Markets Quinn Bolton  Needham & Company David Wong  Wells Fargo Hans Mosesmann  Raymond James Mark Delaney  Goldman Sachs Ruben Roy  Piper Jaffray Betsy Van Hees  Wedbush Securities 
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom Q3 2014 Earnings Call. My name is Leslie, and Ill be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Peter Andrew. Mr. Andrew, you may begin.
Peter Andrew: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Todays call will include prepared remarks by Scott McGregor, Broadcoms President and Chief Executive Officer; and Eric Brandt, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This call will include forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause Broadcoms results to differ materially and adversely from managements current expectations. We encourage you to review the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the earnings release, which was furnished with the SEC today and is available on our website and in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. Additionally, throughout this call we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Todays earnings release and the related current report on Form 8-K describe the differences between our non-GAAP and GAAP reporting and present a reconciliation between the two for the periods reported in the release. Please also see the Investors section of our website at investor.broadcom.com for a slide deck that includes additional information disclosed in accordance with SEC Regulation G. Now it is my pleasure to introduce Broadcoms President and Chief Executive Officer, Scott McGregor.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. Broadcom had solid results in the September quarter. Revenue was above the high end of the guided range and ahead of consensus estimates. Non-GAAP EPS also came in ahead of first call consensus for the quarter. Upside in the quarter was driven by strength in our set-top box, broadband access and connectivity products. In broadband we continue to see solid trends in access products as operators deploy the latest technologies including VDSL upgrades to power faster connections in the home. We also saw strength in set-box driven by growth in the emerging markets. Connectivity rebounded nicely, driven by seasonal demand and new phone watches as well as increasing penetration of 802.11ac and 2X2 solutions. In infrastructure our business was roughly flat due to a pause in data center and service provider spending. Ill go into these items in more detail later in the call but will first turn the call over to Eric for details on third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance.
Eric Brandt: Thanks Scott. As Peter mentioned please refer to the data breakout in the investor section of our website for additional information that will supplement my financial commentary. Consistent with our reorganization and current management structure we have recast our segments in our 10-Q and web financial for current and prior periods. Broadcom now has two reportable segments, a broadband and connectivity group and an infrastructure and networking group. For transparency weve provided a discrete cellular baseband [DU] [ph] as well. Moving to the financial overview. To summarize total revenue came in at $2.26 billion, up 10.7% sequentially and up 5.3% year-over-year. Q3 non-GAAP product gross margin was down 70 basis points from Q2 to 54.3% driven by stronger than expected cellular baseband revenue. Q3 GAAP product gross margin was 52.3%. Non-GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were down $60 million sequentially while GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were down $67 million. Q3 non-GAAP EPS was $0.91 per share or $0.07 above the first call consensus of $0.84 per share. Q3 GAAP EPS were $0.16 which includes $0.52 of impairment and restructuring charges. Cash flow from operations for Q3 was $461 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance at the end of the quarter was $5.4 billion. Moving to revenue and gross margin. In July we said we expected Q3 revenue of between $2.1 billion and $2.25 billion. We delivered revenue just above the high end of that range at $2.26 billion. Our broadband connectivity revenue came in ahead of expectations at $1.51 billion, up roughly 16% sequentially, upside in the quarter was across the board. Revenue from our infrastructure and networking segment met our expectations of roughly flat at $651 million. Cellular baseband revenue came in at $97 million, well ahead of our expectation. Our Q3 non-GAAP product gross margin was down 70 basis points from Q2 to 54.3% at the low end of the guided range due to cellular revenue coming in well ahead of guidance. Product gross margins would have been roughly flat sequentially consistent with guidance if not for the cellular upside. Our Q3 GAAP product gross margin was up from Q2 to 52.3%. Moving to operating expenses. Total non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses for Q3 were at the low end of our guidance and declined $60 million from Q2 level as cellular expenses were down substantially partially offset by increased tapeout costs. On a GAAP basis R&D and SG&A expenses were down $67 million from Q2 levels. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and marketable securities ended Q3 at $5.4 billion of which 50% is in the U.S. Cash flow from operations was $461 million. During the quarter we paid $71 million in dividends and repurchased 6 million shares of stock at a cost of $227 million. We also issued senior notes of $600 million and called our upcoming November 2015 maturity of $400 million. Our Q3 receivables days sales outstanding were 38 days and net inventory turns were 6.9. Moving to restructuring charges. As discussed in Q2 conference call, we began to execute the wind-down of our cellular baseband business and in Q3 recorded restructuring cost of $114 million. We expect to record an additional $60 million of restructuring charges over the next 12 months related to the closing or consolidation of 18 locations and the termination of certain existing contracts. Moving to impairment of purchase intangibles, during the quarter we recorded impairment charges of $200 million or $0.33 per share related to our NetLogic acquisition. The impairment was principally driven by downward revisions to our long-term forecasted revenue from acquired product line. For further decision of the preceding charges please see our 10-Q that we anticipate filing today. Moving to expectations, we currently expect net revenue in Q4 to be $2.0 billion to $2.15 billion, of which cellular SoCs should be roughly $50 million. From a segment perspective we expect Broadband connectivity and Infrastructure networking to be down sequentially. We expect Q4 non-GAAP gross margins to be 55% plus or minus 75 basis points and GAAP gross margin to be 53% plus or minus 75 basis points. We expect non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses in Q4 to be down $40 to $60 million and GAAP to be down $50 to $70 million. Based on this reduction we anticipate having largely completed the cellular cost reductions by year end faster than originally forecasted. And now Id like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor: Thanks Eric. Starting with the Broadband and connectivity business our revenue came in ahead of expectation at $1.5 billion, up roughly 16% sequentially. Strength in the quarter was across the board including set-top box, broadband access and wireless connectivity. We continue to see solid growth in set-top box. Much of the strength that we saw this quarter was due to share gains in emerging markets deploying new HD designs, particularly in Latin America. We saw strength in VDSL due to share gains, increased operator spending and a richer mix of technologies such as vectoring and channel bonding. Broadband access over copper is seeing meaningful upgrades and we expect the next DSL standard, G.fast to begin ramping in 2015. In connectivity, we saw seasonal strength combined with increasing adoptions of new wireless technologies such as 802.11ac and 2x2 solutions which drive higher ASPs. During the quarter we launched the second generation of our 2x2 MIMO 802.11ac combo chip; this chip improves our industry leading performance for high end smartphones and tablet resulting in faster speeds, lower power consumption, less interference and lower board space than our competition. It is currently shipping in volume production. We also launched our GPS Sensor Hub Combo Chip, an industry first. This product significantly reduces power consumption in smartphones and tablets while enabling always on health fitness and lifelogging applications. While nascent today we are excited about the opportunity in the Internet of Things market. Our strategy is to enable developers to create innovative products using our recently announced WICED Sense development kit. WICED Sense is all-in-one prototyping kit that includes a Broadcom Bluetooth chip, sensors and a software stack that allows syncing to smartphones or tablets. This kit is a very cost effective platform that reduces development time of new Internet of Things products which will contribute to the future growth in our connectivity business. Finally small cells remains an emerging opportunity. We are ramping our newly launched LTE and TDS CDMA Solution while maintaining our market leading position in 3G. Looking into Q4 we expect our Broadband and connectivity business to be down sequentially. Moving to infrastructure, our infrastructure and networking group was roughly flat declining just under 1% sequentially to $651 million in line with our expectations. Both data center and service provider revenues declined sequentially, partially offset by growth in the enterprise and home market. The decline in the datacenter market was not unexpected following the strong growth we have seen over the past year and half. This was the first decline following sixth consecutive quarters of sequential growth. Since the beginning of 2013, datacenter and service provider revenues have grown a combined 50%. Longer-term growth drivers remain intact and include new build out and expansion of datacenter, increasing data traffic and faster speeds and the continued ASIC conversions to merchant solutions. Recently we launched the first in a new family of switch products called Tomoahawk, which deliver 32 ports of 100 gigabit Ethernet and is specifically designed for 25 and 100 gig applications in the datacenter. Tomoahawk is driven by the consumer need for higher data rates and is current sampling with key cloud service provider and communication equipment OEMs. Despite the anticipated declines in the service provider market we saw growth in the enterprise and home market due to increasing traction from our processor SoCs and wireless LAN routers and enterprise access points driven by increasing adoption of 802.11AC. As we look into Q4 we expect our infrastructure and networking business to be down sequentially. In summary our Broadcom and connectively and our infrastructure and networking segments performed well during the third quarter. 2014 is said to be the third consecutive year of double-digit growth for our infrastructure business. Broadcom is seeing steady growth driven by leadership in set-top box and broadband modems. Connectively saw the expected strength in the quarter due to continued leadership in high end smartphones tablets and access points as well as the ongoing to 802.11AC and 2x2 solutions. This concludes our prepared comments, and we are now ready for your questions. Leslie, may we have the first question please?
Operator: The first question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question. Scott, I am wondering what impact have you seen on your connectivity sales and customer interaction since you made the decision to wind down your cellular business and then more importantly how does that inform you about how connectively sales will progress next year?
Scott McGregor: Our connectivity business is performing strongly. We see continued strength at the high end of our business and the connectively business itself was up about 20% quarter over quarter which is better than expected and this is despite the decline in the lower end of the business as we had talk about - we are just seeing exceptional strength in the high end which drives a richer mix for us. So all of that suggests our business is doing quite well in connectivity.
Vivek Arya  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then maybe as a follow-up for Eric, question near term long-term on operating expenses, so obviously near term very good control over OpEx, I am wondering how should we think about the fringe set up as we get into Q1 but then longer-term I appreciate youll probably discuss operating margin targets at Analyst Day but I am curious what the main levers are because your segments are operating already at very high levels of profitability so just conceptually what are the levers to improve operating margins from here on? Thank you
Eric Brandt: Hi, Vivek, so I would say good question on the timing. So having basically removed virtually all of the operating expenses associated with cellular by the end of the year excluding sort of the remaining leases and some of the contracts that we will have to write off as we roll into next year I expect that Q1 will step up the way it normally does seasonally with [fringe and merit] [ph] piece you know probably 30 to 40. After that I think there is a little wrap in Q2 but our intension is to continue to hold things relatively tight. Over the long-term I think the key here in the business is to continue to run the business where our operating expenses grow tightly coupled with revenue and to the extent that we can grow operating expenses more slowly than revenue well get additional leverage on the operating income line but I would say right now I think we have all of the businesses performing quite well as it relates to both operating performance and operating margins.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead
Joe Moore  Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you. Can you talk about the networking weakness that you saw at service provider that you talked about in the third quarter, sounds like its still down in the fourth quarter what is your visibility into kind of working away through and getting back to growth in that sub segment.
Scott McGregor: Growth in that segment really depends on capital spend from the large carriers and we dont have better visibility than either our customers or the service providers themselves so we have to wait and see. That being said we do see that business as lumpy. Broadcom also benefits from some secular trends in there that we have a lot of new product launches and new capabilities rolling out and we have been able to increase our penetration into things like base stations where we are able to get not only processor but back haul but an increasing part of the switch and digital front end parts of that business. So we have increasing products in those devices as well as expecting some pick-up over the course of next year.
Joe Moore  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question is from Mark Lipacis with Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis  Jefferies: Thanks for taking my question. I guess theres a debate on the macro environment and on inventories, can you share with us any signals that you may be seeing that suggest theres issues on either the demand or the inventory side?
Scott McGregor: Well there is always pockets and there is always expedites from our customer but I would say in summary we arent seeing anything unusual in the market.
Joe Moore  Morgan Stanley: Okay, fair enough, and then on the connectively and broadband combination, why  whats the motivation for combining those businesses together under one umbrella? Thank you.
Scott McGregor: Connectivity and Broadband make a lot of sense to put together because we believe that the home is going to become increasingly connected and Broadcom has incredible strength in the last mile technologies and gateways and set top boxes and as we see the home basically get wired up such that devices are connected, it gives us an end to end solution in the home. So you will see higher levels of integration and more interaction between these devices. So look for us to increasingly integrate technologies and get some advantage in terms of having complete solutions for the home.
Operator: The next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur  JPMorgan: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question and good job on the quarterly execution. On the exit of the base band business, I think your target was to take out roughly about $138 million of OpEx per quarter. Lets say you took out about $80 million or so in Q3, you are taking out another 50 million in Q4, I think you said that youre essentially complete but it still seems like you have roughly about another $10 million left to come out, is that a benefit we can expect in Q1 or am I just not interpreting things properly here?
Eric Brandt: Harlan, you are about right. So let me go through the math, so its about $10 million that came out of Q2, about really probably closer to $90 million in Q3 and then the midpoint of our guidance is 50. Some of that is actually organic growth and some of thats cellular business which we think is probably $30 million to $35 million. So you are talking about $130 million to $135 million in cost that will have been removed by the end of the year. Now going forward there is probably another $5 million to $10 million give or take depending on sort of a timing and removal of some of the lease expenses we have and some of the remaining sort of contracts, EDA et cetera that we will clean up next year. So hopefully that sort of clarifies it but you are right that OpEx will be based on the midpoint of guidance below the $600 million number that everybody was talking about by the end of the year.
Harlan Sur  JPMorgan: Great, thanks for that. And then your Q4 guidance on infrastructure being down again sequentially. Scott can you just give us a bit more color by end markets segments, service provider, data center, enterprise, any differences directionally between the different sub-segments in the fourth quarter?
Scott McGregor: Well, I think the number is down, isnt very much so we dont see large differences between the segments. I would expect service provider to continue to be down a bit but I dont see a huge gap between the different segments in the Q4.
Harlan Sur  JPMorgan: Great, thank you.
Operator: Next question is Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Hi guys, thanks for letting me ask a question. Scott, similar sort of question on your Broadband and Connectivity area other than the base band sub-segment of that, can you walk us through a little bit of whats driving that down in your fourth quarter guidance please?
Scott McGregor: I would say thats largely seasonal; we dont see particular businesses moving on the basis of differences in demand there. So I would say there is not a meaningful difference between the different pieces.
Eric Brandt: Ross, just a comment generally on seasonality. I would say broadly speaking the guide at the midpoint is roughly seasonal for the quarter, sort of low to mid-single-digits, probably the infrastructure business a little bit better than seasonal and broadband business maybe a touch worse than seasonal but that really is depending on some of the new product ramps that are in the market today. So I would say its broadly in line with seasonal more or less.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks. And as my one follow-up, stock based comp just a bit of a longer term question, Eric how should we think about that trending over time. You have long stated you wanted the gap between pro forma and GAAP as far as it being created by stock-based comp to shrink over time, how does the exiting of the base band and any other moves you are putting into place affect that delta?
Eric Brandt: So if you look a year ago stock based comp was probably 5.8% of revenue, last quarter it was 5.5% of revenue and this quarter its 4.7% of revenue. And it will continue to come down as sort of we wash out the people who have exited the company. We are working through that and we will talk more specifically about our plans but I think on a ratio basis, if you think about we have a large number of employees that are no longer with the company that werent generating significant revenue but we are getting targeted stock based comp. So we believe that there will be further upside or benefit from the 4.7 going forward and just stay tuned for analyst day, we will talk more about it then.
Operator: The next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein: Hi guys thanks for taking my questions. First on just quickly on gross margins, you are guiding to 55% even still with about $50 million in day spend. I am just trying figure out ex base band once that business is completely gone is it likely thing that we should have more upside from this number. I think this quarter you had close to $40 million in base band upside which drove about 70 basis points of gross margin downside, so were moving to $50 million thats still there kind of give us a similar amount of I guess tailwind to margins from where we are sitting today?
Eric Brandt: Yes sure Stacy, so you are correct, so the upside in base band was about 70 basis points total impact of base band to the companys gross margin off the reported 54.3% is about 170 basis points, headwind associated with the base band and I would say despite that the strength when you net that out in terms of a number it was even on the back of a very, very strong connectivity quarter where connectivity was up over 20% quarter-on-quarter. So I would say the gross margins holding in there quite well even given sort of well I can say the modestly unfavorable mix towards connectivity relative to our other businesses.
Operator: Next question is from Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Research.
Srini Pajjuri  CLSA Research: Thank you. Scott you talked about ASIC to ASSP transition as one of the drivers for the networking business. To what extent that particular trend helped you in the last few quarter and as we look out to the next several quarters I am just trying to understand how big that opportunity is that you think you capture going forward? And then also given that some of your bigger customers are moving to ASSPs whats the risk there some of these customers would go back to ASIC in the future?
Scott McGregor: I think we have seen some benefit from that at various customers over the last year or so. I think a lot of the opportunities still in from of us if you look at the industry there is still a fair amount of ASIC being used and so we view that as an opportunity to the extend we can do a better job than they could do internally with their ASICs. So I dont expect to be completely monolithic, one directional, it will be a bit lumpy but overall I believe the trend will continue and well see a general trend towards increasing merchant solutions replacing ASIC overtime.
Operator: We take the next question from Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company.
Timothy Arcuri  Cowen and Company: Hi, I had more of a longer term question Scott, does Qualcomms purchase of CSR and what they got for the business, they got about 2.7 times EBITDA sales does that sort of either one change the competitive landscape in mobile connectivity or more likely does it maybe make you think a little differently about what you could get for that business if you sold it, and maybe you could just talk about that a little bit? Thanks.
Scott McGregor: I think in terms of the transaction it doesnt really change the competitive landscape for us. I mean we are already competing with them as a separate company doesnt really changed move the ownership on that. We already most of that technology as it is. So doesnt really change the landscape for us. In terms of connectivity business it isnt for sale per se but we think thats a pretty good business going forward. Of course if somebody us a big enough check we would always look at it but generally that business isnt for sale and as you can see from a numbers its doing extremely well with strong growth and increased profitability.
Operator: Next question is from Christopher Caso with Susquehanna financial group. Please go ahead.
Christopher Caso  Susquehanna: Hi, thank you. Just with the new reporting segment with broadband and connectivity if you can give us some help in what we should think about seasonality of that segment now that its combined I suppose that we should be following the same seasonal patterns we saw on the connectivity business perhaps just a bit more muted with the addition of broadband into that segment.
Scott McGregor: Yes its interesting, Chris it is more, its very similar, the challenge is you use 04 to 14 08 to 14 generally speaking I think the way to think about the business is down sort of mid to single digits in the first quarter up mid-single digits in the second quarter, up mid-single to high single digits in the third quarter and down sort of low to mid-single digits in the fourth quarter. Now the standard deviation of each of those is about the same as the actual average. So its a fairly wide distribution but thats roughly what it is.
Operator: Next question is from Doug Freedman with RBC Capital Markets.
Doug Freedman  RBC Capital Markets: Hi, guys thanks for taking my question. Looking at the results [I am not] sure that you had a decent amount of buyback in your commentary talks about returning cash to shareholders. Can you maybe give us a little bit of details of maybe what the strategy is there and if you purchased any of what level of stock you repurchased quarter- to-date?
Scott McGregor: Doug I cant comment on what we would have purchased quarter-to-date. We will talk more about that obviously as the quarter ends. But we repurchased a little over 12 million shares year-to-date. We said that we would plan to repurchase approximately $800 million of stock over the next four quarters. We did $277 million this quarter. Our U.S. cash is up partially due to our debt financing and call as well as the settlement of some IRS audit, so that we now have $2.7 billion in cash from U.S. which is increasing our flexibility on buyback. So I dont want to steal my own thunder for Analyst Day but needless to say I think we are in a better strategic position relative to buybacks going forward then we were just a quarter ago.
Operator: Next question is from Matt Ramsay with Canaccord Genuity.
Matt Ramsay  Canaccord Genuity: Yes, thank you for taking my question. Scott when you guys announced that you are exiting the baseband business I think you laid out some different buckets of mid and low tier mobile device connectivity revenue that might be at risk in the long-term with that exit, I think $500 million to $600 million were the buckets, maybe you can give us an update on whats progressed so far, where things are along that progress and then secondly if you have any comments about how you Intel investing with Spreadtrum to your partners and connectively you might affect the growth or decline in that business going forward. Thanks.
Scott McGregor: So in terms of the guide lines we gave we size the entire sort of low and mid business as an area that might have potential risk and you know that was sort of a theoretical worst case and we certainly havent much erosion on that business. To be sure we have seen erosion at the lower end of the business and we have seen increased traction at the higher end of the business which is driving a favorable mix and that certainly helped us in the quarter. In terms of the Spreadtrum deal one of our competitors did, we dont see that as really changing things very much. I think that might have been more of something to work with the Chinese government rather than specific product things, but it remains to be seen how that plays out. In general the Spreadtrum team partners very well with us and I see that continuing in terms of working together on connectivity.
Operator: Next question is from Christopher Rolland with FBR Capital Markets.
Scott McGregor: Chris? Leslie, can we take another caller?
Operator: Okay. Next question is Craig Ellis of B. Riley.
Craig Ellis  B. Riley: Thanks for taking the questions, some interesting product developments. Scott can you put the Tomoahawk product announcement in context relative to the strong product cycles that you saw with Trident I and Trident II and then with the sensor hub announcement, when would you expect that to be generating material revenues?
Scott McGregor: Generally it takes on the order of a year for when we sample until when we see launches of products and so thats why we said, Tomoahawk wed expect begin to see revenue in the end of next year. And I think its important to understand that Tomoahawk represents a new family of products that is in parallel or its a peer with our Trident products. So its not a new version of Trident, its a new product family. And I think what you are seeing us do is really create specialized products for the high-end cloud datacenters versus the enterprise datacenters and really be able to meet the needs of all of those markets. So you see the new 25 gig products with Tomoahawk and we have a very strong 10 gig family with Trident and both of those we expect to do well. Generally it takes a year or so before the product starts to launch and then its a fairly long cycle. These are products that have five-six-seven year cycles overall, sort of like the automotive business in terms of once you get in you are in for a very long period of time. So they tend to be fairly sticky, fairly good and again the key point is by launching additional families of products here we are going to be able to broaden out and as this market grows we will be able to see a broad pick-up across it.
Operator: Next question CJ Muse with ISI Group.
CJ Muse  ISI Group: Hi, thank you for taking my question. I guess I had two points of clarification. First, Scott on the connectivity side, did I hear you correctly suggest that business is up 20% in September and if so were you including cellular? And then secondly, Eric, if I go back to your announcement on the why down at cellular, I believe you guys talked about $700 million of OpEx savings and then reinvesting $50 million. So thats a total of $650 million or roughly 160 plus per quarter. You talked about 100-135 exiting the year out of the system, so my math says roughly 30-60 incremental into 2015, is that the right math or should I be thinking something else? Thank you.
Scott McGregor: On your first question you did hear me correctly, connectivity was up 20% quarter-over-quarter and that is not inclusive of the cellular baseband business, which we reported separately. That also was up very strongly but not included in that 20% quarter-over-quarter number for connectivity.
Eric Brandt: And CJ just to respond so to break-up the various owners of the cost reduction, there was $600 million of operating expenses reduction plus $100 million of stock base comp reduction and I was speaking and there was $50 million of operating expenses added to that. So if you look at that, thats where I got the $550 million and roughly about $137 million. On the stock base comp component of $100 million that was a top down estimate and you will see in our Q now that we sort of the specific people Ill tell you the specific difference. We did a top down estimate and we took it as a percentage of the total company, when you actually look at what actually we terminated a large chunk of those people came from [Renaissance] and they only had one soft grant as opposed to a four layered grant and so that STC numbers probably closer to $50 million than to a $100 million. Having said that, consistent with my prior comments earlier the long-term granting will be consistent with what weve talk about in the past and you get the full effect of that to that in the future grant and as I said Ill talk more about that at analyst day.
Operator: Next question from [inaudible].
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Hey Scott. People are asking what your plans might be over the medium term and I think it stems from the fact that baseband was a business that you really got behind and supported, it was a key part of the mobile strategy but now Broadcom centering these other two businesses there is more of a focus on free cash flow capital return and so investors are asking if you are still motivated and looking forward to running this company next year or should we be bracing for change come the Analyst Day.
Scott McGregor: Well, I am pretty excited about this company. I mean we have got record revenue, we have got record profitability. I mean there is a lot to be excited about here. Our businesses are performing extremely well. I think we got some great growth opportunities and everything from small cells to internet of things just the whole roll out of HEVC. So no, my motivation is not diminished in any way.
Operator: Next question from Kevin Cassidy with Stifel.
Kevin Cassidy  Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. Eric you had mentioned increase in tape-out costs, are you going to lower geometries or maybe could you give us the split what geometries your tape out cost are going towards?
Eric Brandt: 65% of our tape out cost are below 40.
Kevin Cassidy  Stifel Nicolaus: And you are saying below 28?
Eric Brandt: Yes, but I am not going to break that out. So there is spending below 28 as well.
Operator: Next question is from Blaine Curtis with Barclays
Blaine Curtis  Barclays: Thanks for taking my question. Eric you restated the financials, I think some moving pieces VoIP went down, infrastructure but I think even the profitability on some of the other ones is there any easy way to sum-up all the moving pieces or any color there will be helpful?
Eric Brandt: Yes, so the best way to do this Blaine is to go back and look at prior periods and you can see the revenue delta in broadband pre new segment and post new segment and in there you will see what was added from the standpoint of connectivity which is the vast majority of connectivity, all  and because now you have the cellular revenues as well and all but the VoIP business which when subtract the all ING revenue from the new ING revenue in the same period you will get that number which is running around $20 million. So you should be able to get pretty good clarity on the revenue for the connectivity business and with the commentary in the Q which talks about how much things have moved up and down and connectivity is made up of principally the Wi-Fi business and combo chip business and whats considered other wireless product, there is a little bit of other stuff in there but its mostly those two pieces.
Operator: Next question is from Steven Chin with UBS.
Steven Chin  UBS: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Two quick ones on the networking business, if I can. Firstly in terms of the impairment charges on the NetLogic assets, any color on which product areas those impairments were taking on? And secondly with respect to the Tomoahawk 25-gig, 50-gig product is that seen as incremental to the existing sort of 10-gig, 40-gig switching TAM or its just sort of the conversion of some of that 10-gig, 40-gig demand over to 25-gig, 50-gig? Thanks.
Eric Brandt: So I will start on the NetLogic charge. The NetLogic charge is about $125 million tied to EP or processors and about 75 give or take tied to TCAMs or KBPs.
Scott McGregor: I think just an overall summary on the NetLogic impairment is, hey look were pretty disappointed with the results and now weve taken multiple impairments on this and I think for us there is a lesson learned about looking at high revenue growth as a basis for an acquisition. And so I think well factor that into our future M&A thinking. So just an overall comment on that, on your Tomoahawk question, I see Tomoahawk as incremental and not cannibalistic on our Trident business. So our view is that it broadens us out into a wider range and applicability for the new kinds of data centers that are going to be built, were seeing these very, very large scale data centers now being designed and these new Tomoahawk products are really scaled to support that.
Operator: Next question is from Christopher Rolland with FBR Capital Markets.
Christopher Rolland  FBR Capital Markets: Hey guys, thanks for letting me ask the question and nice quarter. If you guys could talk about set top box, so weak guidance and comments from some smaller guys in the space and then also some weak comments from set top box OEM areas and I am just wondering is it all share gains versus your smallest competitors is that how you explain that? And then how do you sort of explain your results versus weakness at fairly large OEM? Thanks.
Scott McGregor: I think our business at Broadcom in set top box area is exceptionally broad. We cover a very large number of customers and a large set of geographies and so when we look at our business we are less susceptible to single model or single designs at individual MSOs. And so we dont see the volatility you see in some of these smaller competitors on top of that we are gaining share and so we believe that we have taken share over the last couple of quarters and hope to continue to do so and especially right now in the emerging geographies where we have got incredible strong product growth.
Operator: Great, next question is from [Ambrish Srivastava] with BMO.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thank you Scott. I just wanted to follow up on NetLogic. What was the lesson learned because at that time it seemed like a very compelling idea and if I tally it the impairments they have actually dont remember off the top of my head. So was it the due diligence was not there or the opportunity that you were going after has evaporated and then kind of relates to that would you now need to go and sell that all? Thank you.
Scott McGregor: I think on the NetLogic thing the acquisition case for us was a combination of things. It was a strategic set of technologies we wanted to have in the company including processor technology and increasing share across a broad range of our infrastructure products and frankly we did get that. It was also based though on some growth assumptions both for the industry and for the particular product family and I think we saw a couple of things happen one is the industry growth evaporated shortly after we did the transaction. So that was the first write down there. And then after that we just didnt see the growth materialize that we have thought in some of the areas. And in particular in the processors we didnt anticipate the rapid shift I think to arm processors for a lot of the new procurements. And so we had a largely mid space processor family and weve since moved a lot of that to arm but I dont think we anticipated the speed of that. In terms of a diligence well probably hard to diligence some of that I mean if we were perfectly able to appear in the future we would have gotten it but I think the lesson for us here is that any kind of revenue growth in a large acquisition we probably need to put a higher risk factor on it and weigh that in the valuation we look at and our inclination to do the deal. So thats what I take away personally from that and I think we will just be a little more skeptical of growth forecast on large transactions. Small transaction we often see very high growth but we often get those. So I dont think its so much a smaller transaction but it was a $3.7 billion transaction and very large transaction and we didnt get the growth we were looking for. So I think if we ever another large transaction we are looking at you will probably see us financially risk adjust the opportunity substantially more than we did with the NetLogic transaction.
Operator: The next question from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company.
Quinn Bolton  Needham & Company: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to follow up on the set-top box any comments you may be able to share just on the effective M&A in the space specially in North America, is that anything or that any of the drag you are seeing in the fourth quarter do you see sort of business as usual in the North America geography? And then I have got a follow-up.
Scott McGregor: I would say in the set top box business the various M&A between the MSOs is probably somewhat positive for us. We have pretty high share across the different companies. So we are not so susceptible to share loss with the merging but rather it often as part of their case for doing the combination is to accelerate technology and push out new boxes faster and thats actually very good for us because it allows us to take things like HEVC and other new technologies we are doing and get them more quickly to market which is very much in our interest as we can turn over the older boxes and get the newer technology out there so it facilitates that. So I would say the M&A is generally neutral to somewhat positive because of that technology acceleration.
Operator: Next question David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David Wong  Wells Fargo: Thanks very much. Can you give us any estimate of what you recon your market share in connectivity in phones is at the moment and where you expect that might go in the long-term?
Scott McGregor: We dont quote market share numbers but I would say overall we are the number one market share leader in the space and certainly in the high end we have very high share. I would say most of the high end smartphones are Broadcom based for connectivity. And I dont see that changing going forward.
Operator: Next question Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James.
Hans Mosesmann  Raymond James: Thanks, going back to the NetLogic impairment on the processor side of the equation, is that impacting the timing of your multi-core arm processor for 2016 and can you confirm thats going to be 16 nanometer FinFET.
Scott McGregor: Well we havent announced product details on that. We have simply talked about architecture but the various actions we have talked about dont have bearing in terms of the timing of that architecture.
Operator: Thank you Question from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney  Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much for taking the question. It look like infrastructure operating margins declined this quarter I think by my math about 33% from 37% last quarter. Can you just help me understand what the drivers there were in terms of mix or corporate overhead or how that broke out?
Eric Brandt: Sure Mark, yes about 400 basis points in Q2 we had favorable one time non-standard cost benefits in gross margins and in Q3 we actually had unfavorable, unrelated non-standard margin effect. Those two one-time effects sort of positive in Q2 and negative in Q3 are 300 of the 400 basis points. The other 100 basis points is principally slightly higher R&D spending or OpEx spending on a slightly lower revenue rate. So its really just sort of if you net those two things out its really more like a one point which would be consistent with the trend of the business.
Operator: The next question is from Ruben Roy with Piper Jaffray.
Ruben Roy  Piper Jaffray: Thank, Scott can you give us a roughly idea of what the mix is between service provider and data center at this point. You talked about very robust growth over the last couple of years, I am wondering if you can give us your thoughts on how you see these two separate businesses growing over the next several years, do you think datacenter outgrows service provider or how do you look at this mix? Thank you.
Scott McGregor: We think of it is as three difference pieces. There is service provider there is data center as you mentioned. We also think of the enterprise business which tends to be the equipment closets and stuff like that across companies and what not where we have a pretty good share. And were roughly one third in each of those I would say service provider was probably higher than that maybe as higher as 40% until recently but softness in service provider and the acceleration of the datacenter probably put it back closer to the one-third each. I would observe though our service provider businesses has done better then peers. Many of our peers reported double-digit declines and I think our service provider business was down roughly 2.5% quarter-over-quarter so definitely performing better than peers, I think a combination due to breadth of our product and breadth of our customer there so we didnt see as much as some competitors did with a narrower customer base. Overall I see that business continuing to grow overall. Its been a double-digit grower for us for the last three years and I think over the next few years we will continue to see a double-digit CAGR on that business.
Operator: Next question from Betsy Van Hees with Wedbush Securities.
Betsy Van Hees  Wedbush Securities: Hi, good afternoon and congratulations on the quarter and the guidance. A couple of questions. The first one is on the inventory levels it looks like the inventory went down nicely to 65 days, we are 61, I was wondering if you could help us understand what products went down, how we look at inventory for the December quarter and then how is inventory given theres so much concern about whats happening in the macro out in your distribution channel is the first question I know there is multiple parts. And then my second question has to deal with the acquisition of NetLogic how is your appetite today for acquisitions and what areas are you looking or do you think you need to add to your portfolio? Thanks.
Scott McGregor: So Betsy on the inventory, naturally when we guided Q3 coming out of Q2 because inventory is a backward looking number, we saw the strength of Q3 coming, so we have slighter higher days in Q2 than we had in Q3 and the turns improved. I think as we roll into Q4 we are very much trying to manage our inventory trends in the sort of 6.5 to 7.5 turns range and I think we are in the middle of range and I expect we will manage in the middle of that range maybe even slightly better going into Q4.
Eric Brandt: In terms of M&A I do expect we will continue to do M&A and we historically we have had the best results small and medium acquisitions that bring things you know at the BC level of funding bring things in at the early stage of revenue where we can add a lot of value in terms of expanding that to multiple customers and putting a quality infrastructure in place for a smaller company. So thats our sweetest spot I think in M&A and we will try and focus on that. We will look at other things from time to time but probably as I mentioned earlier youll probably see our hurdle rate go up a little higher for those and you know we will look to try and optimize for shareholders value.
Betsy Van Hees  Wedbush Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time I would like to turn the call back to Scott for final remarks.
Scott McGregor: Id like to thank everyone for joining us today. In summary our broadband and infrastructure segments really delivered solid results in the September quarter. Broadcom has a renewed focus on profitable growth and the results that they really represent and embody strategy. We will communicate further about our product strategy, our business model and our plans for enhanced shareholders return at our Analyst Day on December 9th in Newport Beach and if you like more information on this event please give Peter or Sameer a call. With that thank you very much and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Zegarelli - Senior Director, IR Scott McGregor - President and CEO Eric Brandt - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Mark Lipacis - Jefferies Matt Ramsay - Canaccord Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets Craig Ellis - B. Riley Ryan Carver - Credit Suisse Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs CJ Muse - ISI Group Gabriel Ho - BMO Capital Markets Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets Blaine Curtis - Barclays David Wong - Wells Fargo Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Nicolaus Quinn Bolton - Needham Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom Q2 2014 Earnings Call. My name is Adrienne, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Chris Zegarelli. Chris Zegarelli, you may begin.
Chris Zegarelli: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Today's call will include prepared remarks by Scott McGregor, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Eric Brandt, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This call will include forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause Broadcom's results to differ materially and adversely from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the earnings release, which was furnished with the SEC today and is available on our website and in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports of on Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. Additionally, throughout this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Today's earnings release and the related current report on Form 8-K describe the differences between our non-GAAP and GAAP reporting and present a reconciliation between the two for the periods reported in the release. Please also see the Investors section of our website at investor.broadcom.com for a slide deck that includes additional information disclosed in accordance with SEC Regulation G. Now it is my pleasure to introduce Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer, Scott McGregor.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. Broadcom performed well in the June quarter, with revenue near the midpoint of guidance, operating expenses at the low end of the guided range, and non-GAAP EPS ahead of consensus. On June 2, we announced that we were exiting the sale of our baseband business, through either a sale or wind down. Since then we have been testing the market for interest in a potential transaction. We made the decision to pursue a wind down, which minimizes the ongoing losses from the business, and enables us to focus on our core strengths that much more quickly. We begun to implement our exit and expect ongoing customer commitments to decline over the remainder of the year. Looking forward, we have a renewed focus on the Broadband, Connectivity and Infrastructure markets. For example, in infrastructure, we are driving a new 25-gig Ethernet switch standard, to help customers manage the exponential growth of traffic in the data center. We also see momentum building in new growth areas, including automotive. In Broadband, we are leading the transition to HEVC and Ultra HD with targeted engagements around the globe. We are also continuing to gain share in PON and see new product cycles coming in Broadband Access. In Connectivity, we continue to drive leading-edge features, to maintain our strength in high end smartphones and tablets. We are also strengthening and diversifying the business, with new low power connectivity solutions for the Internet of Things and the support of iBeacon and HomeKit. Going forward, Broadcom will be a stronger company, as we focus on our core businesses. Our gross margins will go up, profitability will improve, and we will be in a position to return more capital to shareholders. We will go into these items in more detail later in the call, but first, I'd like to turn the call over to Eric, for details on the second quarter results and third quarter guidance.
Eric Brandt: Thanks Scott. As Chris mentioned, please refer to the data breakout in the Investors section of our web site for additional information that will supplement my financial commentary. Moving to the financial overview; to summarize, total revenue came in at $2.04 billion, up 2.9% sequentially and down 2.3% year-over-year. Q2 non-GAAP product gross margin was up 280 basis points from Q1 to 55%. Q2 GAAP product gross margin was 50.8%. Non-GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were flat sequentially, while GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were down $5 million. Q2 non-GAAP EPS was $0.65 pr $0.04 above First Call consensus of $0.61 per share. Q2 GAAP EPS was breakeven. Cash flow from operations for Q2 was $225 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance at the end of the quarter was $5 billion. Moving to revenue and gross margin; in April and again in June, we said that we expected Q2 revenue between $2 billion and $2.1 billion. We delivered revenue near the midpoint of the range at $2.04 billion. Our Broadband communications revenue came in ahead of expectations at $625 million, up roughly 12% sequentially, upside in the quarter was across the board. Revenue from our Infrastructure and Networking segment came in ahead of expectations at $635 million, up roughly 10% sequentially. Upside in the quarter was driven by Ethernet switch, particularly in the data center and service provider markets. Our Mobile and Wireless segment decreased roughly 8% sequentially to $781 million, driven principally by a sequential reduction in sales of cellular SoCs to $84 million in the June quarter. Our Q2 non-GAAP gross margin was up 280 basis points from Q1 to 55%, ahead of the upwardly revised guidance provided in June. Our Q2 GAAP product gross margin was up from Q1 to 50.8%. Moving to operating expenses; total non-GAAP and SG&A expenses for Q2 were flat from Q1 levels, which is at the low end of our expected range, principally driven by lower mask and related spending. On a GAAP basis, R&D and SG&A expenses for Q2 were down $5 million from Q1 levels. Moving to the balance sheet; cash and marketable securities ended Q2 at $5 billion; of which, 42% is in the U.S. Cash flow from operations was $225 million. During the quarter we paid $70 million in dividends to our shareholders, and repurchased 6.2 million shares of stock at a cost of $191 million. Our Q2 receivables days sales outstanding were 36 days and net inventory turns were 6.5.  Moving to the cellular baseband update and associated restructuring. As a result of our decision to execute a wind down of our cellular baseband business, we recognize the following restructuring and impairment charges during the quarter. First, we recorded restructuring costs of $23 million; this part of the restructuring currently impacts roughly 250 of primarily SG&A employees. In addition, as part of these actions, we also recorded $130 million of non-cash charges for the impairment of certain long term assets, such as property and equipment and EDA tools and licenses, as well as $34 million in inventory write-offs. We expect to record an additional $230 million of principally cash based restructuring charges over the next 12 months related to the further reduction of our worldwide headcount by an additional 2,250 employees, the closing or consolidation of 18 locations, and the termination of certain existing contracts. For further discussion of these proceeding charges, please see our 10-Q that we anticipate filing later today. Moving to expectations; we currently expect net revenue in Q3 to be $2.1 billion to $2.25 billion, of which cellular SoCs should be $50 million to $60 million. From a segment perspective, we expect Broadband to be up slightly; Infrastructure to be roughly flat; and Mobile and Wireless to be up. We expect Q3 non-GAAP gross margins to be 55%, plus or minus 75 basis points, and GAAP gross margins to be 52.5%, plus or minus 75 basis points. We expect non-GAAP and GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses to be down $40 million to $60 million. Finally, the company intends to double its planned share of purchases over the next 12 months to roughly $800 million plus. And now I'd like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor: Thanks Eric. Starting with the home platform, our Broadband communications revenue came in ahead of expectations at $625 million, up roughly 12% sequentially and 10% year-over-year. Strength in the quarter was broad-based, including upside in both set top box and broadband modem platforms. Our set top box franchise continues to perform well. In the quarter it delivered 8% sequential growth, driven by share gains in emerging markets, that continued a ramp of richer features, including multi-stream transcoding, more tuners and a stronger mix of MoCA-enabled platforms. The longer term growth drivers for set-top box include the transition to HEVC and Ultra HD. This month, Broadcom powered live Ultra HD broadcast of the 2014 World Cup events, in partnership with Sagemcom, Oi and NETServicos. We are still very early in the transition to Ultra HD and see this strength as a powerful product cycle that will contribute growth over the coming years. Turning to Access; broadband modem sales reached a multiyear high in Q2, and grew more than 15% year-on-year. Strength was broad-based across cable, DSL and PON. In small cells, we announced our latest generation LTE offerings last week, which are optimized for bill of materials cost, and at the core platforms, that leverage our Wi-Fi, DSL, cable and PON solutions. Looking into Q3, we expect modest sequential growth on our Broadband business, driven by continued strength across set-top box and broadband modem platforms. Moving to Infrastructure; our Infrastructure networking revenue came in ahead of expectations at $635 million, up almost 10% sequentially, and almost 25% year-on-year. We saw broad based growth in the quarter, across all major segments, service provider, data center, and enterprise. Growth was driven primarily by sales into the data center and service provider segments. In data center, growth has been driven by the transition to public cloud, share gains, displacement of ASICs with Broadcom ASSPs and product cycle transitions, including the continued ramp of 10-gig. On the service provider side, growth has been driven by LTE buildouts and backhaul deployments, particularly in China. During the quarter, and in partnership with other cloud market leaders, we announced a new 25-gig and 50-gig Ethernet specification to drive performance and cost efficiency in data centers. We believe that the 25-gig and 50-gig technology will be the next intra-RAC interconnect standard in the data center. As we look into Q3, we expect the Infrastructure revenue to decline slightly sequentially. Moving to our HAM [ph] platform, our mobile reduction and sales of cellular SoCs. Connectivity declined roughly 2% sequentially, in line with expectations. On the connectivity sign, we saw sequential growth across non-mobile segments. Our team continues to execute on our vision for the Internet of Things and wearables. We announced new low power connectivity solutions for the next generation wearables, as both support for iBeacon and HomeKit. We also announced our first generation SoCs for wireless charging. On the Access Point side, NETGEAR introduced the world's fastest Wi-Fi router, powered by Broadcom. Looking into Q3, we see strong sequential growth in mobile and wireless, driven by strength in connectivity. In summary, the decision to exit the sale of baseband business, puts Broadcom on the path towards being a stronger, more profitable company, that can return more capital to shareholders. We have a renewed focus on the broadband connectivity and infrastructure markets, and are positioned well in these dynamic segments of the communication semiconductor market. This concludes our prepared comments, and we are now ready for your questions. Adrienne, may we have the first question please?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). And we have Vivek Arya from Bank of America online with the question. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question. Scott, now that you have given us very specific number for connectivity, around $700 million or so in the last quarter, you are guiding it up in Q3. How should we think about the sustainable growth rate of that business, as they look out into next year? I understand they are early, but I think that has been a key investor question, as you exit certain parts of the wireless market, what is the impact on connectivity? Should we be thinking about it being flat next year, down 10%, down 15%, any color would be very helpful?
Scott McGregor: I think it's hard to give you a good number for that, and it's due to a number of factors influencing our business in connectivity. On the negative side, we have headwinds from the loss in the paired connectivity products we had, that were associated with our baseband shift, which will go away. We make some of that back up to the extent that platforms that are friendly to our connectivity solution pick it up instead of us. We expect to see some continued erosion in the low to mid range of platforms as well. On the positive side, we have new technologies ramping. We have some ASP increases, as we are able to add additional functionality for some customers, and we believe that things like Internet of Things and automotive and wearables and things like that will contribute somewhat. Well it's pretty hard to forecast exactly how much that will contribute next year. So with that mix of different things, it's pretty hard to forecast an overall number for you. But those are the different factors that influence the revenue next year.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then on the Infrastructure business, very strong, almost 25% year-on-year record, 40% or close to that operating margins. Xilinx just reported some weakness in their wireless business. I understand, its not apples-to-apples. But at what point should we be worried about the infrastructure business running too hot, or are you seeing enough product cycles to justify sustainable double digit growth trajectory in that business? Thank you.
Scott McGregor: Good question. I think we have seen double digit growth over the last three years in that business, and I do expect them to continue to outgrow peers. The question for us is, how much will be spent by the Infrastructure players, the service providers and cloud data centers and so forth. Our strength over the course of this year, was about two-thirds data center driven, and one-third service provider driven. And to the extent that we see additional waves of LTE buildouts, especially in China, that will be helpful to sustaining that growth. I think we have seen some of the telco service providers say that their capital spend tends to be more first half than second half, so that might impact the second half of this year, but could also be positive for the first half of next year. So we need to see how those different things balance out. Overall, I expect our Infrastructure business to probably be closer to flat, I'd say sequentially, slightly down. But I'd say it's probably closer to flat, going into the next quarter, based on the trends we are seeing.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Srini Pajjuri from CLSA Research. Please go ahead.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA: Thank you. Eric, you know, given your guidance for OpEx, [indiscernible] $40 million to $60 million in Q3. How should we think about it going forward? I mean, how long do you think it will take for us to realize the full benefits of baseband exit?
Eric Brandt: So Srini if you look, probably $10 million of spending came out of this quarter, as we began to slow down spending related to the baseband. If you just take the midpoint of the 40 to 60, which is 50, recognize that that only represents two of the three months with the cost reduction in place. So you'd add another 25. So a full quarterized run rate of the reduction is actually closer to a $75 million OpEx reduction. So what you will see is, an additional reduction of OpEx going into Q4.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA: So do you think it will be fully done by the end of Q4?
Eric Brandt: I would say that the majority of the personnel costs will be done by the end of Q4, early Q1. There will be some facilities and things that will probably run their way through Q1 and into Q2 of next year, but the vast majority of the cost reduction should be out of the company by the end of the year.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA: Okay. And then, maybe it's for you or Scott, in terms of the buybacks, its good to see you guys raising that number to $800 million. But given that you have north of $2 billion in the U.S., what's stopping you there from being a bit more aggressive here?
Scott McGregor: Well, I mean, we have said in the past that we would like to have about $1 billion of U.S. cash, so we are taking $2.1 billion down to $1.3 billion. I think the right way to think about this Srini, what we have said before is that, we are actually looking at ways to sustainably increase our share repurchases by increasing our U.S. cash flow, relative to what the mix is between U.S. and foreign, and what we really wanted to do is, show our investors that we were not standing still, and that we were starting the movement now, despite the fact that we haven't yet communicated some of the long term changes which could improve U.S. cash flow.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA: Okay, great. If I could ask one more; Scott, just going back to the Infrastructure comment, you said -- I think the guidance for flat to down in Q3, could you give us some color as to why its flat? I mean, I understand, looks like the China build is [indiscernible] but is it what's causing it to be a bit more cautious or is there anything else going on there? Thank you.
Scott McGregor: Well at flat its substantially growing year-over-year. So as we mentioned in Q2, it has grown like 25% year-over-year, so that's incredibly strong growth and holding at those levels is quite good. We have a number of things that influence us there. We have new product cycles. We are seeing incredible strength in the Trident family of products. We are also seeing some share gains. I mentioned some conversion of internal ASICs into merchant silicon that we provide, so we are able to gain some share. So a combination of different things there, and so its a combination of those share gains and those product cycles for us as well as the overall infrastructure spend that drives that number.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Harlan Sur from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan: Thank you for taking my question. Given the ramp of your high end 5-gig combo solution into one of your tier-1 customer platforms in the second half, looks like your mobile and wireless business is growing about 15% to 20% sequentially in Q3, and that's even with the sharp decline in the baseband business. I guess the question is, given what appears to be continued solid traction at the high end, do you anticipate your high end combo business will grow this year over last year, and how does your design win pipeline at the high end look, as you sort of think about kind of the next 12 months?
Scott McGregor: Well we certainly do expect strong sequential growth into the third quarter for our products there, and that is driven by product cycles and some launches from key customers. I can't give you much more detail on those, you will have to wait till those roll out. In terms of overall growth this year, I think that's probably challenging, because the loss we see on the baseband side, as we pull back on the baseband, and some of the challenges we have had in terms of share there. So in terms of design wins, we see very strong design win programs going forward. We have got great products, and we are coming out with new technologies and a lot of different things, and so I think for us, its very much business as usual in terms of winning those high end designs.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan: Thanks for that Scott. And then the Broadband business obviously grew very nicely in the first half of this year. You are guiding for slight growth in Q3. You mentioned set-top boxes in access. As you look into the second half, any specific drivers? I know you talked about Ultra HD, HEVC, maybe a new product cycle in PON. You've also talked about emerging market share gains. Any specific drivers you can point to in the second half, and is it a more developed country or emerging country, emerging market driven?
Scott McGregor: I think we got a very nice tailwind with emerging countries right now. We got some good share gains there. We got great products and you may recall a number of years ago, we were trying to penetrate that market, but basically using repriced U.S. products which wasn't working so well. We now have targeted products for the emerging countries that are more favorable margin for us, and a better fit for the features that they need. So that's going really well. Ultra HD and HEVC, I see this as more of a revenue driver into next year, rather than this year, so that's where growth will come from next year. And while the revenue isn't until next year, that is a very big factor for design wins this year. So all of the set-top box, MSOs and so forth, looking at deploying designs, are really choosing based on the quality and the maturity of the HEVC and Ultra HD technology, and I think we are unparalleled in that space.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you. I wonder if you could talk about the gross margin improvement in the third quarter, what drives that with the connectivity growing as a portion of the mix?
Scott McGregor: Yeah Joe, I would say a couple of things, one is you're right that we do see a pickup in the connectivity, which does create a bit of a headwind, but I would say that, we continue to see improvements in the mix within our business units, which is helping the gross margin over the quarter, and really to produce a 55% gross margin, which we think is a pretty stable gross margin for the business.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Okay great. Thank you. And then in terms of the close to 40% segment margins in Infrastructure and Networking, that's pretty high relative to history. Do you see redeploying some of the expenses from wireless into that segment? How should we think about segment profits there?
Eric Brandt: I think the segment profits are very strong, and Joe there tends to be a cyclical effect, when we see growth that high, typically, the growth outpaces the OpEx of the groups, and so it runs the OI up. So I don't think you should model 40 as the ongoing OI for that segment, but it certainly will be true, as we are in high growth phases, and it could be there again.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we have Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank on line with the question. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Hi guys. Just want to focus on the connectivity side with two questions. First, for the strong third quarter guidance, now is that more content going up on the ASP side, the units, any color on that front will be helpful?
Eric Brandt: Its definitely an ASP improvement as well as some volume launches with key customers, and so its a combination of those things. So it should be a very-very strong quarter for connectivity.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Then I guess, looking a little bit longer term, Eric, you talked to us a little bit about what the OpEx trajectory would be, with exiting baseband. Can you give us a little bit of color on what you think the revenue trajectory will be, not only on that side, but if you have any update on what you think the low to mid-end of connectivity will also do, in addition to that baseband revenue? Thanks.
Eric Brandt: So Ross, we have no change to what we have said in the low to mid-end of connectivity in terms of our exposure. I would say with respect to baseband, you can see it come down from 142, and this is all in the Q, to 84, to a number that's somewhere in the 50s in Q3, and I wouldn't be surprised if that number gets cut in half in Q4. I think after that, we won't forecast, and we will sort of view it as upside, because we don't believe that will be material for the business.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. I think that somebody mentioned, you got core business margins that are kind of at record highs at this point. What are you guys thinking for a long term operating model for the business, once the baseband exit is in the rearview mirror? What kind of operating margins for the steady state do you think you can get? And should we be expecting, I guess, a change to your historical expectations, which I think were in the low 20s?
Scott McGregor: Stacy, probably the best way to answer your question is to give you a picture of what it looks like now. We said we will talk more about it, and I would say, that's more of the product of the portfolio work we will do. But if you look at the quarter two as it stands today, we reported $0.65. If you include the shared overhead that sticks in the company at the end of this period, and you remove the effect of cellular from the company, it adds about $0.15 to $0.17 of EPS to the current quarter. So something just around the low 80s would be the number that it would add, and if you take that number and sort of plug it into the revenue, it adds about five points to what we actually booked at 20.45ish points. So you are looking at a number that's sort of 25.5% and so, as a company, we anticipate the operating margins will expand, as Scott mentioned, and Q2 was a good picture, once I peel apart the cellular piece for you, in terms of the underlying operating margins of the company actually look like.
Eric Brandt: So Stacy, for 15 years, we basically said our operating margins were in that fixed range, and I think what Eric's saying here is that, at Analyst Day this year, we are prepared to talk about how much they will go up. We are still working on that exact number and range though.
Operator: And our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri from Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company: Hi. Thanks. Just a follow-up to that question; relative to the savings that you're saving in baseband, can you somehow segment out, how you're going to redeploy those savings between broadband and IMG, because the comment to the last question would suggest that you're not going to redeploy many of those savings. So I am wondering, how to think about that? Thanks.
Eric Brandt: Okay. So first of all Tim, that's a misunderstanding, and I apologize if we weren't clear. When I gave you those five points, that actually factors in the component of the costs that are sticky, in terms of share d engineering, and the $50 million of reinvestment that we talked about. So if you didn't include those, actually it would go up even slightly higher than that. And so, we are going to work through our portfolio process, but we have a number of opportunities we believe in Broadband and in Infrastructure, which we will deploy that incremental $50 million against.
Operator: And our next question comes from Christopher Caso from Susquehanna Financial. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna: Yes, thank you. Wondered if you could talk a little bit about your approach to M&A opportunities going forward? That's always been a tool in the Broadcom arsenal. I guess, with the increased buyback that you're planning here, does that limit your ability or reduce your ability to M&A going forward, and maybe just talk in general, what your feeling is now, post baseband?
Scott McGregor: Historically Broadcom has bought on the order on one or two companies a quarter, and I think you will continue to see us active in the M&A space. We tend to prefer a lot of the smaller transactions though, smaller mid-sized transaction. So by that, we mean, small hundreds of millions of dollars generally on-size, and we have made excursions significantly above that. But I don't see that as a common thing for us, I think you will see us look for those relatively small tuck-in opportunities that are new technologies, and I don't think our share buyback will compete against those. We will generate more cash as a result of the reductions in cellular baseband, and so I think that will allow us to achieve both of those objectives.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Lipacis from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: Thanks for taking my question. Eric, you just kind of helped us back into the operating margin pro forma. Would you care to take a crack at what that gross margin would look like also?
Eric Brandt: So Mark, of those five-ish points, about a point of that is gross margin and about four points of that is OpEx.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: Okay, thank you. And then, is there a -- when you talk about raising your sustainable U.S. cash flow. Is there a scenario where that is not equal a higher tax rate?
Eric Brandt: It could equal a higher tax rate, although we believe that there is probably, based on the way the structure is in place, that there may be a local optimum, which is accretive in terms of the buybacks versus the incremental tax. And so, we are looking at that, and that's really the thing that's taking the time in communication.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Ramsay from Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Matt Ramsay - Canaccord: Yes. Thank you for taking my questions. Scott, I wonder if you might talk about some of the areas for incremental investment with the baseband savings that Eric mentioned, there would be some savings that were kept to invest in the new businesses on some areas that you had touched on in the past. I think for automotive, maybe some based for connected home with the connectivity business, fold it into the home business and things like ARM-based servers. I know that's broad, but anything you can give us on incremental growth drivers with new investments would be helpful. Thanks.
Scott McGregor: The areas you list are certainly candidates for those kinds of investments, and we will certainly look at those. I am going to not comment on that right now. I think that's something we will talk about more at the Analyst Day, as we outline where our products are going forward. But we have a list of very promising high ROI opportunities in both baseband -- the broadband business as well as the infrastructure business, that frankly have not gotten this much attention in the latter couple of years, as we have been very constrained on what we can spend. So the $50 million will be put to very good use, and these are high ROI projects, and so I think we will get good return on that investment.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Freedman from RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. Can you walk us maybe through a little bit of the thinking between wind down and asset sale? I understand you might not have been able to find somebody to buy the business, but was hall avenues pursued there, and then my question really is, is there some IP value that remains in the wireless business that, while the business itself may not be available for sale, is there an opportunity to possibly monetize the IP further?
Scott McGregor: So in terms of the sale process, we retain a bank, JP Morgan, to help us do a pretty thorough canvassing of the different opportunities. We had many talks and some significant interests. One of the challenges for us is that in the sale of the business, the time it takes to go through regulatory approval, can often eat up a lot of value you would receive in selling the business, and so it would add certain challenges and hurdles you would need to get to, in order to be a positive economic benefit to the company. The other factor we considered is, is it a benefit for the company to be able to put this behind us and move forward in terms of driving our investments in new areas and really focusing on where we want to see the company going forward. So we considered all those factors, and that led to the conclusion that we came to, which was, it made sense to wind down to the business, rather than to conclude the sale. In terms of your IP question, very good question; Broadcom has incredible IP in the cellular space and we retain all of that, and it is an opportunity for us to monetize going forward, but we haven't yet discussed, how we might do that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Craig Ellis, B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis - B. Riley: Yes, thanks for taking the question. The question is regarding the connectivity business. I think on the early June announcement, the plan was to pull that in to Broadband communications, is that still the plan Scott, and if so, what changes strategically in terms of how connectivity is run under broadband versus how it has been around, that's much more of a hand-based platform in the past?
Scott McGregor: So it is not only the plan to do that, but it has already been done. And so that is now a one group under Dan Marotta, who runs our combined Broadband and Connectivity business. I think it offers some really interesting opportunities, and if you think about the Internet of Things market, it tends to be a home or an office that has a gateway or some internet capability coming into that point, and all different kinds of devices and capabilities tie off of that. So you could imagine in the home, you might have home automation, or security cameras, or smart meters, things like that. They all need to tie into some sort of infrastructure, and so this is a wonderful way to bring all of that together, where we have the connectivity, technology, typically, wireless LAN or Zigbee with the Infrastructure side there, with the gateways, where we have a number one market position in all of the last mile technologies into the home, in our Broadband group. So Broadcom is number one in DSL, in Cable, in satellite, in fiber, all the different ways that data goes into a home or an office, Broadcom has a number one position there. So a real opportunity to tie those together, and I think you're going to see us diversify the business, where it was very cellular handset focused in the past. I think you will see us diversify into a lot of these other areas, which frankly, I believe are going to be the high growth areas in the next decade.
Operator: And the next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ryan Carver - Credit Suisse: Yeah, this is Ryan on behalf of John. Just a couple of clarifying questions. First, for the September quarter gross margin, are there any one time benefits that are helping the gross margin? Any -- you recognize in previously written down inventory, or is it all simply a matter of intermix within wireless? And I guess, my second clarification is around the expense reduction; I think its your -- when you initially discuss the wind down or sale of baseband, you talked about $550 million to $600 million of total savings and $550 million of net. I think that 500 basis point number you just shared with us Eric for 2Q, gets us to about 102. So I guess could you maybe talk through, is 550 net still the right absolute number, and if so, how should we think about that, maybe into next year, and maybe relative split between sort of COGS and OpEx, we think of it sort of an 80-20 as you [indiscernible] for the second quarter?
Eric Brandt: So the 550 net is the right number and its unchanged. You can already see a piece of it coming through, and you can see in fact again, a full quarter effect of the OpEx reductions that I mentioned for Q3 are closer to $75 million, as opposed to the midpoint at $50 million, and underneath that, there are certain things going up in other business units, and actually even a little bit more coming down in mobile and wireless. So we are unchanged as it relates to our view of the OpEx reductions that we anticipate getting in the business. Second, with respect to your gross margin question, one of the differences between GAAP and non-GAAP is just inventory write-down associated with our decision to exit cellular, which I mentioned in my comments. So just like we had asset impairments, we also impaired the inventory associated with the decision to exit cellular. The non-GAAP number of 55% has nothing odd or abnormal going on, its really just the strength of the mix of the business, and the underlying standard margin of the company.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much for taking the question. I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit more, how you're thinking about seasonality in the back half of the year, and I think the fourth quarter has been slow seasonally in several of the businesses in the last three years. Is there anything underlying in the business this year that you think would make 4Q different than how seasonality has been in recent years?
Eric Brandt: You're correct on historic seasonality. So historic seasonality was down sort of low to mid single digits in Q1 and high single digits, historically, sort of Q2, Q3, and then down sort of a little bit in Q4. That shape of the curve is roughly the same, and we are trying to look at how that has changed over a recent period -- over longer periods of time, when you take out cellular. So the shape of that curve is right, although I suspect that its a little bit more muted. So its down roughly probably low to mid single digits in Q1, and similarly probably in Q4, and then up greater than that obviously in Qs two and three.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs: Thank you for that Eric. And then for one more follow-up question on the OpEx; in the first quarter, there is normally OpEx increases as part of your ongoing business, I am hoping you could help us understand a little bit as you think to 1Q 2015? I understand there is things you already reinvesting in with some of the savings, and a lot of savings from [indiscernible] baseband. So if we flow through the savings you already talked about, that you will get by the fourth quarter, on the remaining business, should we think about an increase in OpEx there in 1Q, or should it still be, relatively constrained?
Eric Brandt: So there is a step down of spending in Q3. There will be a step down in spending in Q4. I don't know how much spending will be left by the end of Q4, but I suspect there will be somewhat of a step down in spending, relative to cellular between Q4 and Q1. And that's offset by the usual fringe and merit step up, how that plays out in terms of upwards, down or flat, I don't know yet, we are far away from it, Mark. But that's sort of the moving pieces that we are working through now.
Operator: And our next question comes from CJ Muse from ISI Group. Please go ahead.
CJ Muse - ISI Group: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I had two questions on connectivity. The first one, in terms of stickiness of your high end business, can you talk about how customer specific designs around software, around your solution can cause that to remain sticky for you, and then secondly, on the last call, you are talking about high teen operating margins, given that connectivity was much more of a modular business. Is that how we should think about the business going forward?
Scott McGregor: So in terms of our connectivity business, we drive that business by really pushing the technology envelope. So we are always looking for new features, new capabilities, new improvements in the standards, unlike for example, the cellular infrastructure business, the connectivity business can move to new standards much more rapidly, because there isn't a large capital expand [ph] from the infrastructure that prevents it from moving forward. So as such, we can innovate very rapidly there, and that has been the core of driving that business. We certainly encourage our customers to take advantage of all the software features that we offer, and many do extensively, and so, they get a real benefit from working with our products there.
Eric Brandt: And the only thing I was going to say is, the targeted margin for that business, as we said at Analyst Day has been mid to high teens, and I think we will manage that business that way.
Operator: I apologize. The next question comes from Ambarish Srivastava from BMO. Please go ahead.
Gabriel Ho - BMO Capital Markets: Hi. This is Gabriel Ho calling in for Ambarish. Thanks for taking my question. Just a follow-up question on the ING Group, just wanted to get a sense of your visibility in terms of the China infrastructure build?
Scott McGregor: Well the China infrastructure build we believe will continue for the next couple of years. There are multiple waves of deployment of LTE basestations in China. The uptick of China LTE handset sales seems to be going quite strong, based on the reports I have seen in the last few weeks, and I think will be continued driver for that business.
Operator: And the next question comes from Romit Shah of Nomura. Please go ahead. Romit, your line is open? Okay, we will go to the next person, Christopher Rolland from FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets: Hey guys, thanks for the question. So Trident II is obviously a great product for you guys. Can you talk about where we are in that ramp now, what you guys might have for a follow-on in timing there? And then also you mentioned 25-gig product out there, is that a Trident II replacement or is it just sort of an intermediate stop, perhaps on the way to 100? Thanks guys.
Scott McGregor: All good questions, and I think you can count on us to continue to push the edge of technology in that space. Will there be [indiscernible] follow-ons; yes. But I am not prepared to talk about when, or exactly what features they have. Will the bandwidth go from 10 to 25 to 50 to 100, yes, and obviously, most of the world is still deploying 10-gig and 25-gig is not deployed at all yet. So these are all upside opportunities for us going forward, to continue to drive that business, and I think that's what Broadcom does really well, which is pushing the envelope on that whole interconnect technology.
Operator: And our next question comes from Blaine Curtis from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blaine Curtis - Barclays: Hey thanks for letting me ask a question. Maybe just Eric, just mechanically, you rolled the connectivity business into the Broadband business, do you plan on reporting that going forward, you still are showing the hand in when would you roll that through, and where you thought that could be vulnerable without a platform. Where do you think you are, in terms of losing share in that segment? Thanks.
Eric Brandt: So let me take the first half, I will let Scott take the second half. So through Q2, we ran our business, business as usual. Organizationally, we began moving, or we are going to begin moving literally today and tomorrow, the various pieces of the organization into broadband. So we were BCG of old and Broadcom of old, literally through Q2, up until today. So financially, we are where we are. As you go into Q3, as we do make the changes Scott mentioned, what you will see in Q3 is that we will roll the connectivity business financially in Q3, into broadband. We will remove the shared overhead associated with cellular, that would get pushed to the other businesses, that's not going away. So you can actually see the underlying shared over head of the businesses. And so when you take out the cellular piece, the only piece that's not going to broadband, is our VoIP business. The VoIP business which was in mobile and wireless will go to ING, and to size that for you, its roughly $25 million to $35 million a quarter.
Scott McGregor: So I think that covers the overall segment model there, and we will continue to evolve that going forward. And again, we just started with the management at the very top, in terms of operationally driving that, and we have got ways to go on the financial side. Is there a specific question you had in terms of the segments?
Operator: He has dropped from the queue. (Operator Instructions). Meanwhile, we move on to David Wong from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
David Wong - Wells Fargo: Thanks very much. Can you give us some idea of what your R&D spending priorities will be going forward? And in particular, what R&D spending might go on the connectivity business that's being folded into broadband?
Scott McGregor: Well the connectivity business is a very large business and we will continue to spend on the different areas. I think the change in emphasis will come from more of a focus on diversification, into some of the areas I mentioned around the Internet of Things and some of the new technologies, and less of an emphasis on the cellular handsets. I think that's the biggest change you will see, and again, I think you could see Dan Marotta talk about that at our Analyst Day in December.
Operator: The next question comes from Blaine Curtis from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blaine Curtis - Barclays: Hey thanks. I don't know what happened there. The second part of the question Scott was just, of the low end TAM that you highlighted, that may be vulnerable, where do you think you are at this point? Have you lost any of that TAM to-date, or is that something that's still ahead of you? That was my question.
Scott McGregor: Its hard to measure that. I think certainly the place where you're going to see it first, is as our basebands decline, the associated combo chips that go with those basebands, and I size that originally at around $100 million. I think some of that has happened, as you have seen our basebands begin to decline, we will see more of that happen over the next year. This is a multiyear phenomena, and I don't see it as a sudden thing at all, and certainly, we are not going to cede it, but it is something that will happen there. We are probably not going to update that or say where we are in terms of that, and I think we are going to focus on where we are winning and the segments that we are growing.
Blaine Curtis - Barclays: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kevin Cassidy from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. Your Ethernet business you said had grown, can you just say like how much that grew quarter-over-quarter and can you give us more details on your mix, 1-gig versus 10-gig to going to 25, and when that would happen?
Chris Zegarelli: I am sure -- this is Chris, I can give you some color on that. I mean, as we printed, the Infrastructure business was up about 10% sequentially in Q2. There are many ways to look at the mix as it relates to ports and revenue from a port perspective, obviously 1-gig is still the highest number of ports, but 10-gig is the highest mix in terms of revenue, and we expect to see 25-gig starting to layer in over the next year or so. So stay tuned for more news on 25-gig.
Operator: And the next question comes from Quinn Bolton from Needham. Please go ahead.
Quinn Bolton - Needham: Hey Scott what's -- the headwinds from baseband attached and low end connectivity? Can you give us some sense going forward, what kind of growth rate do you think Broadcom is targeting? You guys, I think you've grown faster than the semi industry for every year, since going public, with the exception of one. Are you still targeting to grow faster than the semiconductor business going forward, than you think with some of those headwinds, that you might moderate that growth expectation?
Scott McGregor: Well I think you have to look at the segment separately. I think if you look at our Broadband and Infrastructure businesses, those are very strong businesses, and I don't see any reason -- I mean, those are outgrown fears for the last decade, and I don't see any reason why we wouldn't continue to outgrow peers in those spaces. Very strong performing businesses. Obviously, the cellular baseband revenue will decline to zero over the course of this year and into next year. In terms of connectivity, I think you have to break that into the different pieces as well. I think we will certainly see growth in terms of new areas, Internet of Things, wearables, automotive, lots of new markets. I think you are going to see new technologies, and then the attach rate on baseband shifts, I think, will decline, as our baseband business declines. And then I did highlight before in that low mid-range, that's where we see the biggest risk. Its possible that happens quickly, its possible it doesn't happen at all. So its a little hard for us to forecast there, and certainly, we are going to keep fighting for it and continue to drive innovation to hang on to as much of that as we can. So I think you will see us make a pretty strong effort there, and the outcome of that, again, is a little hard to forecast. I think in terms of the growth of the connectivity segment this year, into next year will be challenging because of those headwinds. But I certainly see our other businesses continuing to perform well, and I expect that to sort of normalize over time, and put us back on sort of the normal Broadcom trajectory.
Operator: And the last question comes from Hans Mosesmann from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James: Thanks for fitting me in. Scott, a couple of questions. 28 nanometer to 20 nanometer, is that strategy or the ramp to the new node, has that changed now, that you're exiting cellular? And then as a follow-up, can you give us an update on your ARM-multicore strategy in the data center? Thanks.
Scott McGregor: Sure. In terms of 28 and 20 nanometer, we continue to move forward on that, and that certainly was not driven by cellular. Cellular was just one of the groups that made use of that technology. So that moves on unchanged. We will do 28-nanometer chips across all our other groups. In terms of ARM versus where we deploy that and so forth, we have announced a very-very high performance multi-core ARM network processor. We will continue to develop that technology. We have announced that only at an architecture level at this point, but we will continue to work with customers and as we firm our plans to take plan beyond pure network processors, we will certainly talk about that. But that's for future opportunities.
Operator: And that concludes our questions. I will now turn the conference call over to Scott McGregor for closing remarks.
Scott McGregor: Thanks everyone for joining us today. Broadcom has a renewed focus on core growth opportunities across Broadband, Connectivity and Infrastructure. We are continuing to evolve strategies to drive profitable growth, and at the same time, return more capital to shareholders. We made progress on all these fronts in the last quarter, and we will update you on our vision for the company at our Analyst Day, on December 9th, in Irvine. For more information about this event, please give Chris or Samir a call. With that, thank you very much again for joining us, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 17:30:00) =====
Executives:  Chris Zegarelli - IR  Scott McGregor - President and CEO Eric Brandt - EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Craig Ellis - B. Riley Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Research Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Mike Burton - Brean Capital Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research  
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom Q1 2014 Earnings Call. My name is Eric and Ill be your operator for todays call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Chris Zegarelli. Mr. Zegarelli, you may begin.
Chris Zegarelli: Thank you very much and good afternoon, everyone. Today's call will include prepared remarks by Scott McGregor, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Eric Brandt, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This call will include forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause Broadcom's results to differ materially and adversely from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the earnings release, which was furnished to the SEC today and is available on our website and in our most recent Annual Report on form 10-K and subsequent reports of on from 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. Additionally, throughout this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Today's earnings release and the related current report on Form 8-K describe the differences between our non-GAAP and GAAP reporting and present a reconciliation between the two for the periods reported in the release. Please also see the Investors section of our website at investor.broadcom.com for a slide deck that includes additional information disclosed in accordance with SEC Regulation G. Now it is my pleasure to introduce Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer, Scott McGregor.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. Broadcom performed well in the March quarter with revenue above the midpoint of the guided range and ahead of consensus estimates. EPS also came in ahead of expectations for the quarter. Upside in the quarter was driven by strength in broadband and infrastructure. In broadband we see solid trends of access products as operators continued to deploy the latest technologies including VDSL upgrades to power faster connections in the home. We also see strength in set top box as the industry transitions to HEVC, which sets the stage for Ultra HD in the coming quarters and years. In infrastructure, we continue see strong demand from service providers for a broad range of switch and processor solutions that power base stations, back haul and the core of the network. We also see solid growth in 10 gig and 40 gig networking due to continued strength from datacenter customers. Broadcom technology is a common thread across all of these exciting and innovative trends. In mobile, we continue to drive our roadmap forward. Weve introduced new low power connectivity solutions for wearables and continue to see new wearable products come to market that have powered by Broadcom. We also delivered unmatched innovation for home routers and gateways. In our cellular business, we shipped our dual core LTE SOC in Q1 consistent within plan and were continuing to execute to the milestones that outlined at Analyst Day. Ill go into these items in more details later in the call, but well first turn the call over to Eric for details on first quarter results and second quarter guidance. Eric?
Eric Brandt: Thanks, Scott. As Chris mentioned, please refer to the data breakout in the investor section of our website for additional information that will supplement my financial commentary. Moving to the financial overview, to summarize, total revenue came in at $1.98 billion, down 3.9% sequentially and down 1% year over year. Q1 non-GAAP product gross margin was down 40 basis points from Q4 to 52.2%. Q1 GAAP product gross margin was 49.4%. Non-GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were up $4 million sequentially, while GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were up $6 million. Q1 non-GAAP EPS was $0.51 per share, or $0.05 above the First Call consensus of $0.46 per share. Q4 GAAP EPS was $0.28 per share. Cash flow from operations for Q1 was $606 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance at the end of the quarter was $4.9 billion. Moving to revenue and gross margin, in January, we said that we expected Q1 product revenue between $1.9 billion and $2 billion. We delivered revenue at the high end of that range at $1.98 billion. Our broadband communications segment came in ahead of expectations at $559 million, up roughly 2% sequentially. Upside in the quarter was driven by stronger than expected sales of both set top box and broadband modem solutions. Revenue from our infrastructure and networking segment came in ahead of expectations as well at $579 million, up roughly 1% sequentially. Upside in the quarter was driven by the Ethernet switch. Our mobile and wireless segment decreased roughly 10% sequentially to $846 million. Our Q1 non-GAAP product gross margin was down 40 basis points from Q4 to 52.2%, which is ahead of our initial expectations primarily due to mix. Our Q1 GAAP product gross margin was down from Q4 to 49.4%. Moving to operating expenses, total non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses for Q4 were up $4 million from Q4 levels, which was below our expectations, driven primarily by faster achievement of synergies from the Renaissance transaction and lower mask and related spending Moving to other items, in March 2014, we sold certain Ethernet controller related assets and provided certain nonexclusive intellectual property licenses to QLogic for $209 million. We recorded a gain on the sale of assets of $48 million and deferred revenue related to a licensing and supply agreement of $120 million that will be amortized over approximately seven years. For further discussion, please see our 10-Q that we anticipate filing later today. During the quarter we recognized a $25 million impairment of intangible assets, of which $5 million related to the Renaissance transaction. This was driven by a reduction in revenue expectations from the acquired Legacy modem. With this reduction we believe it is still possible that we achieve nine figures of LTE revenue but doing so will depend on sell through of existing designs, particularly in the back half of the year. Finally, we currently expect the Renaissance transaction to be closer to roughly $0.15 dilutive in 2014 operating results as lower than expected volume was mostly offset by improved costs. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and marketable securities ended Q1 at $4.9 billion of which, roughly 45% is in the U.S. Cash flow from operations was $606 million with the strength partially driven by the receipt of cash from QLogic and timing of certain payments which occurred early in Q2. Accounts receivable day sales outstanding were 34 days in Q1 and net inventory turns were 7.6. Moving to expectations, we currently expect net revenue in Q2 to be $2 billion to 2.1 billion. On a segment perspective we expect broadband and infrastructure to be up and mobile and wireless to be down slightly. We expect Q2 non-GAAP product gross margin to be up 75 to 175 basis points and GAAP product gross margin to be up roughly 100 to 200 basis points. Roughly half of the sequential improvement in gross margin is from favorable mix and half is driven by improvements in certain non-standard costs, some which are non-recurring. We expect non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses in Q2 to be down $5 million to up $15 million and GAAP to be flat to up $20 million. And now Id like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor: Thanks Eric. Starting with the home platform, our broadband communications revenue came in ahead of our expectations at $559 million, up roughly 2% sequentially. Strength in the quarter was driven by set top box and broadband access products. We continue to see strong momentum in VDSL and PON sales due to share gains increased operator spending and new operator service launches. We see momentum in our DSL business in North America, Europe and Latin America. We also see continued share gains in PON globally and continued unit growth driven principally by China.  Our set top box business continues to perform well. We see content gains in developed countries driven by the shift towards client server deployments, which carry more Broadcom content in tuners and networking. We see the market moving towards Ultra HD along with HEVC, which will drive richer content in the set top box for years to come. We also see share gains overseas as digital penetration continues to deepen and new designs come to market in Russia, Europe, Central and South America. Were excited about the momentum were seeing in small cell field. This quarter we started to ship production volume of our first LTE Small Cell Solutions into several operators worldwide. We have shipped more than 2 million small cells to-date and we have LTE design engagements with more than 20 OEMs and operators. Looking into Q2, we expect our broadband business to be up sequentially, driven by broad strength across both set top box and broadband access. Moving to infrastructure, our infrastructure and networking revenue came in ahead of expectations and reached a quarterly high of $579 million, up almost 35% year over year. Strength in the quarter was driven by continued growth in our switching business, particularly in the service provider and data center markets. In the service provider market growth was across both switch and processor families and was driven by LTE build-outs particularly in China. In the data center we see growth driven by the transition to public cloud and broad adoption of our market leading merchant platforms. Broadcom continues to deliver innovative solutions that set the stage for industry transition to more virtualized scalable data center architectures. During the quarter, we launched our Open Network Function Virtualization platform that enables applications to be implemented across multiple SoC solutions and a range of instruction set architectures. We also announced the OpenFlow Data Plane Abstraction specification which is the industrys first openly published implementation of a physical switch hardware pipeline abstraction. We published our 25 gigabit per second Ethernet specification which sets the stage for next generation in-rack server connectivity. We also completed our 28 nanometer multi core processor family with the introduction of the XLP500. Finally for the service provider market, we introduced our first millimeter wave SoC for the mobile backhaul and front haul that delivers industry leading 10 gigabit per second capacity. As we look into Q2, we expect our infrastructure and networking business to be up sequentially, driven by a broad based growth across all major end market segments. We believe our infrastructure business is on track for a third consecutive year of double digit growth in 2014. Moving to our HAN [ph] platform, our mobile and wireless revenue came in at $846 million, down roughly 10% sequentially. The decline in sales of cellular and connectivity solutions was in line with typical seasonality Turning to connectivity, we saw sequential growth in sales into access points and consumer entertainment devices. It was more than offset by reductions in PC and mobile. On the product front, we introduced location and NFC solutions targeted for wearables that reduce power consumption by 75% and 60% respectively. New wearable products continue to come to market that are based on Broadcom Solutions. Samsung recently launched the Gear 2 and Gear Fit for example, both of which are powered by Broadcom. For access points we also introduced the industrys first six stream 5G Wi-Fi MIMO platform for home networks which is up to 50% faster than anything in the market today. It will be in routers in time for the 2014 holiday season. We continue to see a richer mix in mobile connectivity and saw both 2x2 MIMO and 5G Wi-Fi grow strongly both sequentially and year over year in the March quarter. Weve seen third party market analyst forecast lower growth for high end smartphones this year. So to be conservative, achieving year over year growth in connectivity will depend on strong sell through in the second half of this year. Regarding our cellular investments, at last Decembers Analyst Day we described the plan to invest in our modem and processor technologies to close the gap with the leading competitors and gain significant traction in the market. Were getting close to the point where we have a clear picture on the business and Id like to give you an update on those objectives and what to expect over the course of this year. Broadcom traditionally doesnt announce products until theyre sampling or shipping but with the goal of investor transparency let me share our plans for the next couple of quarters. Between Q1 and the summer, we expect to have taped out a new family of LTE advanced products. These new products will include five mode support with TDS-CDMA so we can better penetrate the China market. They will also include carrier aggregation and support for at least Cat 6. Our leadership products will enable performance levels not yet announced by others including Cat 7 and Cat 9 and 10, which supports downstream data rates of up to 450 megabits per second and upstream data rates up to 100 megabits per second. SoCs will include multi-core 64 bit processors that clock at least 2 gigahertz, advanced multimedia subsystems and integrated LTE advanced modems. Based on preliminary feedback from customers, we believe these will be truly leading edge products. Our job is to deliver these products to customers who are now making design decisions for the next generation of LTE smartphones. Over the next few quarters, we should have greater visibility into the design win momentum that our new products will garner, although one or more key design decisions could be determined in the nearer term. Consistent with what I said at Analyst Day we will continue to monitor progress to milestones to ensure that our cellular investments are on a path to create sustainable shareholder value. Im proud of what our engineers have accomplished and I believe these forthcoming products will favorably surprise quite a few people. Looking into Q2, we see our mobile and wireless business trending down slightly. Looking at the full year we continue to see the profile of our mobile and wireless revenue to be more weighted towards the second half. This change in the seasonal profile of the business is being driven primarily by the continued ramp of new connectivity technologies including 2x2 and 5G Wi-Fi as well as the ramp up of our LTE business. In summary, our broadband and infrastructure segments continue to deliver solid results and we believe were making the right investments in mobile. 2014 is set to be the third consecutive year of double digit growth for our infrastructure business. Broadband is seeing steady growth, driven by our leadership in set top box and broadband modems. In our mobile business were continuing to focus on our LTE milestones. We have defined a leadership roadmap and set attainable milestones for the team over the coming year. We look forward to bringing to market leading edge LTE thin modems and SoCs that can position us for success in the smartphone market. This concludes our prepared comments and were now ready for your questions. Eric, may we have the first question please.
Operator: Thank you (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis - B. Riley: Thanks for taking the question. Scott I wanted to clarify the nature of the write down on the Renaissance product side first and then the follow up would be on mobile and wireless with operating income negative 32 million and down on a year on year basis for four consecutive quarters and given that the segments guided down in the coming quarter, what do we bottom out on operating income and how patient are you going to be with the loss that we saw in the first quarter?
Scott McGregor: A number of question there. Why dont I turn the first one to Eric on the Renaissance in turn and then Ill be happy to cover the others.
Eric Brand: Sure Craig so whenever you do an acquisition you ascribe the value to various aspects of the transaction and we ascribe a fair amount of value to the revenue of the legacy product that we bought. As the revenue forecasts have come down and become more back end loaded for the year it triggers the impairment of approximately $5 million. So its revenue based and obviously subsequently the cash flows associated with it, somewhat offset as I mentioned by the fact that weve reduced cost faster than we originally anticipated.
Scott McGregor: Craig let me offer a number of perspectives on the market in response to your question there. In connectivity share overall, Broadcoms connectivity share remains relatively strong, specifically at the high end and we see that continuing. We do see low end moving to integrated platforms, where Broadcom has less share and mid-tier is much more competitive. But we do see good strength in the high end. In terms of mobile and wireless revenue in Q2, we see connectivity relatively stronger than the base band and thats partly because of 3G pricing expected to be down into Q2. And we focus our R&D primarily on 4G. In terms of LTE design wins, we are engaged with multiple customers. We have multiple design wins. And in terms of the progress on our LTE milestones, we think were doing quite well on the technical milestones. Its still too soon to tell on the economics and customer traction. We really need to see that ramp continue here but I would observe that there are a lot of design wins in play right now with key customers and so I think an opportunity for us going forward. And certainly anytime you lose money in the business as youve pointed out, thats a disappointment and so we need to move expeditiously to fix that. We do continue to see the business as more backend focused into second half of this year and so we do some design wins ramping there. And I think if those design wins ramp strongly, we should see certainly an improvement on the bottom line. So assuming again we do see that ramp, Id say definitely we should see some pickup in the second half.
Craig Ellis - B. Riley: After all those do I get a follow-up? Ill take a stab at it. Eric, I think, we had gotten your thinking that operating expense trajectory for the business would be a down from the first quarter, but youve done a real good job controlling expenses. Is it still reasonable to think that OpEx is flat to down from here or for how should we think about some of the sequential dynamics, especially given its a more backend loaded revenue year in mobile and wireless?
Eric Brandt: So, Craig, what I would say is that we were about probably 20 million better than what consensus was in Q1 and were sort of seeing good progress in Q2 with good thigh expense management. I would expect that the rest of year, given weve gotten a fair bid of what weve expected to get out of the synergies that it would be fairly flatfish with some lumpiness associated with masks and tapeouts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America: Thank you for taking my question. Just to clarify Scott, did I hear TD-LTE as a feature in the roadmap you described? And the real question is the pricing environment in TD and LTE because youre competing with both the large players, the Qualcomms and Mediateks but also several subscale vendors, one of which said recently theyre willing to lose several billion dollars to stay relevant in the business. So if you could address the TD-LTE feature support? And then how is the pricing environment and how thats dictating your decisions in mobile and wireless?
Scott McGregor: Thanks, Vivek. Our products today support TD-LTE. What well be adding is TD-SCDMA, which is China 3G standard, which is important both for the China market as well as dealing worldwide phones and that was something that we didnt have in our products that limited some of our opportunity to penetrate the market. So well definitely have all of that in our products going forward. In terms of pricing, the pricing environment is challenging, 3G in particular. 3G pricing is fairly aggressive at this point. 4G price has come down particularly in the low end, but we think that one of the advantages we have as being one of the very few people in the high end of LTE advance, we see a relatively better pricing environment there versus what I think some of the other players are trying to gain a foothold in the lower end market in LTE.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America: So, Scott, then what is the deciding metric for you as you look at how you should be investing in the mobile and wireless business? Is it the sales of LTE or is the operating margin of that segment? Like what is the metric that you have on your dashboard to decide how much to invest in the mobile business?
Scott McGregor: For all of our businesses at Broadcom, we always look at what is the opportunity to create shareholder value and thats a series of metrics that includes growth, includes margin, it includes both gross margin as well as operating margin and both near term, medium term and long term views on that. And so the metrics that we look at are the economic viability of that business. And we dont do businesses to lose to money. We do businesses to make money. And we need to believe that there is an opportunity to do that in order to invest in those businesses going forward. And I think again, we believe right now its too early to call on those businesses. We think weve got some great products coming out and we think there is some pretty interesting customers opportunities but those are financial metrics we look at in order to determine whether we make investments, not only in cellular but in any of our businesses.
Operator: The next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company: Just a follow-up on that. Part of being in the LTE business is to protect the connectivity franchising. I guess, can you help us understand that if you were to exit the baseband side that how much of the connectivity franchise would be at risk? Can you help us size that?
Scott McGregor: Well, your question is a little hypothetical but let me try to help you. Certainly, when we win a baseband, the probability that we win the connectivity with it is extremely high. And so to the extent that we gain share in baseband, we would probably be able to actually our share in connectivity. Weve seen some competition at the low and mid-range take some share from us and connectivity. This would be an opportunity to gain that back, if we have success in baseband. I think, if you look at connectivity if we didnt have baseband at all, we would certainly see success in many area, including areas were already very strong in, the high end of the smartphones, high volume smartphones. We also would see opportunities in wearables, Internet of Things, PCs all kind of other devices. So its fairly diverse business that we see today. But certainly the largest piece of it is the cellular. And again theres a synergistic benefit to having both of those businesses. But it wouldnt drive a decision against the ability to make shareholder out of the total business.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company: Okay. Thanks. And then I guess, just Eric, just on how to think about the drop through for the incremental LTE revenue this year, how much of thats going to drop through, given that some of thats going to probably cannibalize 3G?
Eric Brandt: Yeah. You know, look 3G is down and I think partially due to pricing, partially due to volume. Were not thinking a lot of it, a lot about in terms of the cannibalization of 3G. We think 3G has got its own set of models and its not sort of a tradeoff between the models. We believe we have the R&D investment in place. So literally, virtually all of the gross margin that we achieve on LTE should drop through net of the 3G. I dont have a connection to the LTE side of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan: So on mobile and wireless, I know that the team has talked about more or less second weighted growth in your business given the, I think what is the big funky Wi-Fi product cycle at one of your large customers there. You obviously mentioned your 4G business is tracking to your roadmap milestones but also mentioned potentially lower than expected volumes. Can you guys just help us to understand, is it more a function of, youve got the design wins, but its just hard to figure the volume sell through or is it that youre just not getting much design win traction in the first place. And I guess my second question is, is your LTE business growing in the June quarter?
Eric Brandt: Thanks Harlan. In terms of our LTE business, we had some initial small designs and what we do is we see larger design in the second half of the year. And so as those ramp, thats what going to, we believe drive the volume growth in LTE. And so were waiting for those to deploy over the next months here. And again, its pretty mature to scribe those but as they came out we will be able to talk more about those, but its an increased number of models and models that are more applicable across a broader range of the geographies is what we see driving it in the second half.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan: Okay. Great. And then within connectivity on the leading edge, 2x2 MIMO 5G combo, sort of the next step right, its moving from computer and tablet to smartphones. Its being used by your lead customer in one of their latest smartphones. As you look at the pipeline for connectivity into the second half of this year, do you anticipate more smartphone customers transitioning to your 2x2 AC solution or is it still going to be more 1x1 AC focused?
Scott McGregor: I think youre going to see a variable rainbow of what people are doing. There is some people who still have N [ph] in their phones and theyll transition to basically 1x1. We see the 1x1 guys transitioning to 2x2 and there is some additional technologies that will come out with over the course of the next year to offer additional features. We see a pretty rich pipeline of connectivity technologies that we have to constantly bring more value to our customers. And so we think weve got the opportunity to keep that moving there. But again its not one specific transition. Its a variety of transition across the whole matrix of customers and what theyre using today and moving up to the next step pretty much across the board.
Operator: And the next question comes from Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Research. Please go ahead.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Research: Scott, given your view that high end smartphones are slowing a bit here, do you still expect your connectivity business to grow this year?
Scott McGregor: I think with the slowing of smartphones its going to make that more challenging. So in order for us to grow in connectivity its going to depend on the ramp up in the second half. We could very much do that. But again its a little hard to call until we see the ramp up there in the second half. So stay tuned on that. But its certainly possible to do that, but not a guaranteed thing as were sure as we were a little while ago because of the lower handset volumes.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Research: Okay. And then on the operating margin, operating loss in wireless, to what extent are you -- is this resulting from any potential pricing pressures on the connectivity side? I understand youre investing a lot on baseband but I am just curious if youre seeing pressures on the connectivity side as well?
Eric Brandt: Srini, its really two things. One is -- the probably most important is the additional R&D cost we took on with the Renaissance transaction and the reduction in absolute revenue, thats number one. And then I would say secondarily with respect to the pricing pressure in 3G which really is that vast majority of the revenue in mobile right now in terms of the cellular side, there has been quite significant price pressure in the 3G side of the house.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Research: Okay. And if I could ask one more question. Scott you mentioned wearables as a potential. Can you talk about how big that opportunity could be by end of this year?
Scott McGregor: Well, to be honest Srini, I dont know. I have seen numbers ranging from 19 trillion to much lower numbers. We think its an important trend but predicting exactly how fast thats going to go is hard. Our goal is to create interesting new products out there, again focused on form factor and power and features unique to that market. So I think right now we certainly see a number of products there. I dont think its going to be a huge needle mover this year for us or many companies but over the next few years I think its a definite factor.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Your networking business I think you described as a business with kind of a 10% long term growth a couple of years ago and now youre growing obviously a lot faster than that against easy comps. How do you think about the sort of three to five year growth outlook for that business now? Is this a product cycle and is there -- how long do you think you can continue to outperform this way relative to that long term growth?
Scott McGregor: For the last three years, weve been able to grow our networking business double digit and I think thats due to a number of things. Its due to certainly strong product cycles, good technology, weve been able to gain share in that market and weve seen some favorable macro trends and industry trends where people are moving to cloud based data centers. Were seeing a lot of deployment by service providers in areas such as China. In terms of some of those trends, in terms of products and share, I think were in good shape to continue that trend. Whats a little hard for us to forecast is exactly how sustainable all of the macro market is going to be but certainly this year is looking good and I dont see any inherent reason why we wouldnt be able to grow double digit or at least come close to it.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you. And then in terms of coming back to the and kind of breaking out the segment data and showing kind of $3 billion in losses last year, what does it mean that theyre making that type of investment to get the scale? Can they -- and in the tablet market at least theyre showing some willingness to subsidize the business. Do you think [indiscernible] same thing in smartphones. How does that, you and others are buying to be in second place in LTE with them? How does the way theyre behaving kind of effect the way you think about long term profits in that business?
Scott McGregor: I think it certainly informs our decision on that and we need to look at whether markets can structurally be profitable or not and thats something that well factor into our decisions going forward. I think we have some advantages over some of the other competitors. For example a very rich breadth of IT portfolio including strong connectivity, strong radio power management technology, all of the different things you put in handheld devices and I think thats unique at Broadcom. Other companies are trying to catch up in that regard but I think thats a strength that we really have of leadership technologies across a wide range there. So I think weve, got some really interesting products and well see how those play out with customers this year. But if we were to conclude that nobody can make money in that business or its not possible to do so for us that would certainly be factor in our consideration.
Operator: The next question comes from Christopher Rolland with FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Christopher Rolland -FBR Capital Markets: Hey, guys. Thanks for letting me ask question here. So can you guys talk about your broadband division, good results there. It seems like we have a bunch of drivers here HEVC, DOCSIS, Ultra HD; whole bunch of others here. What are you guys most excited about? And can we get growth rates well above historical, the last three years moving forward perhaps even for a year or two here?
Eric Brandt: The broadband group is really doing well. Those guys are executing well. Their products are strong, a great roadmap and it think in terms of exciting things in the near term for growth are really geographical penetration. Broadcom has historical been very strong in North America and to some extent Europe and we havent seen the penetration in the rest of the world and were now really sort of going out around the globe and able to drive that. And I think thats a multiyear growth opportunity for those guys to go take share actually geographically. I think weve got some other opportunities, you mentioned some of them. Certainly the HEVC and Ultra HD technology, as a lot carriers move to higher bandwidth and HEVC is interesting because it gives you basically twice in encoding performance so you can use our it on existing HD channels. Its not just an ultra HD things but its certainly helps to free up some bandwidth for ultra HD. So I think that those guys have a real good opportunity. Now that being said, historically if you look to graph of the growth rate of that group its been a little lumpy and they have really, really years some softer years. I think if you modeled that as a mid-single digit grower, thats probably the right things to put into your long term model. But were certainly going to have years when we do better than that.
Christopher Rolland -FBR Capital Markets: On the other side of things, on the infrastructure side, good quarter. Maybe we can dig in a little bit more there. It sounded Ethernet switching, I think you might be talking about Trident II, maybe some other products there as well. Where are we on the ramp in Trident II? And then also, you mentioned the China LTE base station roll out. What products are you supplying specifically into that?
Eric Brandt: So in the China LTE roll out, we provide which is there in some cases, we see well be able to provide various other parts of the base stations. Our ambition longer term is to provide the complete base station solution but we only have some other pieces there today with front hall, backhaul, fiber channel pieces of that, the switch and some of the Ethernet capability there but were certainly having ambitions to do a more complete solution in that space.
Christopher Rolland -FBR Capital Markets: And on Trident II, where are we in the ramp there? Is there still a lot more to go?
Eric Brandt: Well, we see Trident II is a great product and of course you know our roadmap extends beyond Trident II the future products. So I wouldnt view that as a one shot. I see that as a pretty much, if you can imagine an airport with planes landing, weve got them all queued up and ready to go there. We are seeing some new large customers beginning to ramp our merchant solutions. And thats mostly yet to come. But weve seen very broad adoption of our Trident series of switches and our fabric products as well, very, very good customer acceptance for those products. So I think weve got excellent strength there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs: I know you guys talked already about the service provider and data center part of your infrastructure business. Im hoping you can talk a little bit more on what the trends youre seeing are within the enterprise part of our business?
Eric Brandt: In terms of data center and enterprise, we havent yet seen sort of a wholesale ramp of the enterprise business and wed like to see that come. The real growth area for us in this cloud datacenters and people doing really good deployment there. So these tend to be Greenfield datacenters where they deploy a wide range of our products in those. And then I also mentioned the LTDE roll out for base stations, which includes a lot of our products, but I think the cloud datacenter stuff looks like they are very strong trend. We expect that to continue and Broadcom had probably the best products for people deploying large scale high performance datacenters.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs: Sort of follow-up question. I hope that you can elaborate a little bit more on the trend youre seeing in NFC part of the market, what are your expectations are for a discreet versus integrated NFC and then how do you expect Broadcom share to trend?
Eric Brandt: I think the NFC market has gone through some interesting changes. One has being the reduction of expectation for embedded secure element. That used to be a large part of the revenue expectation for that market and thats come out. As a lot of our carriers see that as a competition for, sort of, how they want to run their networks. We do believe that NFC will overtime grow for us. We lost a couple of big design wins to a competitor. We think we have an opportunity to win those back overtime. And long-term, we believe most connectivity solutions move to Combo based products, but right now the market when I see hold probably in the near-term is certainly more of a discrete kind of product.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ryan Carver - Credit Suisse: This is Ryan Carver for in John Pitzer. Youve talked about sort of LTE being price aggressive at the low end and your focus sounds like is more on the high end of sort of LTE. I guess kind of thinking holistically about the mobile and wireless space, whats the opportunity for you guys to be able to drive growth at the high end? If we sort of look at year-on-year growth for your business kind of ex your two big customers, its been down kind of strong double digits year-over-year. So maybe can you just sort of kind of frame the opportunity from a holistic perspective? If the high end isnt growing the low end is where it kind of lesser presence is? Whats the opportunity you guys really chasing here with the kind of the entirety of the mobile and wireless right now?
Scott McGregor: Certainly for baseband, for us its a market share opportunity. So, it doesnt particularly matter that the markets slowing a little bit there because its a market share gain play there and we have a relatively small market share in baseband today and to the extent we can gain a higher market presence there thats definitely a positive opportunity. I think the opportunity in the connectivity side is more getting increasing content into those devices and moving people upscale. So for example moving from 802.11n to AC to 2x2 and to some of new technologies well be announcing adds additional value and ASP increased for us on those products. And to the extent we can get a boarder footprint across for phones, thats the market opportunity. So thats the play for us in that space as well some of the newer markets, Internet of Things, wearables, and other things being added into that overall market opportunity.
Ryan Carver - Credit Suisse: And my follow-up question. ING has obviously done very well. Datacenter has been a really strong year for you guys. Can you talk about any sort of incremental opportunities around product refreshes from the server perspective, specifically granularities for future generation? And what you guys kind of see from sort of peripheral datacenter technology requirements that might deliver sort of an incremental growth rate for you guys at datacenter going forward?
Scott McGregor: As people upgrade the datacenters to 10 gig and 25 gig and 40 gig and up to 100 gig, thats certainly an opportunity for us because we typically upgrade all the connectivity components, all the Ethernet switches and other aspects of that. In terms of Ethernet controllers, we now partner with QLogic and so some of grandly designs that for the 10 gig there will now be done with QLogic and us as an ASIC partner for them. So I think overall as our datacenters upgrade and move to a higher bandwidth, that generally plays well for us, increasing both numerical quantity as well as the ASP of the products we sell in.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Burton with Brean Capital. Please go ahead.
Mike Burton - Brean Capital: First on the new LTE advanced chip with 5 mode and TD-SCDMA, sorry if I missed this but did you mention that would be targeted at the high end or mid-tier, is it a thin modem or full SoCs and if it thin, is that expected to merge with Merlin minimum platform next year?
Scott McGregor: So let me explain that in a little more detail. We have a family of products. So its not just one or two products. Its a whole family of products, includes a family of thin modems and a family of SoCs. And we will target everything from low to medium to high in that space offering variations of products at different clock speeds for example, different modem capabilities. And again were not at the point of a product announcement at this point. That will come later on this year for those products but we will offer a range of products covering the spectrum.
Mike Burton - Brean Capital: And then on the second half commentary for mobile and wireless, we would need to see 2010 like second half to get to flat year-over-year. Can you help us understand what you see as really drivers for that? Is it 2x2 MIMO, the ASPs associated with that, baseband or is it something else?
Scott McGregor: Id say its a combination of three things that I would focus on. There are many individual drivers but Id say the big three are the ramp up of our LTE basebands, the increase in ASP as we move to higher end products and then just the overall product cycles with some of our large customers as they launch new products in the second half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Thanks a lot. I want to dig in yet again on your modem business here. Im little bit confused. You had mentioned in the question about connectivity how you lost some share in the low end and the mid-tier and the reason for having baseband is that you might get a better attach rate and gain some of that back. But at the same, when we talk about pricing pressure, you are saying youre going to play more on the high end of LTE, which certainly listed a number of different products or different features of products that would play very well at the high end of yet release this year. And then in response to Mike question, youve just said you had a whole suite products across both SoC and thin modems and all the different tiers. So lets just deal with 2014 now. Do you think the first products out will be predominately high end, so youd be avoiding a lot price pressure coming from MediaTek and some of the stuff that Intel's going to release later this year. And if thats the case, will it have much of an impact on connectivity or is that something thats going to happen out 2015, 2016. Thanks.
Eric Brandt: The LTE products we have this year, frankly are not high end. Id say they are more low-mid. And so, those are the products that we have in the market today. The products that were taping out over the next  that wed already taped out and will be taping out over the next months are mid and high end products and so were looking to see design wins there. Those were not shift in terms of revenue this year though on those high end products.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: So most of that strength will probably at 2015 as some of these new ones youre alluding to will show up. Thanks for that. And then, a large base of your investors that are holding the stock on the idea that you will exit modems eventually. I know youve had lots of those conversations in last say year or so. You talk in general but you want to make profits in any business youre in and this ones not doing it now. What timeframe are you looking at to decide whether or not this makes any sense? You had the one business for quite a well now. Are we talking about next for 2014? Are you going for another two years to make a decision whether or not this is going to work or? And is it strictly profits or were you willing to move closer to breakeven if you saw some pull through connectivity and youre gaining some share there? Thanks.
Eric Brandt: We havent given a specific timeframe. Weve instead said that there are some milestones that we put forward that we track and again there are technical milestones, there are customer earned milestones and then there are economic milestones that we look to -- in terms of can we create economic value and shareholder value with these products. And again, thats no different than for any of rest of our products that we look at that. And certainly right now we believe that there is a tremendous in this business. And if we succeed in getting strong design winds with the products that I mentioned in the conversation, we could have a good business here. If we dont see customer traction on those products and we dont find the market attractive, then that would lead us to a different conclusion. So for me its very important to see how these products do over the next few quarters and I think thats what I am looking for in terms of seeing whether we create economic value here. But again, these are pretty interesting products and I wouldnt second guess them. And on the other hand were going to do the right to create shareholder value. We are saying we are going to do whats rights for our shareholder in the end here.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: And final question if I could, it seems you've worked in this for a long time and you had to be seeing guys in there that didn't work out, because the Renaissance guys [indiscernible], has that been a step change? Have you noticed a significant difference in may be not slated performance during the products as youre coming in the market with and the pace at which youre coming to market. Has that caused your thinking to change about the modem since that acquisitions occurred?
Eric Brandt: The Renaissance or X Nokia modem team is really, really good team. And I think that weve seen a number of things as a result of that acquisition. One is very strong creditability with customers and carriers. This is a team thats been working on this stuff for decades. These guys invented LTE and so that strength of technical ability and creditability has really helped us in terms of working with carriers, in terms of working with customers. And the team has executed really well. I think everybody was concerned whenever you do acquisition, will the group perform and that acquisition has gone very well. That team executes well and weve been able to bond that together the pieces of the Broadcom team to provide the rest of some of those advanced LTE features and fill out the product set. So I am very happy with the engineering team from Renaissance. Theyve done a great job. And I think the strength of these products that were coming out with over the next quarters is definitely due to not only the strength we had here at Broadcom but exceptional team at Renaissance. And again I am proud of this guys and the products will probably surprise some people. No one else has yet talked about Cat 7, Cat 9 and Cat 10 products. And so for us to talk about that today shows the confidence we have in able to do advanced LTE products.
Operator: At this time we have no further questions. I will now turn the call over to Scott for closing remarks.
Scott McGregor: Thank you everyone for joining us today. Our broadband and infrastructure segments continue to deliver outstanding results and we see that momentum continuing into the June quarter. In mobile were focused on delivering leadership connectivity solutions and executing to our milestones in LTE. With that, thank you very much again for joining us. And have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Zegarelli - Director of Investor Relations Scott McGregor - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Eric Brandt - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Harlan Sur - JPMorgan Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Securities Romit Shah - Nomura Mark Lipacis - Jefferies Stephen Chin - UBS Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company Craig Ellis - B. Riley Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets Glen Yeung - Citigroup John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Jim Schneider - Goldman Sachs Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets David Wong - Wells Fargo Alex Guana - JMP Securities Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom Q4 2013 earnings call. [Operator instructions.] I will now turn the call over to Chris Zegarelli. Mr. Zegarelli, you may begin.
Chris Zegarelli : Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Today's call will include prepared remarks by Scott McGregor, our president and chief executive officer; and Eric Brandt, our executive vice president and chief financial officer. This call will include forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause Broadcom's results to differ materially and adversely from management's current expectations.  We encourage you to review the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the earnings release, which was furnished to the SEC today and is available on our website and in our most recent annual reports on form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances.  Additionally, throughout this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Today's earnings release and the related current report on Form 8-K describe the differences between our non-GAAP and GAAP reporting and present a reconciliation between the two for the periods reported in the release. Please also see the Investors section of our website at investor.broadcom.com for a slide deck that includes additional information disclosed in accordance with SEC Regulation G. Now it is my pleasure to introduce Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer, Scott McGregor.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. Broadcom performed well in the December quarter, delivering revenue above the high end of the guided range. As a result, EPS for the quarter also come in ahead of First Call consensus on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Looking forward, were excited about progress were making on a number of fronts. In the home, were setting the stage for ultra HD and leading the industry with best-in-class HEVC-enabled products across our set top box franchise. We see continued momentum in new areas, including share gains in PON and small cell. In infrastructure, we see continued momentum in our data center business, driven by the continued ramp of our industry-leading Trident II Ethernet switch. In the hand, we are building momentum in LTE. We see the industry continuing to migrate towards richer connectivity content, including 5G wifi and MIMO technologies as well as low power integrated connectivity for wearables and the Internet of Things. Ill go into these items in more detail later in the call, but Id like to first turn the call over to Eric for details on our fourth quarter results and our first quarter guidance. Eric? 
Eric Brandt : Thanks, Scott. As Chris mentioned, please refer to the data breakout in the investor section of our website for additional information that will supplement my financial commentary. Moving to the financial overview, to summarize, total revenue came in at $2.06 billion, down 3.8% sequentially and down 0.8% year over year. Full year revenue was $8.31 billion. Full year product revenue was $8.22 billion, up over 5% year over year. Q4 non-GAAP product gross margin was down 100 basis points from Q3 to 52.6%. Q4 GAAP product gross margin was 50.3%. Non-GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were up $32 million sequentially, while GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were up $25 million. Q4 non-GAAP EPS was $0.60 per share, or $0.03 above the First Call consensus of $0.57 per share. Q4 GAAP EPS was $0.29 per share, which includes $0.14 of acquisition related and restructuring charges. Cash flow from operations for Q4 was $391 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance at the end of the quarter was $4.4 billion.  Moving to revenue and gross margin, in December we updated our guided range for Q4 product revenue to be between $2 billion and $2.05 billion. We delivered revenue slightly above that range at $2.06 billion. Our broadband communications segment decreased roughly 3% sequentially to $548 million, consistent with our expectations.  Revenue from our infrastructure and networking segment came in ahead of expectations, and increased roughly 2% sequentially to $576 million. This stronger than expected result was driven by Ethernet switch and PHY, primarily in the enterprise and service provider markets. Our mobile and wireless segment decreased roughly 7% sequentially to $940 million, consistent with our expectations.  Our Q4 non-GAAP product gross margin came in below our revised expectations, and was down 100 basis points from Q3 to 52.6%. Gross margin was negatively impacted by higher than expected excess and obsolete inventory of around 50 basis points. Our Q4 GAAP product gross margin was down from Q3 to 50.3%.  Moving to operating expenses, total non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses for Q4 were up $32 million from Q3 levels, which is at the low end of the updated guided range provided in December, principally driven by lower than expected costs from the Renaissance acquisition. On a GAAP basis, R&D and SG&A expenses for Q4 were up $25 million from Q3 levels.  Moving to restructuring costs, as discussed on last quarters call, in Q3 we initiated a global restructuring plan that resulted in recording additional restructuring costs of $17 million in Q4. We anticipate that we will record approximately $5 million in restructuring costs in Q1. For further discussion, please see our 10-K that we anticipate filing today. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and marketable securities ended Q4 at $4.4 billion. This reflects cash flow from operations of $391 million, and our dividend payment of $64 million. We ended the quarter with roughly $2 billion in U.S. cash. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding were 35 days in Q4. In addition, net inventory turns were 7.8 in Q4. In 2013, we repurchased 20.2 million shares, well ahead of our target for the year. In addition, the board of directors approved a 9% increase in our quarterly dividend. Moving to expectations, we currently expect net revenue in Q1 to be $1.9 billion to $2.0 billion. From a segment perspective, we expect broadband and infrastructure to be down slightly, and mobile and wireless to be down. We expect Q1 non-GAAP product gross margin to be down roughly 50 to 100 basis points and GAAP product gross margin to be down roughly 100 to 150 basis points, driven principally by mix within mobile and wireless and for GAAP product gross margin an increase in acquisition related purchased intangibles. We expect non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses in Q1 to be up $15 million to $35 million, driven principally by the annual fringe and merit step ups of roughly $35 million. GAAP R&D and SG&A should increase $20 million to $40 million. And now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor : Thanks, Eric. Starting with the home platform, our broadband communications revenue came in at $548 million, down roughly 3% sequentially. We saw solid growth in sales of our set top box products in 2013, driven by share gains and subscriber growth in developing markets and the ramp of higher end solutions in developed countries. We see these trends continuing into 2014. In developing markets, we continue to broaden our footprint with new operators in new regions. In developed markets, we see the ecosystem firmly committed to deploying ultra HD. Operators are showing strong interest in HEVC, which doubles the capacity of existing networks, setting the stage for ultra HD broadcast.  Content providers are moving towards ultra HD with the World Cup and Olympics. Falling prices for ultra HD TVs are making it more affordable for consumers to adopt this new technology, with 50-inch ultra HD TV prices now below $1,000. Broadcom innovations are a key contributor to the ultra HD ecosystem. We announced the industrys first set top box SOC for ultra HD and HEVC early last year and are currently sampling multiple HEVC solutions for satellite, cable, and IP set top box deployments. This upgrade cycle of both HEVC and ultra HD will be coupled with continued growth in the number of tuners and the number of transcoding streams enabled in the next generation set top box platforms, all of which set the stage for continued content growth for Broadcom in this market. In broadband access, we continue to focus on innovation and execution. This quarter, we announced a new entry level DSL SOC for residential gateways that delivers higher data rates while reducing CPE costs. The SOC supports ADSL, VDSL2, and vectoring, while powering a platform that includes Broadcom Ethernet and wifi technology. In PON, we continue to see share gains and solid design activity. In small cells, we see strong customer traction with our multimode 8 LTE and 3G small cell devices. Looking into Q1, as Eric said, we expect our broadband business to be down slightly sequentially. Moving to infrastructure, we saw roughly 2% sequential growth in the quarter to a new record quarterly high of $576 million, ahead of our initial expectations. Upside in the quarter was driven by stronger than expected sales in the service provider and enterprise markets. Our infrastructure business grew roughly24% year over year in Q4, and a solid 12% overall in 2013.  Our data center business grew over 50% year over year in the December quarter, and more than 25% in 2013. Our data center business is at record levels and now generates roughly a third of our infrastructure sales. Look forward, we expect to see continued strength in the data center market as were in the early stages of the Trident II switch ramp, and we see very strong customer momentum.  Our multicore processor business grew sequentially in the December quarter, and we expect that growth will continue in Q1. Momentum in this business has been driven primarily by LTE base station deployments, particularly in China.  We see our multicore processor business continuing to grow in 2014, based on momentum in LTE deployments as well as the continued ramp of our 40 nanometer XLP products. As we look into Q1, we expect our infrastructure and networking business to be down slightly sequentially.  Moving to our hand platform, our mobile and wireless revenue came in consistent with our expectations at $940 million, down roughly 7% sequentially. We saw expected seasonal softness in the December quarter, coupled with anticipated inventory adjustments with some of our customers. In cellular SOCs, were building momentum in LTE and compared to make good progress on our LTE milestones. We have begun shipping our CAT4 dual core LTE SOC for volume production. Were on track to sample our quad core LTE SOC in the first half of this year and to sample our CAT6 LTE advanced thin modem by the middle of the year. We have engagements with multiple customers on LTE designs.  In connectivity, we remain focused on driving leading edge technology into tablets and smartphones. We see the cadence of new connectivity features continuing into 2014, with broadening adoption of 2x2 MIMO technology across multiple classes of devices.  We also see continued penetration of 5G wifi as well as other differentiating connectivity features that will come to market over the next 12 to 18 months. As we outlined at analyst day, Broadcom connectivity is smaller, lower power, and higher performance than competing solutions. This level of differentiation enables us to maintain our strong footprint in connectivity, especially for leadership devices. We also continue to build momentum around the Internet of Things and wearables, with our WICED and WICED Smart connectivity platforms. Were engaged with multiple customers across multiple end markets. For example, we have the vast majority of major appliance brands, multiple health monitoring devices, 14 different fitness companies, 7 thermostat companies, and multiple smart watch suppliers. We continue to see good growth potential in the Internet of Things, and firmly believe that the connectivity portion is the ideal low power technology to enable this nascent market. Looking into Q1, we see our mobile and wireless business trending down sequentially due both to seasonality and some continued modest channel inventory. In summary, we saw strength exiting 2013, particularly in our infrastructure business. Looking into 2014, were building momentum in LTE, setting the stage for ultra HD, and continuing to power the worlds service provider and data center networks with our highly differentiated switch and processor offerings, positioning Broadcom for competitive differentiation and long term growth. This concludes our prepared comments, and now were ready for your questions. Operator, may we have the first question please? 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Your first question is from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. 
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan: Great to see the production ramp of your 4G solution into your lead customer this quarter. I think the natural follow on question would be with carrier qualifications under your belt, youve got a tier one customer shipping in production into a number of different markets globally. Question is, are you starting to expand your 4G wins into more platforms with your lead customer? And have you managed to secure wins with other customers with your LTE platform? 
Scott McGregor : I cant comment on specific customers, but I can say that we have multiple designs in each of multiple customers at this point. So I believe were seeing pretty good customer traction. Its a good product. I think the customers recognize it competitive in the space, and so I expect well see multiple customers delivering products in the market over the next number of quarters, towards the end of this year and into next year, expanding.
Harlan Sur - JPMorgan : And on the opex front, its good to see the continued focus on optimization and discipline. If you can just kind of help us understand whats driving the lower step up in opex in Q1, and I think you mentioned at your analyst day that you expect opex to trend flattish to slightly down from the Q1 levels for the remainder of the year? Is that how we should continue to think about it?
Eric Brandt: In Q1, the fringe and merit was pretty much what we thought. Its roughly $35-36 million in Q1. The guide, whats going on underneath it, is as weve sort of gone through the restructuring, we have lower employee costs as a result of having somewhat lower employees on a run rate basis going into Q1, offset by some increased [mask] spending in Q1. So thats sort of the moving pieces underneath it.  As I said on analysts day, I cant really guide across the year. Were trying to manage things extraordinarily tightly. We will have some wraparound of merit in Q2, but other than that, nothing new to report. 
Operator: The next question is from Vivek Arya of Bank of America.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : I wanted to talk about the gross margins, first on Q4 and then on Q1. On Q4, Im sort of surprised why margins were a little below, I think despite the favorable mix. And I think you had mentioned an inventory charge. Whats special about those inventory charges that theyre not factored into the original outlook? I just wanted to understand the puts and takes there. And then I had a similar question on Q1 gross margins.
Eric Brandt : On analyst day, we had anticipated roughly 25 basis points of impact from E&O. And at the end of the quarter, we had, principally driven by a quality issue coming out of the fab, which has been rectified, which as a result, we reserved those parts. So it was a late reserve, and it was roughly 50 basis points. And so it was kind of a surprise to us as a one-time event in the quarter. Absent that, we would have been on the better end of the guided range.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : So maybe as a follow up, even if I add back the 50 basis points, you would have still seen a sequential decline on gross margins, even though you had the favorable mix. And sort of to follow on to that, on the Q1 gross margin, I think you had mentioned the mix within mobile and wireless as the reason for the margin decline. If you could give us some more color on what about the mix in mobile and wireless is driving those margins lower? 
Eric Brandt : You are correct. From a business unit perspective, there is a margin tailwind with the strength in the infrastructure business vis--vis the mobile business.  Within the mobile business, there is a pretty significant price competition within the cellular component on 3G, and I think most people know that. And unfortunately for us, without the ramp yet, or meaningful ramp, of 4G into our numbers, we feel that. And both the strength in cellular in Q1 vis--vis connectivity and the pricing pressure in 3G, thats whats affecting the gross margin, and affecting the gross margin sufficiently to give the aggregated gross margin that we gave for the guidance.
Operator: The next question is from Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley : Your competitor, Qualcomm, last night talked about 200 AC sockets. I guess thats a lot. I wanted to give you a chance to respond to that, if you want to.
Scott McGregor : I dont know whether thats the correct number or not, so Ill decline to challenge that. We certainly have focused on the high end phones, and high volume phones, and I think Broadcom has done a great job of winning the key phones in the market. And I expect to see continued strength over the course of this year.
Joseph Moore - Morgan Stanley : And anything you can tell us in terms of thinking about the size of the LTE business in the first quarter? Is it a meaningful impact on the sequential, or is it still kind of relatively small?
Scott McGregor : Its small in the first quarter, and as I said at analyst day, were looking for something like nine digits over the course of this year. So we do expect it to ramp significantly, especially towards the second half.
Operator: Our next question is from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank : Could you tell me a bit on the trajectory we should expect in general for Trident II? I know youre not going to guide specifically for one product, but where are we in the rollout of that? Early days? Middle of the game? Any sort of color on that would be helpful.
Scott McGregor : Its definitely early days in the rollout of Trident. I think there was a little bit of pent-up demand, because everybody had designed that chip into their products, so it got off to a fairly quick launch. But what typically happens in a lot of these sites is theyll deploy a relatively small number as a test, and then theyll deploy more as they get comfortable with the product, and they see what it can really do. So Id say its early days in the Trident II ramp. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank : And I guess as my follow up, one for Eric. I know you said about $65 million of impact from Renaissance was your goal in the fourth quarter. It looks like you might have been lower than that. How should we think about that restructuring driven opex decline as we go through 2014? Is there a different shape to it now that the starting point appears to be a little bit lower?
Eric Brandt : Good question. Recall that we originally expected $75 million in Q4 when we did the deal, about $0.12 of EPS. And actually we were closer to $0.09, so right around $50 million to $55 million in terms of expenditures. So we were able to remove the costs quicker in terms of integrating the two organizations, and now that the integration is sort of done between the two organizations, I expect that that cost drop will be relatively flat in the first half of the year, so not as much, because we took a lot of it out of Q4, and probably more, again, towards the back half of the year. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank : With the same ending point?
Eric Brandt : Yes, we are unchanged in our ending point.
Operator: The next question is from Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Research.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Securities : Eric, if I look at the margins for the mobile business, I think they went from double digits a couple of quarters ago to low single digits this quarter. Just wondering, I think you told us that Renaissance will be neutral by end of this year. And first of all, is it still on track? And then if that happens, where can we expect the overall margin for the mobile business to go by the end of this year?
Eric Brandt : Theres no material change to our view in terms of the accretion dilution associated with Renaissance in 2014. Naturally, it will depend on the rate and pace of the ramp of the design wins that Scott mentioned earlier. In terms of the OI number for mobile and wireless as we end the year, I cant even begin to guide that number at this point. Were probably very early in that stage, and the slope of that line will have a very significant impact of what the OI will look like towards the end of the year.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Securities : And then Scott, you talked about ultra HD and HEVC. Im just curious, do we need ultra HD to take off for HEVC to ramp for you?
Scott McGregor : Thats an insightful question, because a lot of people assume that theres a one to one relationship between those. What HEVC does is it really gives you a factor of two better compression, so you can transmit twice as many channels in the same bandwidth.  So we have a lot of customers interested in it, just so that they can pack in more HD channels or they can get better efficiency. If youre an over the top set top box maker, you get a factor of two fewer bits transmitted across the Ethernet. So much better download speeds and reliability for people at home with fixed bandwidths. So I think were going to see a very broad adoption of HEVC regardless of whether ultra HD takes off. Now, that being said, we believe that ultra HD is really going to catch fire here. Unlike some of the 3D technologies and other things of the past, it doesnt require special glasses, and its not super high price. The prices are coming down very fast on that. And if you see it, its visually quite dramatic. So I think the next step in that is really a combination of getting the infrastructure in place where we play a role, and weve seen very good traction with customers, and then for the content to start showing up. And I think youre going to see it with some of these premium sports events, some of the soccer events and Olympics and other things.  But its interesting also because theres other technology coming to play that really takes existing Blu-Ray media and other media and takes advantage of that higher resolution and better chroma capabilities and other things. So I think from a visual point of view, these TV sets are going to be pretty compelling, and with the price not too high, I think people will jump on them. But Broadcom is definitely going to benefit no matter what, because the HEVC, in its own right, is compelling to get that factor of two better compression.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Securities : Any guesses on the timing of the ramp for HEVC for you?
Scott McGregor : It will start towards the end of this year. Weve got some customers with some initial deployments, but it really starts ramping towards the end of this year, and next year I think its substantially larger for us. Its a multiyear beneficial trend for us, because it will mean a replacement of existing set top boxes, existing [unintelligible] equipment, and so it allows us to really get a replacement cycle on the capital there.  Most of the carriers are going to phase it in, so probably initially offer premium based services, and then youll get a new box, and then over time theyll deploy that, probably close to 100% of their base, replacing the older boxes, just because they want that factor of two better transmission. 
Operator: The next question is from Romit Shah with Nomura.
Romit Shah - Nomura : Baseband was a drag on revenue last year. Im kind of curious how you see the split between 3G and 4G here in the first quarter. And should we assume that the 3G business stabilizes from here?
Scott McGregor :
 :
 :
Operator: The next question is from Mark Lipacis with Jefferies. 
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: The networking business is better than you expected. Is this due primarily to, you mentioned Trident. But is there something broader going on? Do you think the industry is just spending more in this area? Or is this just due to a great product cycle in Trident?
Scott McGregor : In the fourth quarter, the reason we saw higher than expected growth was due to service provider and the enterprise space. But actually, the fastest grower overall, although not faster than we thought, was the data center space. And were just seeing really good pickup in a lot of things. I think Broadcom has some excellent technical cycles on our products there. Were seeing increased spending for cloud data centers. The enterprise market is beginning to show some life. I think people are beginning to start upgrading and replacing equipment.  And then the service provider business is definitely strong. The rollout of LTE base stations in China is very much underway, and Broadcom has secured wins not just for switches, but also for back haul, for processors, and a variety of other technologies, in these base stations that are being deployed across China. And we expect multiple additional waves to come after that. So this is not a just this year thing. This is a multiyear phenomenon. So we see very good strength in the infrastructure business overall, and we expect to see strong business in that this year as well. 
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Chin with UBS. 
Stephen Chin - UBS: The question I had mainly was on the connectivity business, and some of the opportunities for growth in 2014. Scott, you mentioned the Internet of Things. I know thats still a very new area. But I was kind of wondering if you see a certain pattern shaping up in terms of design win cycles and when revenue ramps would be for certain types of products that youre currently being designed into and maybe in discussions with.
Scott McGregor : The Internet of Things is definitely an interesting market for us, and I mentioned that were in almost every major appliance and all kinds of things. I mean, 7 different thermostats, thats good. And its kind of hard to forecast how fast that market is going to grow.  I think well definitely see some benefit of that over the course of this year, and definitely over the next few years. But the real driver on our connectivity business this year is going to be from the 5G wifi, the 2x2 MIMO technologies. Thats probably the biggest driver. And I think, unlike last year, where our connectivity business was relatively flat across the year, this year we see it much more as a second half much larger than first half phenomenon.  So I think youll see relatively muted growth in the first half, but we see very strong growth in the second half based on expected deployments of customers ramping in those devices, which have higher ASPs for us. So as you model our connectivity business, definitely much stronger second half, driven by those two technologies in particular. 
Operator: The next question is from Timothy Arcuri of Cowen & Company.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company : I had a question on the buyback. You generated about $500 million in free cash flow, but virtually nothing from a buyback point of view this quarter, when your stock was at pretty low levels during the quarter. Was there a particular reason for that? And what can we expect on that front going forward?
Eric Brandt : As I mentioned, we bought back $600 million worth of stock this year, and with the dividends, we returned over 100% of the capital. Weve bought back a small amount of shares in the quarter. What I didnt mention in my prepared remarks was, we actually had a debt repayment in the quarter. Remember, we had the $300 million bond, which is U.S. cash? And with Q1 being sort of the low revenue quarter and the high opex quarter, we were just being a little prudent on U.S. cash flow. So as I mentioned, we returned literally over 100% of our U.S. cash flow this year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Ellis of B. Riley.  
Craig Ellis - B. Riley: Scott, I believe it was Bob Rango at analyst day that said he thought connectivity would grow year on year in calendar 14. Is the company still expecting year on year growth? And if so, what are the specific drivers to that growth?
Scott McGregor : We believe that the 5G wifi and 2x2 MIMO are going to contribute substantially, and again, as I answered a previous question, we see that as a second half predominantly phenomenon for that to really kick into full gear. You know, we have to caveat that we cant judge the exact ramp and rate and introductions of all these different products from our customers. But we still are forecasting that our connectivity business is going to grow this year.
Operator: Our next question is from Christopher Rolland with FBR Capital Markets. 
Christopher Rolland - FBR Capital Markets: Can you guys talk about mix in the infrastructure segment. Trident II and NetLogic are certainly probably higher value parts for you guys. So is it fair to say we could see a mix up there? And I know you dont guide by gross margins, you guys break out top margins in your 10-Q, but do you think its fair to say that that could be going up from here in 14 and 15?
Scott McGregor : The margins in infrastructure have been relatively stable. There are various puts and takes on that. Some things on the low end. So to the extent that we are selling more on high end, and particularly some of the high end processor things, there is certainly a tailwind benefit to that, and some of the optical products as well. But its been pretty consistent, actually, almost rock solid, across 13, and I suspect similarly in 14 as well.
Operator: The next question is from Glen Yeung with Citigroup.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: You guys talked a bit about China wireless infrastructure helping you out in the quarter, and a lot of other companies have. Whats your sense as to the shape of what that business will look like for you over the course of the year?
Scott McGregor : The China infrastructure business is in waves of offerings to a broad set of their suppliers, many of which byproducts from us. And it looks like multiple tranches each of hundreds of thousands of base stations that are going to be deployed across China. And so the initial tranche is out there and is being procured, and we expect therell be multiple follow-ons to that.  And thats China Mobile. And then we expect a number of the other Chinese infrastructure players to get involved as well. So I think its a multiyear phenomenon. Certainly weve seen the first tranche, and its been rolling out as we expected. And I believe there will be follow-on, both within China Mobile and others. 
Operator: The next question is from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse : Quick clarification and a question. On the clarification side, just given some of the prepared comments around the mix headwinds intramobile in Q1, is it fair to say connectivity down more than cellular sequentially in the March quarter?  And then secondly, this is the second or third consecutive quarter where pricing pressure in 3G has been kind of an issue on gross margins. Kind of curious, what cost down plans do you have in that business? How should we think about 3G gross margins throughout the year, and at what point do you just get to a level where it starts to make sense to walk away from business? 
Scott McGregor : In terms of 3G gross margins, I think theyll continue to be under pressure for the rest of this year. I dont see that suddenly letting up. I mean, obviously we wont sell things below where we make money on them, but how much money we make on them is definitely challenged. I think this really underscores, and our strategy is to ramp into 4G in LTE products, and we think thats a better place to be and where we can really show our competitiveness, and we put our energies into that market.  We expect to continue to sell 3G products for the course of this year. Whether we continue to sell them in future years will depend on whether we think we can make money and get a good return on incremental investment in that space.
Eric Brandt : And to answer your question on relative mix within NWG, yes, the cellular business is relatively stronger within NWG than WCC, or connectivity is, in the first quarter. 
Operator: The next question is from Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
Jim Schneider - Goldman Sachs: On the baseband business for a moment, understanding you dont want to talk about the pipeline of design wins, but do you feel you have full visibility on at least the dual core LTE design wins for the rest of calendar 2014 in terms of new SKUs? And then can you tell us whether you expect to see any quad core LTE revenue contributing in 2014?
Scott McGregor : We have visibility on the designs weve won already. We expect to win additional designs this year, though. I think as we get later into the year, whether they can still actually ship them in this year, or whether its an early next year event starts to get more challenged. We do believe that were going to be winning new designs with that product over the course of this year. Weve got a number of customers who are, we think, close to making design commits on that.  Quad core, well have to see. Its certainly possible for people to ship that before the end of the year, but I think if they do, its not going to be a meaningful revenue contributor this year. I think youd see next year for quad core. 
Operator: The next question is from Edward Snyder with Charter Equity.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity : On the connectivity, it seems to be the case, or our checks suggest, that there may be more pricing pressure than there has been historically. I know youve spoken to that on 3G. Could you update us on how the pricing is going in connectivity with Qualcomm out there trying to give it away on their solution?  And then secondly, on [dot AC] solution, which will obviously be in some iconic phones this year, how confident are you of a second half ramp in that product? Were hearing theres a couple of different people in the running for one of the big phones released in the second half of the year, although Broadcom leads. You indicated that you expect a big ramp. Is that something you think is definitely going to happen, might happen, or youre still in the design process and not sure yet?
Scott McGregor : I think the connectivity pricing is reflecting that people have not rolled out the AC and the 2x2 MIMO particularly quickly at this point, and that thats more of a second half of this year phenomenon. So I would expect our ASP to go up in the second half of the year as opposed to the pricing pressure as you describe it now. So our competitive strength, I think, will show substantially better in the second half.  In terms of visibility and where are we on design wins, generally at this point in the year, customers are pretty committed on what theyre going to ship this year. So I would say our confidence on where weve won and where weve not won is pretty good. 
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Freedman of RBC Capital Markets. 
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets : When I look at your results versus the guidance or the upside at the midpoint, you beat by a little bit more than $40 million, yet the upside you cited in infrastructure is about 12. Where was the other strength that surprised you intraquarter?
Eric Brandt : I would say that there was a little bit more strength in mobile, in cellular in particular, than we had anticipated. But the majority was in the infrastructure space.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets: And then if I could focus in on the mobile and wireless, Scott, you gave a nice answer just there on what was taking place within the ASPs on combo side. Whats it going to take for us to see sort of ASPs start to lift with the launch of LTE and sort of higher content platforms on the cellular side?
Scott McGregor : LTE is a big factor for us there. Our lowest price LTE product is significantly above our highest price 3G product, and so its definitely an ASP mix pickup as we launch LTE, and thats really key, I think, to getting this business in good shape, is getting a good, strong launch with LTE this year. And we believe weve won a number of high volume designs, and our expectation is that we should be able to deliver our goals this year, based on the designs weve already won.  And of course were always looking for some more upside on that, but we need to carry that forward into next year. And weve got a lot of new products coming out this year. Weve told you about some of them, which include not only the quad core, the CAT4, but moving to CAT6 and moving to full SOCs. And weve got some interesting products over the course of this year, and some we havent talked about yet.  So our teams working hard, and I think youre going to be pleased with some products that we have this year. And some of the ones weve shared with customers so far, they tell us that we have great competitive products, and to the extent we can get those out there and launch them with customers, I think thats the real key to getting decent ASPs in the cellular business, and turning baseband business into something were proud of.
Operator: The next question is from David Wong of Wells Fargo.
David Wong - Wells Fargo : With your expected ramp up of 4G, what percent of total baseband sales do you think will be from 4G products by, say, the last quarter of this year?
Scott McGregor : That would be hard to guess. Im going to not guess on that. But clearly we see LTE ramping steadily over the course of the year, and it will be an increasing percentage. Not sure I can call what the fourth quarter mix is going to be, but certainly well go up.
Operator: The next question is from Alex Guana with JMP Securities.
Alex Guana - JMP Securities : Scott, can you talk about linearity as it progressed through the quarter and into this year? And then also, how you feel about visibility building into the second quarter? And would that indicate a down/flat type of outlook at this juncture? I know youre not guiding formally, but to the extent you can give some color it would be helpful. 
Eric Brandt : The linearity in Q4 was what we typically see, which is stronger in the first two months, and then lighter in the third month. And thats about the same across virtually every quarter of the year. Its rare that we have a third month of the quarter which is above a third of the quarter. And thats one of the reasons why you see the DSOs as strongly as you do. In terms of the year, in terms of linearity, as Scott mentioned, I think well see stronger back half of the year in connectivity as there is adoption and ramp of new features in connectivity. Beyond that, I think the other two businesses, broadband and infrastructure, will follow roughly what the seasonal patterns are over the course of the year. But hard to say, because I dont know what normal is anymore in the industry.
Operator: Our next question is from Ruben Roy with Mizuho Securities. 
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities: Scott, I just wanted to follow up on the HEVC comments and your commentary that its more than just selling into the ultra HD TVs. It sounds like theres an opportunity for compression, I imagine, in higher end set top boxes, etc. Is this a content expansion opportunity in the higher end products in developed markets for 2014?
Scott McGregor : It absolutely is an expansion opportunity for us. And its not just the developed markets. Its also in a number of developing markets. You look at a country like Brazil, for example, which is deploying very sophisticated infrastructure in there as they prepare for simultaneously World Cup and Olympics. And we have a number of other countries that you would classify as either developing countries or in between that are deploying very high end infrastructure. Let me just underscore the real value of HEVC. If youre an over the top or an IP content provider, this technology gives you a factor of two compression. So in other words, instead of transmitting bits at 5 Mbps, you transmit them at 2.5 Mbps. And that just really works, as people try and squeeze it in. And if a movie only uses half as many bits, for those who are capacity limited or have quotas per month and things like that, getting a movie in there for half the number of bits is a big deal. So thats definitely an exciting market for those guys, completely independent of ultra HD. If youre a satellite provider, just using fewer bits up and down to the birds is important. If youre a cable operator, its a big deal, because you can either get more channels in or you can get ultra HD channels squeezed into the space you already own, and you dont have to figure out how to cut channels. You can keep your existing channels, compress them in a smaller space, and add a significant number of ultra HD channels going forward.  So all of this is pretty compelling, and we dont really see any class of content provider whos not interested in HEVC and doesnt have plans to roll it out over the next couple of years.
Operator: Our next question is from Ambrish Srivastava of BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets : A follow up on the mobile and wireless business. After making the acquisition and your expectation on what the revenue contribution will be, where are you right now versus what you thought when you acquired the business? Is it higher, lower, or the same? Or is there a difference in what is causing it?
Scott McGregor : Were definitely on track with the businesses we acquired. Its always a significant risk when you acquire a business in terms of getting the folks productive and integrated into the company. We had a number of products that were going to tape out shortly after the acquisition.  Basically, everythings on track. I think the team we acquired looks great. Really strong team, very capable team. I think together the Broadcom and the Renaissance team did a great job of just making things work smoothly. The products have taped out on time. All the engineering stuff is on schedule. Some of its ahead of schedule. I am just really pleased with this acquisition, and I think its about as theoretically perfect as it could have been on an acquisition. So very pleased with that.  And so consequently, in terms of all of the costs, were ahead of the game on that, as Eric has said. In terms of the engineering schedules, were on track or ahead in some cases. In terms of customer traction, looks very strong. And so I think all systems go, and the milestones I told you about at analyst day, all are on track, and we might do a little better on some. So again, very pleased with how thats going. 
Operator: The next question is from Hans Mosesmann of Raymond James.
Hans Mosesmann - Raymond James : Scott, if you can give us an update on your ARMv8 multi core processor that you guys talked about in October, in terms of timing for sampling and production, that kind of stuff.
Scott McGregor : We took an architecture license to the ARM 64-bit v8 processor, and I know a number of our competitors have already announced products and when theyre going to roll out, and stuff like that. We generally are more conservative on when we announce products. We generally announce products when they sample. And so I dont have particularly an update for you today, but you can assume that v8 is on our roadmap, 64-bit, across our product families, and youll hear more about it as those products become available for sampling and go to customers. But you can assume that that is something were working on, we have on our roadmap, and we believe will be very competitive in that space.
Operator: At this time, Id like to turn the conference back to Scott for closing remarks.
Scott McGregor : Thank you everyone for joining today. I think its been good to talk with you. Weve made progress on multiple strategic fronts in 2013. We gained market share in a number of key areas. Weve delivered model profitability in 2013, despite broader industry weakness. I want to thank our employees also for the hard work theyve put in, and their continuing dedication to designing and delivering the world-class communications products that make us strong. Finally, as a reminder, well be hosting an analyst open house at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, and that will be on February 24 at 3 p.m. local time. For any of those analysts in the area, if you need additional details on this event, please give Chris or [Sameer] a call. With that, thanks again for joining us, and have a good day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-08-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Krause - Vice President of Corporate Development Hock E. Tan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Anthony Maslowski - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Corporate Controller
Analysts: James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division JoAnne Feeney Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Avago Technologies Limited Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Tom Krause, Vice President of Corporate Development. Please go ahead, sir.
Thomas Krause: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tony Maslowski, Interim Chief Financial Officer of Avago Technologies. After the market closed today, Avago distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the third quarter fiscal year 2013. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Avago's website at avagotech.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for 1 week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at avagotech.com.  During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Tony will be providing details of our third quarter results, background to our Q4 2013 outlook and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Avago reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock. Hock, go ahead.
Hock E. Tan: Thank you, Tom, good afternoon, everyone. We're going to start today by reviewing recent end market business highlights and then Tony will provide a summary of third quarter fiscal 2013 financial results. As I begin, let me remind you that our third quarter results included 5 weeks of contribution from CyOptics. With that, revenue for our third quarter fiscal year was $644 million, which included $21 million from CyOptics. Non-CyOptics-related revenues grew 11% from last quarter and were above the upper end of our guidance of 6% to 9%. Wired infrastructure was up 18% sequentially and industrial was also up 18%, both well ahead of our regional guidance. This more than offset weaker-than-expected results from wireless, which ended up 3% growth sequentially in the quarter. Now, looking at Q4, we do -- we expect overall revenue to grow between 12% to 15% sequentially. This includes a full quarter, or 13 weeks, of revenue contribution from CyOptics, which is forecast to be approximately $55 million. I want to highlight too, that, excluding CyOptics, we expect to grow revenue, high single-digits sequentially, as well as year-over-year. Let me provide more color on each of our target markets. Starting with wireless, over the last several months, as you are no doubt all aware, the smartphone market -- high-end smartphone market, in particular, has softened. Recent OEM smartphone launches have disappointed. I would note, however, that our wireless business is still up 19% year-over-year in Q3. The reason is simply content. The emerging proliferation of LTE, first, in North America, then Japan, and now gradually rolling out in Europe and soon to follow in China, drives the need for higher performance RF. With proprietary RF bar filters and pads, power amplifier duplexer, front end modules that is, Avago is focused on solving the most difficult RF challenges, and as a result, we believe we are capturing the most value-added sockets. Now, having said that, the competitive landscape continues to evolve pretty much as we expected, as emerging players in filters are now showing up. But we believe our position remains very strong as we continue to invest in design innovation, process technology and capacity. As a result, I continue to be confident in our wireless growth prospects going forward. Looking at Q4, interestingly, our 2 largest smartphone customers are ramping their next-generation platforms, and our content in both these platforms continue to improve substantially. As a result, we anticipate our Q4 wireless revenue to grow mid-teens, sequentially, on a percentage basis. Moving on to wired infrastructure target market. Here, non-CyOptics wired revenue grew 18% sequentially in Q3, as I mentioned, and represented 28% of overall revenues. Data center related demand was particularly strong, helped by the accelerating transition from 10G to 40G. Our ASIC SerDes business had a record quarter. In the past, we have highlighted our increasing design wins at major networking OEMs and we clearly saw the benefits of that in the current -- in the recent quarter. In fiber, after 2 lackluster quarters, due to flat, traditional enterprise spending, increased data spend -- increased data center spend, I should say -- also pushed up demand for our 10G, as well as our 40G optical transceiver products. Looking forward to Q4, we see data center spending continuing to sustain, including strong demand for 40G products. Finally, we see core routing demand returning, driven particularly by backhaul build-outs in China. As a result, we expect wired infrastructure revenue, excluding CyOptics, to grow sequentially. Demand for CyOptics Edge Emitting Lasers and receivers is strong, due to the rollout of 100G coherent telecom networks and 40G single-mode fiber interconnects in large data centers. We are transitioning certain low-margin subsystem business into related higher-margin component sales. Notwithstanding this transition, helped by strong market demand worldwide, we expect that -- we expect CyOptics to contribute approximately $55 million in net revenue in Q4. In a nutshell, we anticipate overall wired infrastructure revenue, which includes for CyOptics, to grow approximately 20% sequentially. Now switching gears to our industrial target market. Net sales grew 18% in Q3, which was much stronger than my expectation at the beginning of the quarter and accounted for 24% of our overall revenue. Worldwide industrial's resales were up again this quarter, led by China and Japan, which were very strong. We also saw some limited inventory replenishments in our OEM customers and the channel after 2 quarters of de-stocking, which we believe was related to our customers' confidence in the sustainability of current end market demand. In China, we saw strength in transportation, as well as power generation and distribution. In Japan, we benefited from exports of silver dry [ph] by our Tier 1 OEMs and strong emerging demand for PV inverters in small-scale solar systems. Focusing on Q4, we expect resales to continue to be up. However, after the robust revenue uptick and the inventory replenishment we saw in the previous quarter, we expect revenue from this target market to be roughly flat sequentially. In summary, therefore, we exceeded our revenue expectations in Q3 and that -- as a -- sorry, we exceeded our revenue expectation in Q3, as a pronounced improvement in our wired and industrial businesses mitigated the underperformance in wireless. For Q4, we expect wired to continue to perform, while new generation smartphone REMs [ph] and our 2 largest customers give us confidence wireless will be very strong. As a result, excluding CyOptics, we expect to grow revenues high single-digits sequentially, as well as year-over-year. Including the contribution from CyOptics, though, we expect overall revenue to grow between 12% to 15% sequentially in Q4. With that, let me now turn the call over to Tony for a more detailed review of our third quarter financials.
Anthony Maslowski: Thank you, Hock, and good afternoon, everyone. Before reviewing the third quarter fiscal 2013 financial results, I want to remind you that my comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release issued today and is also available on our website at www.avagotech.com. Revenue of $644 million in Q3 represents an increase of 15% from last quarter and an increase of 6% versus the same quarter a year ago. Excluding the approximately 1-month contribution from CyOptics, which was slightly higher than expected, Avago's non-CyOptics revenue grew 11% quarter-over-quarter. The sequential strength from our non-CyOptics business was a result of much stronger demand in wired infrastructure and better-than-expected recovery in industrial compared to our prior expectation. As Hock discussed earlier, revenue from wireless target market was below our expectations. FoxConn continued to be a greater-than-10% customer in Q3. Our Q3 gross margin was 50.9%. Better product mix drove gross margins higher for our non-CyOptics business compared to the prior quarter, which was offset by the negative impact of CyOptics on our overall gross margins. I should note that the non-GAAP gross margin for CyOptics also outperformed our expectation. Turning to operating expenses. OpEx for Q3 came in at $137 million, in line with our guidance when you include the guidance we gave for CyOptics business. R&D expenses increased by $3 million to $91 million as a result of higher R&D investment, as well as 1 month R&D spending for CyOptics. SG&A increased by $4 million to $46 million due primarily to higher offensive litigation expenses in addition to 1 month of SG&A costs related to CyOptics. As a percentage of sales, R&D decreased to 14% from 16% in the prior quarter and SG&A remained at 7% of net revenue. CyOptics' operating expenses came in at the low end of our expectation. Income from operations for the quarter increased by $33 million sequentially to $191 million and represented 30% of net revenue compared to the $186 million for Q3 of last year, income from operations increased by $5 million. Other income was $4 million, which was a gain in fair value of marketable securities representing minority interests. Taxes came in at $7 million for Q3, in line with our guidance. Q3 net income of $188 million increased 23% from the prior quarter and Q3 earnings per diluted share of $0.74 was $0.13 higher than Q2. The sequential increase in Q3 earnings is attributable primarily to growth in non-CyOptics revenue, as well as earnings contribution from CyOptics. Compared to Q3 of last year, net income was $6 million higher and earnings per diluted share was $0.02 higher for similar reasons. Our share-based compensation in Q3 was $20 million. The breakdown of the expense for Q3 includes $3 million in cost of goods sold, $8 million in R&D and $9 million in SG&A. In Q4, we anticipate share-based compensation will be approximately $21 million. And just as a reminder, the company's definition of non-GAAP net income excludes share-based compensation expense. Moving on to the balance sheet, our days sales outstanding came in at 52 days. This was up 8 days from the prior quarter, primarily due to the timing of shipments in the quarter and unfavorable impact of CyOptics DSO. Impact of CyOptics is 5 days unfavorable. Our inventory ended at $248 million, an increase of $55 million from last quarter. In addition to $32 million of CyOptics inventory, which negatively impacted our inventory days on hand, we continue to build wireless inventory in anticipation of various product launches with our smartphone OEM customers. Days on hand were 82 days. Impact of CyOptics is 6 days unfavorable. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $863 million and we generated $137 million in operational cash flow. We spent $65 million on capital expenditures. We also spent $400 million of cash on CyOptics acquisition in the quarter. For Q4, we expect CapEx to be approximately $67 million. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1 million shares, which consumed $38 million of cash. We continue to be committed to a share buyback program that aims to limit dilution from employee-related stock issuances. On June 28, 2013, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.21 per ordinary share, which consumed $52 million of cash. This dividend was raised by $0.02 from the prior quarter. Since the inception of our dividend program in Q2 2011, to date, we have continued to increase our dividend each quarter. Now let me turn our non-GAAP guidance for fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions and we do not intend to update this guidance. Total revenue is expected to grow by 12% to 15% from Q3. Gross margin is expected to be 50%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $145 million. Taxes are forecasted to be approximately $12 million, and finally, the diluted share count forecast is for 254 million shares. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if we could start on the wireless side for a moment. Can you talk about the trends you're seeing right now, at your second-biggest smartphone customer and whether the well-publicized inventory correction that, that customer is essentially behind you at this point? And then, related to that, looking ahead of the smartphone launches you have across your customer set in the next quarter, can you talk about any trends you're seeing with respect to more discrete FBAR sales for you guys versus pads?
Hock E. Tan: Wow, lots of questions there. Let me try to parse that and go one by one. Let's talk about market trends short term, Q4 and specific to the rest of the year. What we do see is, other than our 2 largest smartphone OEM customers, in the higher-end phone range especially, we see a few other phone OEMs launching new phone programs. I mean you have seen that especially on -- we see about Optimus, we see Nexus coming out and we see a few other Lumias coming out, around that, later in the year. But, obviously, the 2 biggest high-end smartphones makers are making the news and we see both programs launching this particular quarter, definitely in the second half of this particular quarter. And right now, as we perceive it, inventory is the least of our problems, in that regard of excess inventory. We are ramping up very, very strongly to try to meet demand. Very, very strongly and very, very urgently just to meet demand of those several smartphone OEMs that we have to support at this stage, okay? That's pretty much what I would limit my discussion to, as to say. A lot of the bookings, a lot of the backlog is in place and what we're trying to do is really an interesting challenge to our supply chain to meet it all. But we'll get there. Then, as far as the second part of your questions on mix, in the short term, both are happening. There are quite a few satellites and discrete FBARs, satellite PAs and discrete FBARs that happens. We also obviously see, from our perspective, quite a bit of head architectures that are also happening. And it varies, obviously, from OEM to OEM, and the best way to answer is we see both. We are seeing both as we see right now. Obviously, increased FBAR architecture comes from increased LTE bands that are now put into a lot of these high-end smartphones, which needed to be supported and yet not some of them. Many of them are not supported as pads but rather supported on a discrete basis. So we see quite a considerable mix of both in this next 6 months, I guess the best way to describe it.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then to follow-up on the industrial business. Clearly, there, your results had been lagging a lot of your peers for a while, but now have caught up and then some it seems like. So can you maybe talk about the channel behavior, and specifically the distributors, what you're seeing from them? Is it a matter of their inventories got too low and they needed to replenish somewhat or they just feel better about overall demand? So do you feel like you're more or less shipping in line with any consumption at this point?
Hock E. Tan: Well, obviously, we're not trying to be too smart about it. Consumption, definitely showing consumption a bit tricky. But I'll tell you what we see in China. In China, a lot of customers are not huge and their management of supply chain is extremely short term. And what we do see, what we have always seen in China and continues that way, is when they perceive end markets to be not as strong, they'll be the first, our Chinese customers in industrial, will be the first to disappear from the demand horizon. And when things go turnaround, they're always the first to show up and they tend to probably replenish their de-stocked inventory level very quickly. And I believe a big part of what we're seeing in Q3 was exactly what happened. A lot of OEMs, small OEMs, midsized OEMs in China came in and bought, and bought pretty heavy. And our China -- revenue -- industrial business in China grew double digits, strong double digits I should say. As they did in Japan and yet Japan is different in a sense. There was a lot of exports in Japan perhaps helped by the yen, also helped by lumpy business related to machine-to-machine tool and automation investment or handset makers in China. And so we see a combination of that influence. As far as channel inventory is concerned, we didn't see -- keep in mind, for the last 2 quarters, we have been de-stocking our channel inventory. So what happened last quarter, we've -- especially Chinese customer jumping in and replenishing their stock, our channel inventory also went up. Overall, our total channel inventory went up about less than mid-single digits overall. So, while it did go up, it's in a limited basis. So most of the OEMs took on the parts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Hock, again, starting on the wireless side. First part of the question looking a little bit backwards and the second part looking forward. Can you just talk through what you saw happen in the July quarter? The growth of about 3%, it was about 5 points less than you expected. And if we look forward beyond the October quarter, just for an idea of how you view seasonality in your wireless business.
Hock E. Tan: Seasonality, as it used to, in past years, seems to have largely, not totally, but largely disappeared. And frankly, it disappeared because the timing of phone launches, at least with the markets where we address, seems to have overridden that seasonal trends. So it's more the timing, and especially the timing of large phone OEM makers. In this particular case, I'll start with Q4, what we are seeing here is -- our strength here is seen by 2 of our largest customers in wireless are launching their next-generation phone platforms almost at the same time, very interesting. And so we are seeing, basically, revenue aggregating, I guess, in one quarter. Probably another quarter beyond that one. Not making a forecast here, but it seems it will probably run over, does it's effect of this quarter and you'll probably rollover to the quarter after that, but in a very, very strong manner. Now they're not the only guys who -- because we seem to see some other phone OEM makers, we're also launching new phone platforms somewhere over the current September, October, November timeframe also, especially September, October timeframe. So everybody seems to rush in and maybe that's also tied to seasonality for Christmas. I just happen to think that maybe a larger part of it is they choose to do it all at the same time, by coincidence or maybe not so coincident. And that's what's happening this quarter. Meanwhile, back to last quarter. Last quarter was, obviously, a different interest because there wasn't any particular large phone launches, that we see for ourselves, that would benefit us last quarter. It was more a broad-based sustainability of smartphone OEM customers coming in for demand. And it was pretty nice too, because it still enabled us to grow 3%, maybe less than what we had expected. But, all things considered, wasn't too bad from our perspective. But it was more a variety of the other multiple phone makers all sustaining, and in some cases, launching new programs that kept our revenue and then sustained our wireless revenue last quarter. This particular quarter is unusually impact of 2 big guys and several other small guys launching new phone programs.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. I guess, as my follow-up. On the wired side of things, if you take the CyOptics out of it, for answering this part of the question, seems like you grew about 17%, 18% organically quarter-over-quarter in July and you're implying guidance of 4% or 5% in the October quarter. Can you just talk through what drove the big upside and then why the slowdown, a little bit, from a sequential perspective? Is it inventory? What, did you fill a channel? Whatever the case may be.
Hock E. Tan: Now most of our -- excluding CyOptics, most of our wired infrastructure business, do not go through distribution, right away. Most of it goes right direct to our large OEM customers. The likes of Cisco, among others, in Juniper and there is others. And, well, I mean we saw pretty decent growth in Q3, in fact, very good growth in Q3, especially on the ASIC side. We probably expect to see a bit of a pause, as is typical, and we're going by that. Having said that, on the fiber side, we're continuing to see a lot of strength, especially now with the return of core routing this particular Q4 quarter. So, yes, when we weigh these 2 things together, which is basically a relative slowdown after very robust Q3 for ASIC but continuing strength in our fiber. And that hasn't slowed down, in our view, from Q3. We probably do not expect the 18% sequential growth in Q3 to be able to sustain in Q4. But it's nothing to do with any fundamental trends in the end market. The fundamental trend is data center spending. This continues to sustain and be strong and the conversion in this data center spending, the build out, rollout of data centers, not just in America, in China as well, is driving a lot of demand for 40G optical transceivers, as well as the switches and routing, the switches, especially data centers switches that go through a bid that will drive our ASIC business. So that's still there, that's the strength from Q3 to Q4 unchanged. And what is now thrown into the Q4 mix is core routing. But offsetting that is we do not expect our ASIC demand, our shipment, to be as strong in Q4 as it has been in Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Hock, can you talk about traction in FBAR for the Chinese handset market, what you're seeing there from some of the larger suppliers in China and then also what the implications are for ASPs and margins in that market?
Hock E. Tan: Well, as I've always mentioned in prior conference calls, FBAR is used -- has been used -- continues to be used only because customers have really no choice but to use it and it's because of certain bands, SAW filter doesn't work as well and FBARs are used. And when you focus on China, the same thing does apply in the sense that TD-LTE does require FBAR as due because of the interaction coexistence, so to speak, with Wi-Fi. And so we are seeing demand for those FBAR filters in China very nicely, ramping up very nicely. And in some of those -- and in -- while it's -- basically, we -- we do see competition now. We expect to see competition. But that's not unexpected. And for us, our demand continues to be very solid in China as TD-LTE handsets starts to roll out more and more.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And do you see at some point any more diversification within the handset business from the 2 big suppliers today? Or how would you frame that looking out 12 to 18 months in terms of how the mix may evolve?
Hock E. Tan: You're talking about handset makers?
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Your exposure to the 2 big guys, just...
Hock E. Tan: Oh, diversification, I don't know the answer to that. I'm really unable to comment on that because it very much depends on how those guys perform with their products out in the marketplace. And boy, if I do know that, I'll be doing another occupation eventually [indiscernible], but no, it's very hard. And so I do not know if it can be diversified. Right now, it's fairly diversified, I might add. The 2 largest handset OEMs, I might add, is -- represents what we sell to them, represents less than the rest of our handset revenues, our wireless revenues.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. Maybe just a quick one for Tony on CyOptics. You mentioned OpEx a little lighter in the quarter. Can you just talk about, as you go forward, the operating leverage there? And then also, as you switch to components, do you still feel good about bringing their gross margins up?
Anthony Maslowski: Yes, so to go backwards on your questions, the gross margin plan is still intact. I think we started off of maybe a little better base than what we anticipated when we first purchased CyOptics. So we think that the vision we gave of leaving Q4 of 2014 with the 4 as the first digit is gross margin is very doable and we have line of sight to that. So I think that's going fairly well. I think on the operating expense side, it was -- we were thinking that it'd be 3 to 4. It ended up being slightly below 3 for CyOptics. And we don't see any specific operating expense growth there. So, again, R&D is they spend less than we do as a corporate average. In SG&A, they spend less than we do on a corporate average. So they leverage to our bottom line short of taxes, okay?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Hock, on the competitive landscape, again. Recently, TriQuint, as you saw, reported good results, gave very strong guidance. I'm wondering, are you seeing customers becoming more comfortable with that TriQuint solution? Or is it just that they are also reporting good results, you are also giving good outlook, that it's just a sign of the overall Bo [ph] and FBAR market being very strong? In general, what is the view around the competitive landscape as we look out over the next year?
Hock E. Tan: Well, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we see that competitive landscape in FBAR filters and filters, in general, particularly, be evolving very much as we expect it to. I mean, we will never expect they will be the only player in this market. I will always -- we want to be the best and most successful player in this market. And we have been to date and we expect to continue to do so. And to answer your specific first question on -- related to TriQuint, I mean, TriQuint is a competitor, a good competitor, I might add. And what I'm trying to get at is as far as what they guided, I can't comment on. But certainly, what we guided, we do not really see ourselves losing any market position, as I mentioned in my opening result. If anything else, we continue to strengthen our markets when we continue to see evaluated sockets that we are able to position ourselves very well in. And I should add, and we continue to hold our profitability in this business very, very well.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right. And as my follow-up, Hock, as I look back, in the first half, you had expressed confidence that all 3 cylinders of your business, right, wireless, wired and industrial, are growing. I'm curious, what is the confidence as you look out the next couple of quarters? Do you still see sort of broader base growth among your businesses? Or still, do you think wireless is going to be the main growth driver?
Hock E. Tan: Well, that's interesting. You're asking for a long-term thing, not just a couple of quarters that passed. Tell me out 1 year or out, and I'll be -- I'll tell you, we expect gradual industrial recovery because industrial, over the past and before this quarter and last -- especially before Q3 last fiscal quarter, industrial as an overall end market demand, has actually declined. And it's a secular decline, in my view. And I think we are seeing a gradual steady recovery of industrial that has happened with recovery of various economies. And with the fact that China needs to spend some money on infrastructure development, no doubt they are not -- maybe not as large as it used to be in 2010. But still, they need to spend, as we pointed out, this quarter for Q3. And they continue to spend this quarter on power distribution, power generation and high-speed transportation. We see -- and we see a recovery gradually of America and even the European economies. So I see industrial over the past -- next 12 months to gradually recover. We see from our end, we will go improve with the tide. As far as wired infrastructure is concerned, we have quite a few fairly exciting products that are very unique, very proprietary, very valuable to several of our OEM -- large OEM customers, which will launch over the next 12 months, which will enable us, we believe, to outperform even the enterprise networking industry. And so we see that as really a strong growth pattern. And within all this, in the context of all this, we see our wireless business, if you look at it year-on-year, grow at about 10% to 20% year-on-year. And we have been doing that around mid-teens for the last 3 years or so, and I don't see that changing. Is within a year, the wireless business does get rather seasonal, as someone put it earlier, I call it more volatile within a year as we move quarter-to-quarter. But when you look year-on-year, our wireless business has been steadily growing at around 15% a year. And the funny part about it is I do expect over the next 12 months or so that, probably, our wired infrastructure business might even outgrow our wireless business.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Let me put in one last one for Tony, if I may. Tony, could you remind us of the CapEx plans for your FBAR fab capacity? And as you begin to ramp some of those CapEx plans down, is there a possibility of increasing shareholder returns through dividends and buybacks?
Anthony Maslowski: Again, in reverse order, we're still committed to the dividend program, and we'll continue to look at that on a quarterly basis. And you've seen our history and what we've done with that. The share buyback program is something we're getting more consistent on. And I think you'll see after a couple of quarters the consistency there. So I don't think those will be necessarily impacted by anything we do on the CapEx side. As for our FBAR expansion plans, we're in kind of the last phase right now of the current expansion plan. And I'd like to remind everyone that everything we've spent pretty much in the wireless area has been for capacity. There has been no huge R&D, CapEx expenditure here to date. It's all been capacity adds. And we're finishing that up at the end of this year. A little bit will trail into next year. And we're actually going through the process of setting the plan for next year, so it's a little too early for me to comment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of JoAnne Feeney with ABR Investment Strategy.
JoAnne Feeney: I just wanted to get a little bit more of the detail of the competition that you might be seeing in your RF world. In particular, what's your view currently of the Asia suppliers of FBAR-type filters and the use of some of your competitors in power amps who don't have their own filter supply? How is that being addressed? And are you seeing increasing competition from some of the Asian suppliers there?
Hock E. Tan: Well, I guess, let me try to address it in a broader context, JoAnne. What you're really asking, if I could put it in a simple -- in a more direct context, is, are we seeing a lot of competition in FBAR filters? I would preface that by saying, we always have competition from SAW filter manufacturers, from SAW filters. SAW filters may not perform as well as FBAR, but in many, many bands, they perform adequately. And given the price differential between FBAR and SAW filters, many phone makers prefer to use SAW filter cost point of view. Having said that, the increasing number of bands, some of them in China and in Europe and even North America, where those bands require the use of FBAR filters or duplexes, I should say, or filters, in order to get -- receive signals in an adequate -- in a satisfactory manner to meet those specs. And in those areas, we have, as I mentioned in my remarks, seen some emerging players showing up and offering those kind of -- similar kind of FBAR filters, perhaps. That's true. Having said that, we are still, by far, larger. We are still also, in terms of technology and design performance, by far, well ahead of all those. But having said that, we are not taking that -- we are not -- we're obviously taking those competitions seriously, and we will continue to do that. And the way we do that and stay ahead of the game is we continue to design filters faster and better even in terms of next-generation filters for the same band, much better than our competition. And really, it's all about staying ahead in the marketplace. We do see some of that. But as I pointed out earlier regarding an earlier question related to the same thing, we're still very far ahead of the curve, and we intend to remain that way. And we certainly intend to differentiate ourselves either on a discrete basis by having very high-performing filters for some of the phones or bands in China that requires those filters in TD-LTE and Wi-Fi or that we couple it with, as you pointed out, power amplifiers, very good performing amplifiers, to create what we call front-end modules or pads, which takes away -- which removes a lot of competition from players who either do not have FBAR filters or do not have power amplifiers [indiscernible], okay? And that's -- there are not many players out there who have both FBAR filters and power amplifiers, and by that, I mean have those capability in a very, very advanced and technologically progressive manner. There are very few out there.
JoAnne Feeney: Great. And then for a follow-up question, with your wireline or wired infrastructure business, clearly serving some growing demand in China, I'm wondering if you could describe for us the way you serve that business. You have 2 main U.S. players, like Cisco and Juniper. I'm wondering at your exposure to other equipment suppliers.
Hock E. Tan: We believe -- JoAnne, to answer your question, as I mentioned earlier, most of our businesses in wireline or wired infrastructure, I should say, we sell both fiber optic transceivers and high-speed SerDes-based ASICs, tend to be direct to those OEM customers. And obviously, there are not that many of them around that does those kind of -- and we focus on enterprise networking, enterprise basically rather than telecoms for transport. And I conclude, as part of enterprise, data centers guides a new breed of players who are coming in and building their own data centers, people like Google, as an example, or Facebook or Amazon, among others. So there's a mix of players there. But having said that, our core customers are the likes of Ciscos, Junipers and a few other OEM names, which we support very closely, we develop products that are, in some cases, unique and proprietary to these people so that they can effectively provide a solution sale to the likes of Google, Amazon and others as well. And so it's a situation both in ASICs and fiber interconnects but particularly the proprietary version of fiber. They have very close engagement with those customers. And we continue to be very, very closely engaged, obviously because we do have technology that those customers value very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Hock, to put a little bit finer point on it, are you seeing demand for TD-LTE filters now? Or are most of your bookings still U.S. and European bands? And if you could maybe give us a feel for how is the revenue wait for the Chinese LTE bands, like 41, 30, 38 versus, say, 13 and 17, which are already out there now. And then I have a couple of follow-ups on the industrial side.
Hock E. Tan: To answer your question on that, on the waiting, don't have answer to you. I don't have that ratio in my mind. But it is increasing very fast. And obviously, to answer your question, yes, we do see demand for TD-LTE bands right now for filters and BAs [ph]. But in terms of ratio, sorry, I can't answer your question on that. I don't have the data.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: And I know a lot of people have asked about the additional competitors, but other than TriQuint, which both has SAW filters and the gas amplifiers, have any of the new competitors combined those 2? Or are you looking at more or less pairings of gasoline houses pairing up with TDK or TAIYO YUDEN to try and roll into a pad? Is that the new competitors you're looking at?
Hock E. Tan: No. I don't think we have really seen any of that landscape, any of those changes in landscape happening yet. I'm speculating to some extent when I say that. But all I merely said was that if the architecture of phones move towards pads or front-end modules with both power amplifiers and filters within a single module, there are not many players out there with the way we've done, with the capability or capacity to handle in large volumes both in the same -- both power amplifiers and filters in the same front-end module. That might be a bit challenging. But that aside, even in filters, FBAR filters, in its own right, okay? As I mentioned, we're in generation #8 or 9 in FBAR filters. And now simple, simple strategy to stay ahead, way ahead of competition, is to keep innovating and developing products that are -- that gets better and better and more and more cost-effective for our customers.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: I apologize, I'm a little confused then. Outside of the pad business, we'll just leave off the table for now. It's basically been you and TriQuint and the high-performance filter, you both expanded capacity. I'm sure you follow your competitors well. There always have been sampled filters from maybe 2 other vendors in Japan on Bo [ph]. But they've never really been competitive, and they never had any capacity to produce them in volume. Has that changed now? Is that what you're saying in terms of a third competitor? Or are you saying the landscape's always evolving and you've got TC SAW and you've got all these other technologies and that's providing competition? But in essence, the competitive environment in high-performance production Bo [ph] is the same as it's always been?
Hock E. Tan: SAW filters is still very prevalent. And we see people always -- or we see other emerging players always offering what we call similar Bo [ph] or FBAR filters. And by the way, TriQuint does it in Bo [ph], not FBAR filters, and fairly different in many ways. And we don't see the landscape changing that dramatically. It's evolving. There are new players and only new players coming in. And by the way, the SAW filter guys, we don't underestimate either, because they get their products out better and better every year as well. And we contend -- as we've been contending their reviews. But in terms of -- from a bigger perspective, overall landscape, has things dramatically changed? No. Answer is no.
Edward F. Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Great. And then you've underestimated demand for a few quarters running now. Are you adjusting your mythology to track it better? Or are you satisfied with your more kind of conservative approach to it?
Hock E. Tan: We always try to be conservative, Ed, because it makes your plan -- makes the results of wrong planning come out better. So we do try to be a bit somewhat conservative.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Ing with Lazard Capital Markets.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: First question, optics from the data center, where are we in this 10 GB to 40 GB transition, I guess, to QSFP? And do you have any color around 100 GB, whether it's [indiscernible] business? And are you seeing Cisco's captive offerings as of yet?
Hock E. Tan: Let's start with 10 to 40. Well, when, right, I think, in the midst of -- for large data centers -- a lot of large data centers, we're in the midst of seeing build-outs of data centers that uses 40 GB, obviously, because there's -- it's 4x the bandwidth for every port. So we are seeing a lot of that happening. And it's interesting, simultaneous to that happening, we are obviously seeing a lot, as we have been seeing for the past 12 months, and continuing acceleration of doing conversion of 1 GB to 10G. Well, that's also happening. But certainly, what we've seen over the last several months is very, very strong surge for 40G. And that -- a lot of that are going to obviously large data centers, large build-out data centers [indiscernible] for social networking or just in some situations, perhaps, a traditional enterprise spending. But we tend to see a lot of it more in those guys doing cloud infrastructure. So that's very, very strongly happening. But within enterprise data centers, 100 GB, we are not seeing it, obviously. That's why 40 GB is happening. 100 GB, 100G in, I guess, equipment, 100G interconnect are just interconnect being for short-reach data centers as opposed to the telecoms, fiber optics, transport. From the enterprise point of view, very little of that, if any, has happened. I think there's more. 100G will be more of a 2015 event rather than right now. Right now, what we're seeing is more 40G.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, helpful. And then in wireless, you mentioned that the high-end has softened a bit. I mean, looking at the design wins pipeline, do you see any downshift to some lower-cost, more mid-tier LTE phones? And how should we think of the content trends given the cut in ASPs? Would RF face some pressure here?
Hock E. Tan: Well, see, it's -- a really funny trend is happening, which might be a bit confusing, is we -- yes, I did comment in my prepared remarks that high-end smartphones have been growing very fast for the last few years, have certainly appeared to have slowed down as apparent from launches by a few large OEMs that have kind of disappointed. So maybe that -- so on the high-end side smartphones, high-end smartphones have slowed down, though I think low-end smartphones conversion from feature phones are still continuing very well. So that's one trend. But in the other side -- the opposite side of the trend is in a lot of smartphones, especially even the high-end smartphones that appeared to have slowed down, the content is accelerating. We are now talking about smartphones that has and going to 10 bands in 1 phone. And over the next 1 to 2 years, 2 years -- within 2 years, going to over 15 bands in 1 phone. And that's probably because of the proliferation of bands, LTE especially coming in, and the requirement for LTE phones, as I many times pointed out, to be backward interoperable with 3G, which has a whole [indiscernible] UMTS, which has multiple bands. And even back to EDGE, 2G or CDMA, which has itself its own set of bands. So when you add it all up, each phone, each smartphone begins to carry a fairly sizable amount of bands. And as you know, each of those bands require their own peculiar unique RF composing nature and components. So content is what drives it. That's what we are seeing now. Of course, I love for my 2 largest OEMs to keep growing share and grow bigger as other OEMs that has bought. But reality of what we are very good at is, as I said, we're getting more and more content in those same phones.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Doug Freedman with RBC Capital Markets.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Hock, you mentioned you're having some difficulty keeping up with demand. What are your present lead times? And is there any risk that as those lead times come in maybe next quarter, that we could see some related softness around that?
Hock E. Tan: I can't determine what's going to happen in the next quarter of ours. But what I have in this quarter is I'm ramping as aggressively as we could. And it's very fortunate that we have put in place our expanded capacity, as Tony alluded to, in our FBAR wafer fabs and related back-end lines that we are able to try draw that. But lead times for us is [indiscernible] -- we're trying to do it as fast as we can. Customers are not really asking -- these large OEM customers don't look for lead time, they look for supportability as fast as possible. And our capacity, our enlarged capacity, actually, is enabling us to address that.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then as my last question, my follow-up, really looking at the 40 GB market, we've heard from some peers talk about that market being a little weaker than they had expected. You guys clearly aren't seeing that. I'm having a little trouble reconciling that. But they also mentioned that they were seeing a little bit more price pressure in the 40 GB market. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing on the ASP front in that market?
Hock E. Tan: Well, let me be very precise here. When we stepped -- we sell -- when we referred to 40 GB, in particular, it's wired enterprise networking for us, which include data centers. There are 2 subsystems or components we sell in this market. There's the ASICs we support, selected OEM customers' ways. And many of these ASICs, especially, go into this new generation of switching switches and routers that are -- that -- which -- that supports 40G data transport -- data transfers, I should say. So that one, we are one step removed, but that's obviously what you're referring to as much because we don't sell boxes, we sell ASICs. And they are pretty much extended prices predetermined years ago. And then the other part of business we sell is fiber optics transceivers or interconnects, you want to call it that, that populate and allow data to be transferred from 1 switch -- from a switch to the server -- to another switch or router. And those -- where we sell those are in the enterprise short-reach data centers, as well as enterprise networking. And here, I'll be direct, we see very little competition, much less price degradation. Okay, maybe you're referring to 40 GB long-reach transport for metro networks and those stuff. And that, by the way, we now have visibility through our acquisition of CyOptics, whereas CyOptics sales do sell and continue -- has been selling the lasers and chip components to support module makers who make those products to sell into that space. And that's possible because 40G single mode for data transport, metro networks have been around now for a couple of years, at least, if not longer and for quite a while now. And those probably have seen some price competition, especially on the module side, but not on the enterprise networking side of the whole thing, where you're talking more short reach in data transfers.
Thomas Krause: Thank you, operator. Before we close, I would like to remind everyone that Avago will be presenting and meeting with investors at the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference in Las Vegas on September 11, 2013. I want to thank everybody for participating in today's call. We look forward to talking with you again when we report our fourth quarter results and fiscal year-end 2013 results in December.
Operator: That concludes Avago's conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Zegarelli - Senior Director, Investor Relations Scott McGregor - President and Chief Executive Officer Eric Brandt - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Vivek Arya  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Harlan Sur  JPMorgan Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Srini Pajjuri  CLSA Timothy Arcuri  Cowen & Company Stacy Rasgon  Sanford C. Bernstein Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Nicolaus Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities Doug Freedman  RBC Capital Markets Craig Ellis  B. Riley Steven Chen  UBS Michael McConnell  Pacific Crest Securities David Wong - Wells Fargo Christopher Rolland - FBR Anil Doradla - William Blair
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Broadcom's Q2 2013 Earnings Call. My name is Melissa and I will be your operator for today's call. (Operator instructions) Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Chris Zegarelli, you may begin.
Chris Zegarelli: Thank you, Melissa, and good afternoon everyone. Today's call will include prepared remarks by Scott McGregor, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Eric Brandt, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This call will include forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Broadcom's results to differ materially and adversely from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the earnings release, which was furnished with the SEC today and is available on our website and in our 2012 10-K. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Additionally, throughout this call we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Today's earnings release and the related current report on Form 8-K describe the differences between our non-GAAP and GAAP reporting and present a reconciliation between the two for the periods reported in the release. Please also see the Investors section of our website at www.broadcom.com/investors for a slide deck that includes additional information disclosed in accordance with SEC Regulation G. Now it is my pleasure to introduce Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer, Scott McGregor.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. In the June quarter Broadcom delivered revenue of $2.09 billion, up roughly 6% year-over-year and consistent with the guided range provided in April. Product gross margin came in ahead of guidance due to strong sequential growth in our infrastructure business. Operating expenses came in at the low end of the guided range. This combination of in line revenues and solid financial discipline enabled us to deliver non-GAAP EPS of $0.70 which is $0.02 better than first call consensus. Broadcom continues to deliver innovative products across our addressable markets, home, hand and infrastructure. We are delivering next generation gateways and set top box solutions to reduce time to market and enable seamless broadband access and video distribution. Also delivering high density Ethernet switch, carrier grade platforms and multi-core processors in the service provider and data center networks. We are also seeing strength in new connectivity technologies including 5G Wi-Fi and NFC, and we are investing in emerging growth opportunities including the Internet of Things and wearables. I would now like to turn the call over to Eric for details on second quarter results and third quarter guidance.
Eric Brandt: Thanks, Scott. As Chris mentioned, please refer to the data breakout in the investors section of our website for additional information that will supplement my financial commentary. Moving to the financial overview. To summarize, total revenue of $2.09 billion including product revenue of $2.04 billion. Q2 total net revenue was up 4.2% sequentially and 6% year-over-year. Q2 non-GAAP product gross margin went down 20 basis points from Q1 to 51.8%. Q2 GAAP product gross margin was 49.4%. Non-GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were $3 million sequential while GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were down $1 million. Q2 non-GAAP EPS was $0.70 or $0.02 above first call consensus of $0.68 per share. Q2 GAAP loss per share was $0.43 which included $0.93 of acquisition related amortization and charges outlines in our earnings release. Cash flow from operations for Q2 was $334 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance at the end of the quarter was $4.2 billion. Moving to revenue and gross margin. In April we said we expect that Q2 total net revenue to be roughly $2.1 billion plus or minus 4%. We delivered revenue slightly below the midpoint of that range of $2.09 billion. Our broadband communications segment increased roughly 6% sequentially from Q1 to $568 million driven by growth in sales of both set top box platforms and broadband modem solutions. Revenue from our infrastructure and networking segment came in meaningfully ahead of expectations and increased 19% sequentially to $512 million, primarily driven by strength in Ethernet switches and PHYs. Our mobile and wireless segment decreased 3% sequentially to $967 million. Strength in NFC and 5G Wi-Fi were offset by softness in baseband. Our Q2 non-GAAP product gross margin came in ahead of expectations and was down 20 basis points from Q1 to 51.8%. Gross margin benefitted from stronger than expected mix in our infrastructure networking business which was mostly offset by increases in non-standard cost, including obsolete inventory. Our Q2 GAAP product gross margin was flat at 49.4%. Moving to operating expenses, total non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses for Q2 were up $3 million from Q1 levels, which is at the low end of our guided range provided in April of flat to up approximately $25 million. Favorability was across multiple line items. On a GAAP basis, R&D and SG&A expenses were down $1 million from Q1 levels. Moving to the impairment of purchase intangibles. During the quarter, we recorded an impairment charge of $501 million, or $0.87 per share, primarily related to our NetLogic acquisition. The impairment was principally driven by reductions in our long term forecasted revenue from acquired product lines in the service provider market. These reductions are an extension of the slower than expected growth weve seen in sales of NetLogic products into the service provider market over the last two quarters. For further discussion please see our 10-Q that we anticipate filing later today. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and marketable securities ended Q2 at $4.2 billion. This reflects cash flow from operations of $334 million, our dividend payment of $64 million and stock repurchases of $110 million in the quarter. Our accounts receivable day sales outstanding were 33 days in Q2. In addition, net inventory turns were 6.8 in Q2. Moving to expectations, we currently expect net revenue in Q3 to be $2.05 billion to $2.20 billion which equates to roughly flat to up 7%, excluding discontinued Qualcomm royalties. From a segment perspective, we expect broadband revenue to be roughly flat sequentially, infrastructure and the mobile and wireless revenues to be up slightly in the quarter. We expect Q3 GAAP and non-GAAP product gross margins to be up roughly half a point, driven principally by the non-recurrence of non-standard charges reported in Q2. In addition, we expect non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses in Q3 to be flat to up $20 million due to some delayed hiring from Q2 and increased legal costs. We anticipate GAAP expenses coming down roughly $5 million to up $15 million. With the completion of the Qualcomm royalties, starting in Q4 we will no longer differentiate between product revenue and gross margin and total company revenue and gross margin. When we provide guidance for Q4, we will do so on a product plus recurring licensing revenue basis for both revenue and gross margins. Now Id like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor: Thanks, Eric. Starting with the home platform, our Broadband Communications revenue came in at $568 million, up roughly 6% sequentially and 5% year over year. We saw broad sequential broad in both set top box and broadband modems. Operating margins were also very strong in this business, coming in above 24% in the quarter. We continue to see strength in our set top boxes in emerging markets, driven by both subscriber growth and share gains with local key operators. Satellite subscribers are estimated to grow 7% per year to over $300 million by 2017, mostly driven by emerging markets. Our share gains can be seen in Dish TV India selecting our SSP for upcoming satellite set top box deployments as well as Tata Sky selecting our MPEG-4 standard definition set top box solutions. In developed markets, we see strength in the adoption of advanced features and technologies. We note strong operator interest in HEVC which is the next generation video compression standard that roughly doubles the capacity of existing networks to deliver an expanding array of content to consumers. Broadcom is leading the industry to HEVC and we believe this transition starts a multiyear upgrade cycle that will contribute to growth in our set top box business. Our mix of MoCA 2.0 enabled boxes also more than doubled sequentially in the June quarter as more of our customers migrate to our latest generation set top box platforms. We also see design win momentum in our broadband access business. PON design activity has been strong and set the stage for share gains going forward. PON is the fastest growing segment in the broadband access market with subscriber growth expected upwards of 20% through 2016. We also see solid design momentum in LTE and next generation 3G small cells and femtocell. This quarter, French telecom operator, Free, began providing Broadcom based 3G femtocells to users of its Freebox Revolution home gateway. Looking into Q3, we expect our broadband business to be roughly flat sequentially. Moving to infrastructure, our infrastructure and networking business performed meaningfully better than our expectations in the quarter. Revenue came in at $512 million, up roughly 19% sequentially and 7% year-over-year. This strong growth drove operating margins up sequentially by almost 700 basis points for this business. The upside that we saw in the quarter was driven in part from the expanded footprint we have built in the data center and service provider markets. In the data center we saw strength in top-of-rack switch and aggregation solutions driven by large cloud build outs. In the service provider market, we saw strength from customers participating in multiple global tenders. During the quarter, as Eric mentioned, we recorded impairment charges related to the acquisition of NetLogic and naturally this is disappointing. But we do not believe that this changes the fundamental strategic value of the net logic processor assets to Broadcom. We introduced new processors for data plane and control plane applications and recently sampled the industry's highest performance multi-core communications processor, the XLP900 series. This is a 20-core, quad-threaded processor which provides 80 threads, delivers 160 Gbps of application performance. It is scalable up to 1.28 Tbps. This level of performance is unmatched in the industry. As we look into Q3, we expect our infrastructure and networking business to be slightly up sequentially, driven in part by the production ramp of Trident II for the datacenter market. Moving to our hand platform. Our mobile and wireless business came in at $967 million, down about 3% sequentially but up about 7% year-over-year. We saw strength in our connectivity business in the quarter but relative softness in cellular SOC. We continue to see good growth in our latest connectivity innovations. NFC more than doubled and 5G Wi-Fi grew more than 50% sequentially in Q2. We also sequential growth in discrete connectivity driven by technology leadership and new standards like 5G Wi-Fi and Bluetooth Low Energy. Broadcom's strength in connectivity is driven by technology leadership. We continue to accelerate the cadence of connectivity features and driven 5G Wi-Fi. We see leadership in 5G Wi-Fi across 1X1, 2X2 and 3X3 MIMO configuration, leveraging our beam forming algorithm as well as Miracast and indoor and outdoor location awareness. We continue to drive down power consumption across our connectivity portfolio. Looking forward, we are working to embed these technologies into the emerging growth areas of wearables and the Internet of Things. In our cellular SOC business, we continue to expand our customer base as well as the number of models which were designed. We sampled our new quad-core cellular SOC optimized for Android Jelly Bean. We now have single core, dual core, and quad core devices that we will ship into smartphones in developing markets. We are excited about the progress we are making on LTE. We continue to move forward on both customer engagements and carrier certification. Looking into Q3, we see mobile and wireless revenues slightly up sequentially. In summary, we delivered in line, stronger than expected gross margin and lower than expected operating expenses. This tight operational management enabled us to deliver non-GAAP EPS $0.02 ahead of the consensus in the quarter. Looking forward, we see steady momentum in broadband driven by share gains in emerging markets and new technology adoption in developed markets. In infrastructure, we are encouraged by the strong growth we saw in the data center market and I am particularly excited about our leadership position in 10-gig top-of-rack Ethernet switches. In mobile, we continue to see strength in connectivity and are investing in the technologies that are essential to capitalize on emerging growth trends. In cellular, we look forward to the growth opportunity provided by LTE. This concludes our prepared comments and we are now ready for your questions. Melissa, may we have the first question, please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead with your question.
Vivek Arya  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Scott, first of all, what do you expect your connectivity combo share to be over the next few quarters? As youre seeing, there is a lot of pressure on your stock related to speculation around share losses to Qualcomm and others. So would appreciate it if you could address that.
Scott McGregor: Ive read some of those reports and frankly I disagree with them. We see our connectivity share for example on LTE running about three quarters of all handsets out there. When we look at our share going forward, we see it as stable. When many of those reports that are out there point out models weve lost, but they dont point out all the models weve won. And so we do see share and good shape going forward the rest of this year. Certainly driving that is the increased adoption of 5G Wi-Fi. Weve got excellent strength there. Our NFC products and technology are doing extremely well. In general, our connectivity products are diverse and well adapted for customers. And so were continuing to see strong design win traction there and we believe our share is doing just fine.
Vivek Arya  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And as a follow up maybe for Eric, if you could address the operating margins in the mobile and the infrastructure segments. On the mobile side they were just under 10% and I was wondering if that was just the lower sales volumes, because I would have expected better connectivity and lower cellular to perhaps help on the margin front. And then on the infrastructure side where you saw very strong growth, but the margins around 30% are good, but are somewhat below the mid-30s you had at somewhat lower revenues a year or two ago. So if you could just help us understand puts and takes on the operating margin side. Thank you.
Eric Brandt: Sure. On both of those I would say that the gross margins are relatively stable inside of those businesses. There are some puts and takes moving around. So theyre principally driven by the movements in revenue. So mobile and wireless principally driven by the movement in revenue and some increased costs on their part as they are our focus point for investment. And on the infrastructure side, relatively tight cost management stable gross margins and just the effect of adding the revenue to those numbers.
Operator: Our next question is from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Harlan Sur  JPMorgan: Looking at the June quarter, obviously wireless underperformed your expectations. I think your connectivity business grew but your 3G baseband business seems to have been weaker than anticipated. Was this more demand related? Was it inventory related? Was it share shift? And then given your 3G pipeline single core, duo core, quad core, do you think this business starts to reaccelerate in Q3 and through the second half of this year?
Scott McGregor: Thanks Harlan. In terms of our 3G business, it was soft. We dont have too many customers right now in that business. We have one larger than others. I cant break out specific customers, but I believe its a combination of demand falling a bit and possibly some inventory from Q1. Well need to see how that develops. But there could be a bit of inventory that we built in Q1 and that was the reason for softness in Q2. In terms of going forward, were pretty excited about the quad core we introduced recently. Were on track to ship that in the third quarter and we have multiple customers looking at using that product right now. So thats going fairly well. In terms of overall pick up on demand, well have to wait and see how some of the models ship. But well see how that plays out in the third quarter. But we are in more models than we have been in the last couple of quarters. Of course you have to be in the high volume models for that to really matter. But certainly the number of models is picking up for us going into the second half of the year.
Harlan Sur  JPMorgan: And then on the guidance for your broadband segment, Q3 is typically the seasonally strongest quarter for this segment. Youve got guys like Comcast pushing hard on their new X1 platform and I think in Q4 they start to roll out their next-gen X2 platform. As you mentioned about that access trends seem to be constructive. Emerging market trends seem to be constructive. So any color to help us understand sort of the flattish outlook for Q3?
Scott McGregor: It's a fair question and we look at that as well. We did call it as flattish. We are seeing though that we are taking share. So when we look at some of the peer reports that have been out over the last few days, we see them declining in the same -- in quarter's that you point out would normally be increasing. So I think that the spend is just not out there. I do see us taking share. I think if the spend were moving at a faster rate, you would see us grow at a faster rate. But we are still growing faster than the peer set there.
Eric Brandt: And Harlan, I would just also comment that if you look historically Q2 has tended to be the stronger growth quarter sequentially for broadband versus Q3 and we have (inaudible) pretty good sequential growth in Q2 for broadband.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: If I try and get your guidance for mobile and wireless I get you are kind of up 6% or so year-over-year for the first three quarters and I would have thought with some of the baseband wins that you had that it would be higher now. I mean can you talk about how that growth kind of does split between some of the newer baseband customers versus the existing combo business?
Eric Brandt: The combo business has been strong and so the softness is in our baseband business. Also to some extent in our GPS businesses, some of the PND devices phase out in favor of people using their phones. So in terms of why is this, I think, as I mentioned to Harlan earlier, it could be a little bit of inventory but a demand issue from our customers, but I couldn't speculate based on that exactly the nature of that.
Joe Moore - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then in terms of the reports of a couple of lost sockets. You said you disagree with the (inaudible) there clearly was a couple of sockets that were lost. I mean, is there something different with that competitor, with Qualcomm? Are they more competitive than you've seen them in the past or is this just kind of a second source activity that you had expected to kick in at some point?
Scott McGregor: Well, let me be real clear on this. I mean we see that we are in about three quarters of LTE handsets. We are not in 100%, we are in a about three quarters. And so we are not going to get every single design and I think a lot of customers do want to have some diversity in their supply. So they may choose an inferior part sometimes just to keep some diversity in the supply chain. We are not seeing anything particularly new or unusual. It's a competitive market, don't get me wrong, and we have competitors out there and they fight hard for these parts. But again, a lot of these reports have made a big deal of the ones we don't win but they fail to point out the ones that used to be our competitor that we are winning. And so we are gaining share in some of the customers other than the one that some of those reports have pointed out. So I believe share looks good this year. I don't see any share loss of any proportion here. I think it looks stable and in fact we've got great technologies. And I would encourage folks do a little research on share that we are gaining at other customers that offsets maybe a model or two we loose with the customer they highlighted. So again, we are not going to get 100%, you will always be able to find some models we don't win. But you need to look at the total set and we believe we've got a pretty complete database of every handset model we are aware of in the industry and where we stand in each one of those, and we believe we're good.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on your expectations for Q3 in the wireless business in terms of what you expect from the baseband business. Do you expect any recovery there or is it all going to be driven by growth in combos for Q3?
Scott McGregor: I think the primary growth driver for us in to Q3 is going to be the connectivity business and again strong share and no sign of share loss there. I think that will be the primary driver for growth in that business and we'll have to see how the rest of the quarter comes out. It's a little hard to tell exactly how fast some models will sell and so we have less visibility on some of the baseband stuff. The connectivity stuff looks solid and we're calling that as the primary driver.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: That's helpful. And then as the follow up, just asking another question on the baseband. In the second half of this year relative to the first half of this year, what's your expectation about how many customer smartphones launch with your baseband silicon in it? Kind of on a relative basis more in the second half or was it more in the first half?
Scott McGregor: We'll certainly have more customer diversity in the second half. We've been doing a good job I think in our Chinese business. Our reference design there and our turnkey designs have gotten good traction and so we're picking up a lot of customers. A lot of those tend to be smaller customers though, not as large as certainly our largest one. But we probably tripled the number of customers we have in China. And I believe you're going to see us pick-up some share at some of the other top 10 vendors as we go forward here and as we roll out things like a competitive quad core coming out. So I think our customer diversity will improve. I think we'll be in more models. And then its just a question of how many of each of those models sell and that really drives the overall volume.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Glen Yeung with Citigroup. Please go ahead. Glen, your line is now open. If you are muted, please unmute. Well go ahead to the next question. Next question is Srini Pajjuri with CLSA. Please go ahead with your question.
Srini Pajjuri  CLSA: Scott, if I look at your outlook for third quarter for wireless, you said its going to be up slightly. But for the last three years youve had double digit sequential growth. Im just wondering where the disconnect is this year.
Scott McGregor: In fact, if you look at last year, we had really substantial growth in the third quarter. We certainly see the industry being a bit softer this year overall and I think that probably coloring in a little bit. But were calling it like we see it and if it turns out to be more than that, great. But were calling it like we see it right now.
Srini Pajjuri  CLSA: And then theres also some concerns given that TI said yesterday that they sold their wireless connectivity business to one of the smartphone customers. So Im just wondering to what extent in a vertical integration by your customers you think is going to impact your growth going forward.
Scott McGregor: Yeah, I saw that as well and I believe a lot of those employees went to other jobs and other things a number of quarters ago. So this isnt particularly new news. It could be that some IT was sold or patents or something like that and that may be the basis for this deal. To the extent that customers have looked at vertical integration plays, weve seen this happen over and over again and generally it doesnt work out very well. We saw this happen with another of our large customers buying one of our sales competitors of their business and they still after multiple years have yet to ship a product from it. I think if you look at the TI business that they sold, it was in pretty bad shape and they even got kicked out of their last partner there towards the end. The business was basically non-competitive. So my guess is if you were able to pick up a groove and reassemble it and get it going again, youre years away from having a product that would be competitive with ours. So I dont see that as a factor certainly for the next few years, if at all.
Operator: Our next question is from Timothy Arcuri with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri  Cowen & Company: Two things. First of all, Scott, can you give us some sense just to follow on that point. Can you give us a sense of how much youre spending on development in the connectivity business to just give us a sense of the sheer might youre putting into that and how a customer -- how much money a customer might have to invest to replicate what you have.
Scott McGregor: Were spending the better part of $1 billion in R&D in that space and so -- on overall wireless space. So I think thats going to be very tough if youve got a handful of engineers to go compete there. But we have we believe the largest R&D team in the industry on that. We have the largest business there and its got a lot of different kinds of connectivity chips. And we see this happen often where somebody will try to create a connectivity chip. And I think that really misses it because what our customers like about Broadcom is that we have a whole family of connectivity chips that all mix and match. You can have a whole variety of SKUs. Theyre all software compatible and its very hard with a connectivity chip because you can only target a small number of the SKUs. I think just in terms of the wireless connectivity business alone, we spend over $400 million in R&D per year. So again thats not going to be an easy business to pick off.
Operator: Our next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon  Sanford C. Bernstein: First I wanted to drill into the baseband downside this quarter. If you could just walk me through this. I think you had said last quarter Samsung was finally running around $100 million quarter run rate. Theyre obviously your biggest customer, the bulk of the business. This quarter your total wireless fell by about $30 million. Connectivity was up which means that your baseband -- 3G baseband must have fallen by more than $30 million. And you're probably guiding, I don't know, $100 million to $200 million below where certainly expectations were. But it would seem that a material amount of that 3G baseband business actually fell off this quarter. I guess can you -- is that math acutely correct? Can you give us some feeling for how much of the baseband business actually vanished this quarter? And do you think it really could have all been just channel and demand or is there something else going on there?
Scott McGregor: I can't give you quite all the details youre looking for, but let me try to help. It was a surprise to us too. We did guide our wireless business to be up in the quarter and instead it was down about 3%. And so that was a bit surprising to us. And again demand in the baseband business was a factor. But I mean it wasn't the only factor there are other significant factors in that number as well including a decline in GPS and some of the other minor product lines within the wireless business outside of connectivity. So I would say some of that was baseband, some of it was these other pieces. So we don't put all of it on the baseband, but baseband was one of the larger pieces but not more than half of that. So hopefully that helps a little bit in terms of the overall picture.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Just want to dig a little bit into the infrastructure and networking side of things, that's up 19% guide and even looking forward. I know you said it was the switch in the PHY side of things. How much of that do you think is company specific, how much of it is market share gains as Trident is starting to ramp, and is there a risk that some of it was actually inventory build?
Eric Brandt: I don't think any of it was inventory build in the ramp going forward. And the reason that we are a little cautious going forward is, we just want to make sure that we don't have an inventory build situation. Trident II is an incredibly popular chip. I think pretty much every single customer has slotted that chip into their product family. So very, very strong ramp there. And as we ramp into that, I think customers are trying to get as many of those devices as they can. And again, we are trying to be a little conservative on our guide there, just because we could see some attempted inventory build and we don't want to have that be a factor. But I think that is a very, very strong driver in datacenter. We are seeing also some service provider build outs. Finally some of these tenders are coming through. I note that one of the U.S. carriers announced that their CapEx is just fine and increasing. And we're seeing now some of the tenders happen in China, which can be substantial. Now those were expected, but they are beginning to happen and I think that's driving it too. So it's not like one or two customers it's broad-based and we're seeing some pickup there. And those are good margin products for us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Patrick Wang with Evercore. Please go ahead with your question.
Patrick Wang - Evercore Partners: Hey, Eric, I was hoping you could talk to the inventory. It looks like inventory is up a little bit last quarter. Can you help us understand what happened and how you feel about inventory going forward?
Eric Brandt: Sure. Actually inventory is up about $90 million, about half of that is a spot purchase that we did. So to the extent that we can use our balance sheet to buy inventory which raises our gross margin, we'll do that. And so if you would have backed that out we would probably be up 45 or 50 basis points, in terms of turns in north of 7 which would be about where we expect it to be. But given that we have this opportunity to improve the gross margins and do a spot purchase, we took advantage of it.
Operator: Our next question is Kevin Cassidy with Stifel. Please go ahead with your question
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel Nicolaus: Going back to the infrastructure, can you talk what your product mix is as far as the speed goes in Ethernet?
Scott McGregor: Let's see, I don't have those handy. Chris, you have those, we can maybe put out there. Hold on one second.
Chris Zegarelli: The larger piece is on the 1 gig size, the 10 gig has been the fastest grower for us.
Scott McGregor: We'll try to get some numbers later in the call and come back to you on that. But we don't have those at our fingertips.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Ruben Roy with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities: Scott, I was wondering if you could give us a little more detail around the commentary on the carrier certification, particularly as it relates to where you are with LTE. And if you can give us anymore of an update on what you're hearing from your customers on those products and when you might start thinking about revenue? Thank you.
Scott McGregor: Carrier certification is going well. We're in, for example, AT&T ADAPT and we expect to conclude that certification by the end of the year. We're looking at other carriers as well and getting good feedback from customers. The product that's in the hands of customers is going well and we're feeling good about that. In terms of revenue, we have said that we see revenue in 2014. But I would say that we probably won't have a material amount of revenue in the first half of 2014. It's more a later 2014 event for us. And so probably don't assume any material revenue in the first half.
Operator: Our next question is Doug Freedman with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Doug Freedman  RBC Capital Markets: Scott, can you just expand a little bit on -- it sounds to me like you're pushing out the expectation there on the LTE ramp up. Is there some change in your expectations for the adoption curve?
Scott McGregor: No. We've said 2014 all along. So thats no change. I think we just wanted to clarify and help you in your models that we don't see a material revenue event in the first half. Operator Thank you our next question is Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis  B. Riley: That's Craig Ellis. Scott, can you just talk about baseband. Do you think with an expanded portfolio now including quad-core -- I know you don't expect it to grow necessarily in the third quarter, but can you get it back to sustainable growth without LTE as you look ahead at the design win pipelines you've got?
Scott McGregor: I think it's going to -- the quad-core is definitely going to help. It makes us have a more competitive portfolio overall and well certainly pick up some wins there and maybe some new customers as well. In terms of really driving significant growth, I don't think its going to do that. I think we need LTE to really drive significant growth going forward and to have strong products ramping there. I think that's what's going to drive the real growth.
Operator: Our next question is from Sumit Dhanda with ISI Group. Please go ahead. Sumit, your line is now open. If you are muted, please unmute. We'll go ahead to the next question. Next question is Steven Chen with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Steven Chen  UBS: Just had one major one on the wireless business. Was wondering if you could provide a little color on the directionality of order trends between your connectivity and [cellular] SoCs just on your forward-looking rolling forecast perspective. Has that momentum bottomed out and is it increasing now or for both the cellular SoC as well as the connectivity side?
Scott McGregor: We only guide one quarter ahead. And so in the current quarter which is our guide, we've said that the wireless business will be up. And we believe that probably the strength will be stronger on the connectivity side than on the baseband side. So that's the color we're able to get today.
Chris Zegarelli: Hi. This is Chris. I wanted to go back to give a little more color on the infrastructure revenue trend, especially by port speed. As we commented, we saw strength across all major segments sequentially into Q2 across service provider datacenter and enterprise as well. And as I was alluding to earlier, we saw growth across both 1 gig and 10 gig sequentially in Q2, 10 gig primarily in datacenter, DIGI primarily on the enterprise side. From a revenue perspective, DIGI is still the largest segment, but the highest percentage growth that we see is more in the 10 gig size. And looking forward we see that continuing especially with the ramp with Trident-2 in the second half.
Eric Brandt: And I just want to come back to just the points that you asked just generally on seasonality. Generally the company's seasonality in a normal year, and again in the normal year is typically a growth year for comps at around 9% or 10%. I think people are projecting somewhere around 2, is down mid-single-digits in Q1, up high singles in Q3 to low double and then down usually mid singles in Q4, low mid singles in Q4. And given that wireless is about half of our business, it tends to follow that pattern, perhaps a little bit more exaggerated. So hard to say with a lower growth year exactly how that's going to play out, but I suspect the hump of the year looks -- normally looks over the last five or 10 years.
Operator: Our next question is Michael McConnell with Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead with your question
Michael McConnell  Pacific Crest Securities: Looking at the ramp this year of 802.11ac, I believe in December you have talk about 50% crossover expected at that point over the next 12 to 14 months. Given some of the less than expected sales at the high-end of the market, for the smartphone market, do you believe that will slow down the penetration of AC in the overall market, if we start to see growth kind of move from the high end to the mainstream. Maybe less AC but more in this year in terms of the overall handset market?
Scott McGregor: I think the trend towards AC is definitely still there. It's becoming more of a mandatory thing to have in certainly a high-end product today. And I think it's moving towards something you want to see in the mid-range going forward. So I think the penetration rates of AC are pretty much intact, plus or minus few months.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is David Wong with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
David Wong - Wells Fargo: For the 4G baseband chips are you working closely with several potential customers or are you focusing on one or two major ones in the first instance?
Scott McGregor: Well we are certainly engaged right now and having discussions with more than two customers right now. We're involved with a number of customers. And we'll have to see how rapidly they can ship and how rapidly they deploy how many models we get. So that's still up in the air a little bit but we are definitely engaged with multiple customers and not just focused on one.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Chris Rolland with FBR. Please go ahead with your question.
Christopher Rolland - FBR: On the switching side of your business, would you guys say that this would actually be sort of an inflection point and sort of white box switching? And do you think we've sort of moved beyond just a handful of hyper scale guys and perhaps moving into carriers, or is it just sort of just sticking with these cloud guys. And then also on Trident II when that hits the market, what do you think that ramp is going to look like? Is there some built up demand there. Thanks?
Scott McGregor: I think there is definitely built up demand on Trident II. We had a number of customers who basically had boxes ready to go, as soon as they can get the chips to put them out there. So, definitely pent up demand on Trident II. And in terms of your other question in terms of the penetration of all these products, yeah, I think you're going to see penetration definitely be on the data center and moving into the other areas. And certainly our intention to expand our product portfolio, not just switches but also network processors to help with that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Anil Doradla with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Anil Doradla - William Blair: You guys talked about the $500 million plus in impairment on NetLogic. Can you give us some color, Scott, around what's going on with that business? You talked about maybe a little bit weakness, was that driven by multi-core processors or was it the TCAMs, KBPs?
Scott McGregor: So it was across the business. And again let me sort of just explain it at a high level and let me let Eric explain sort of how the impairment works and why that got triggered. For us, since we acquired NetLogic, the service provider business in particular has come down significantly over two to four quarters. And the impairment is a fairly mechanical process that does a ten-year calculation of what became a lower base. And so you have this sort of irony that we're showing that the infrastructure segment is picking up significantly at the same time we take this impairment. And you would say, well, how could that happen, what's the logic behind that? So let me turn it over to Eric a little bit to explain sort of how does the impairment work and what mechanically made that happen.
Eric Brandt: So if you look, from the time we did the acquisition to today, as you know the market has come down. And so if we look at 2013 in terms of what we had in the forecast and we actually did purchase intangibles and sort of where we are two quarters into 2013, that came down about 20% to 25%. If you hold relatively stable growth rates from your original set of assumptions because it wouldn't be reasonable to ratchet your growth rates up to hold your original revenue numbers over the next seven years or ten years really is how you do the modeling. Then what you do because of the miracle of compounding is that 20% to 25% begins to look like 30% or 40%, just because of a compounding effect. That then crosses the line that triggers the impairment and goes from an undiscounted cash flow basis to a discounted cash flow basis, and that's what drives the impairment through and it was about $461 million on NetLogic. Having said that, I think we still believe that the growth rates of the business are relatively consistent to what we thought they would be. It's just that the base year of 2013 has turned out to be lower than we thought.
Anil Doradla - William Blair: But as a follow up, Scott, can you talk about the competitive dynamics there? How is NetLogic the core business doing from a share point of view and market share point of view?
Scott McGregor: The NetLogic business is doing fine from a share point of view. It's doing great and all the strategic reasons to do the acquisition are intact. The challenge we have is the market has come down, triggering the impairment. So it is consistent to have strong share and growth in that business and an impairment at the same time for the reasons that Eric said because of the lower base coming down over the last year then cascaded over 10 years forward. So all of the logical reasons why we did that acquisition are intact. This new (inaudible) product, the 20 core, 80 thread processor is incredible. That's a great product. Theyve been working on that for a while and that's a very significant deployment since the group in the market in the KBP which is the largest piece of the NetLogic revenues. Share is holding up well. There is one small competitor coming into that market but really hasn't gotten much traction. And the other competitor in that space is exiting the business. And so share probably goes up there over the next year. So, all that's in pretty good shape from a share point of view. Its just its a lower base and that's were struggling with. And yes that's disappointing, but that's what we have and we think we're doing really well with that going forward.
Operator: Our next question is Romit Shah with Nomura. Please go ahead. Romit your line is now open. If you're on mute, please unmute. We'll go ahead to the next question. Next question is Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Steve (inaudible) dialing in for Ambrish. Just a quick one, on the 5G Wi-Fi you mentioned that revenue is up 50% quarter-over-quarter. Just wondering what is the driver. Is it from the handset side or is it from the router and the switches or the AT?
Scott McGregor: In the wireless space it's definitely from the handset side. That's the largest driver of that business. It's a combination of strong products and higher penetration of all the technologies. And as I've said earlier, weve got really great products in that space and were doing well and we expect to see that share definitely carry forward for us.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would like to hand it back to Mr. McGregor for closing remarks.
Scott McGregor: Id like to thank everyone for joining us today. We are excited about the multiple growth opportunities that lie ahead, many that we've mentioned. Our team is very focused on delivering our LTE advance modem. We talked about that a bit is an important growth driver for smartphones and for tablets in 2014. We believe we're developing a number of disruptive connectivity solutions that are going to power the nascent market for wearables and the internet of things. That's a big market yet to come. We're just starting the production ramp of our Trident-2 platform for top of rack switch, very much in demand product right now. And we continue to see good growth in the data center market. In broadband, were setting the stage for the industry transition to HEVC next year and ultra HD in the years that follow. We think all of these are great trends that will drive growth for us here at Broadcom. Thank you very much again for joining us and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Broadcom Q2 2013 earnings call. Thank you all for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-02-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Krause - Vice President of Corporate Development Hock E. Tan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Douglas R. Bettinger - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Steven Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Siddharth Sinha
Operator: Welcome to the Avago Technologies Limited First Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Tom Krause, Vice President of Corporate Development. Please go ahead.
Thomas Krause: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Doug Bettinger, Chief Financial Officer of Avago Technologies. After the market closed today, Avago distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Avago's website at avagotech.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for 1 week. It will also be archived in the Investors section of our website at avagotech.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Doug will be providing details of our first quarter results, background to our Q2 2013 outlook and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Avago reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock E. Tan: Thank you, Tom. Good afternoon, everyone. We're going to start today by reviewing recent end-market business highlights, and then Doug will provide summary of the first quarter fiscal 2013 financial results. Now revenues for our Q1 fiscal year '13 was $576 million, which was slightly above the midpoint of our guidance. This represented though a decrease of 7% from last quarter, but an increase of 2% from the same quarter a year ago. Excluding legacy consumer, revenue actually declined 5% sequentially but was up 8% year-over-year. Wireless revenue only declined marginally in what would usually be a seasonally weak quarter for us as a result of multiple smartphone ramps with several OEM customers. As we also guided, wired revenue was down due primarily to continuing weakness in carrier routing from service providers. Industrial was also down, below our estimate at the beginning of the quarter, mainly because of weaker distribution resales [ph], coupled with ongoing channel inventory reductions on our site. Let me provide more color on each of our target markets. Starting with wireless. Revenue from wireless during the quarter was essentially in line with our expectations, declining 2% sequentially during Q1, but I do want to highlight that wireless revenue grew 22% year-on-year. Wireless represented 53% of our total revenues in Q1. Normally, our fiscal Q1 is a seasonally weak quarter for wireless. However, several factors contributed to our ability to sustain the healthy revenue level we achieved in fiscal Q4 and continue into this quarter. For one, we had a strong follow on demand from our 2 largest smartphone OEMs, one in North America, the other in Korea. Secondly, several of our other OEM customers launched 4G/LTE smartphone programs in the quarter. In fact, we noticed, for the first time in several quarters, strength from OEMs outside the top 2 from Taiwan, Korea, as well as North America. These results offset somewhat by weakness in China smartphone market due to customer supply constraints of certain components and in addition, we chose to walk away from certain low margin Chinese business. Looking ahead to Q2. As expected, but a quarter earlier than when it occurred last year, we have seen the annual product transition at our largest North American smartphone OEM, which will act as a headwind in the quarter. However, this has been meaningfully offset by continued ramp at our large OEM customer in Korea. In addition, we see compelling demand in the quarter from the 2 OEMs who are both ramping new 4G/LTE smartphone platforms. As a result, for Q2, we expect overall wireless revenue to decline in the high single digits on a percentage basis. While the revenue headwind from our largest OEM may cloud the picture somewhat, I would highlight that the 4G/LTE smartphone launches in Q1 and Q2 that I mentioned and that increasing FBAR content, which is helping support a more favorable wireless product mix. Next, moving onto wired infrastructure target markets. Revenue came in with a 10% sequential decline. Much of enterprise networking during the quarter was flat but after double dip -- double-digit, sorry, growth in Q4, our SerDes ASIC business paused temporarily during Q1, as our major networking OEM began to transition from 10G switching platforms in data centers in preparation, in anticipation of launching next generation 40G systems. Also as we expected during the quarter, fiberoptics [ph] continued to be weak tied to soft carrier routing spending, which impacted all 3 major OEMs that we serve. Looking forward to Q2 though, we believe enterprise network and storage spending has bottomed. We also expect to see carrier routing continuing to be soft and do not see a recovery until the back half of the fiscal year. However, we expect a strong ramp in the next generation 40-gigabit data center switching, as our largest networking OEM rolls out their platform Nexus 6000. Here we have substantial ASIC content, as well as next generation proprietary fiberoptic interconnects. As a result, we expect wired revenues to grow high single-digit sequentially. Let me now discuss our industrial and other target markets. Just to remind you, starting from this quarter, we are now grouping our consumer royalty based revenues [indiscernible] into the industrial market. However, stripping that out and on a comparable basis to Q4 2012, industrial declined 8% sequentially, below our expectations at the beginning of the quarter, even though year-on-year we grew 6%. As most of you know, we recognize revenue on sell in and industrial sales are significantly weighted towards distribution. The weaker-than-expected sales were caused primarily by a sequential decline in the distribution resales -- slight sequential decline, I might add, as well as ongoing inventory contraction in the supply chain. Regionally, we saw China continue to recover and grow at low double digits, but we saw Japan and Europe decline significantly while the U.S. remained virtually flat. Looking forward to Q2, while we believe channel inventory is now rather lean, we do not currently see a sustainable uptick in end demand. In fact, based on a review of our major OEM end customers in industrial, they forecast their revenues to decline an average low-single digits. Now, I know several of our analog peers, component peers out there are forecasting an uptick in the business next quarter. I might note that this time, last year, we saw a similar phenomenon, which we interpreted as an uptick in distribution -- or where we interpreted an uptick in distribution orders as a recovery in end demand and ship products in anticipation. The expected recovery did not materialize and we saw destocking in the supply chain for the rest of the year. I'm focused on not letting that happen again. Given our review of end-market demand, we just don't think any inventory replenishment going on today is sustainable. Therefore, we anticipate revenue in industrial and others will decline slightly, low-single digits, when compared to Q1, consistent with what we believe end market demand dictates. Therefore, in summary in Q2, we expect a major product transition in wireless. Industrial continues to be challenging and pretty much flat, wired infrastructure provides an opportunity for revenue growth, though it's not expected to be enough to offset the other 2 target market declines -- weaknesses, I should say. Hence, we are guiding overall revenue to decline between 2% to 5% in Q2 from Q1. Switching gears for a minute. As you probably saw earlier today, we issued a press release this afternoon announcing our CFO, Doug Bettinger's departure in early March. I do want to take this opportunity to thank Doug for the many contributions he has made to Avago over the last several years, including helping to transition us from a private to a public company. He has been a key part of delivering our financial performance and establishing our relations -- relationships, I'm sorry, with you, the investment community. We are starting a formal search for Doug's replacement. In the meantime, Anthony Maslowski, VP and Corporate Controller, will serve as interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Maslowski has been with Avago since 2006. With that, let me now turn the call over to Doug for more detailed review of our first quarter 2013 financials.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Okay. Thanks, Hock. Good afternoon, everyone. Before reviewing the first quarter of fiscal 2013 financial results, I want to remind you today that my comments will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results. Reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release that we issued today and it's also available on our website at avagotech.com. Revenues of $576 million in Q1 represents a decrease of 7% from last quarter and an increase of 2% versus the same quarter a year ago. The sequential decrease was roughly in line with our guidance for the quarter. And as Hock mentioned, revenue from our wired infrastructure target market came in a little bit better than we thought, so that was offset by weaker-than-expected revenue from our industrial target market. And finally, revenue from our wireless target market declined slightly, which was about in line with our expectations. For the last 3 quarters, we've disclosed that Foxcon was a greater than 10% customer and they continued to be one again this quarter. After growing for 3 consecutive quarters, distribution resales paused and declined modestly in Q1, reflecting weaker end-market demand. Distribution inventory continued to contract as we expected at the beginning of the quarter. And as you know, of all of our end markets, the industrial target market is impacted the most significantly by distribution. We obviously saw our industrial market revenues decline to a larger extent from these 2 occurrences. Looking into Q2, we expect resales will be roughly flat and distribution and inventory will likely decline again. Our Q1 gross margin was 50.7%, which was slightly above the midpoint of our guidance. This was driven by a slightly stronger revenue in the wired infrastructure target market. Q1 gross margin declined 40 basis points from last quarter, primarily as a result of end market mix. Turning to operating expenses. R&D expenses in Q1 increased by $11 million to $86 million and SG&A increased by $2 million to $44 million, pushing our OpEx to $130 million or up $13 million sequentially. And you remember from last earnings call, the increase was primarily due to higher variable compensation accruals compared with Q4 and secondarily, to our increased R&D investment. These expenses were in line with our guidance for the quarter. As a percentage of sales, R&D increased to 15% and SG&A increased 1% to 8% of net revenue. Income from operations for the quarter decreased by $37 million sequentially to $162 million, and this represented 28% of net revenue. Compared to the $163 million for Q1 of last year, income from operations decreased by $1 million. We recorded a net gain of $2 million in interest and other. Taxes came in at $1 million for Q1. This was lower than we expected, and it was primarily due to the retroactive reinstatement of R&D tax credits in the United States. Q1 net income of $163 million decreased 16% from the prior quarter and Q1 earnings per diluted share of $0.65 was $0.12 lower than Q4. Compared to Q1 of last year, net income was $7 million higher and for earnings per diluted share, it was $0.03 higher. Earnings are higher versus the prior year primarily due to higher revenues, as well as the lower taxes, which was offset by the higher spending that I described. The sequential decrease in Q1 earnings was primarily attributed to lower revenue and higher operating expenses. Our share-based compensation in Q1 was $18 million. The breakdown of this expense for Q1 includes $2 million in cost of goods sold, $7 million in R&D and $9 million in SG&A. In Q2, we anticipate share-based compensation will again be approximately $18 million. And just to remind you as I always do, the company's definition of non-GAAP net income excludes share-based compensation expense. So now moving to the balance sheet. Our days sales outstanding came in at 46 days. This was down 5 days from the prior quarter. Our inventory ended at $208 million, which was an increase of $14 million from last quarter. And this translated into days on hand of 72 days. Q1 inventory increased primarily because of a last time buy from one of our component suppliers, as well as the ramping of our Fort Collins facility. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.15 billion and we generated $185 million in operational cash flow. We spent $67 million on capital expenditures. This CapEx level was below our guidance for the quarter, mainly because of the timing of equipment delivery. For Q2, we expect CapEx will be in a range of $60 million to $70 million. And I'll remind you, the CapEx spending today is primarily due to the ongoing buildout of incremental FBAR filter capacity in Fort Collins. For the quarter, we repurchased approximately 406,000 shares, which consumed $13 million of cash. And on December 28, 2012, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.17 per ordinary share, which consumed $42 million of cash. This dividend was raised by $0.01 from the prior quarter. And I just point out that since the inception of our dividend program in Q2 of 2011, we've continued to increase this dividend each quarter. And as I mentioned last quarter, we also continue to evaluate potential strategic investments and acquisitions as another way of deploying cash to maximize return to our shareholders. Now let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the second quarter of fiscal 2013. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions and we do not intend to update this guidance. Revenue was expected to decline by 2% to 5% from Q1. We expect lower wireless sales to one of our large customers will be partially offset by a return to sequential growth in wired infrastructure. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 50.75%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated to again be approximately $130 million. I'm forecasting interest in other to be a gain of $1 million. Taxes are forecasted to be approximately $6 million. And finally, the diluted share count forecast is for 254 million shares. And just to remind you, starting with this quarter, we stopped reporting the consumer and computer peripherals target market as a standalone market. We've combined the remaining revenues from that market, given the small size of the remaining IP royalty revenue into the industrial target market. And we're calling this new market, simply, industrial and other. That combined target market declined 14% sequentially in Q1. And as Hock mentioned, had we been reporting only the former industrial target market, the decline would have been less at 8%. And finally, you heard from Hock that I'm moving on to another opportunity. I'd like to pause and take the opportunity to thank the Avago management team, the board and especially my finance and administration team for the support over the last 4.5 years. I'd also like to assure our investors that Avago remains in the hands of very capable finance and management teams. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please go ahead and open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Well, I guess, first of all, Doug, sorry to see you go but congrats on the new gig. Moving beyond that, onto the wireless side of things, Hock, you mentioned that the product transition is happening 1 quarter earlier than it did a year ago. Is it safe to take away from that, that you believe that is just a 1-quarter product transition?
Hock E. Tan: We believe so, yes, from all indications we are seeing. Yes.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then I guess sticking in the wireless side of things. One of your pretty active partners recently on the base end side just announced that they're going to enter into the RF market. Can you walk us through what you think those implications may or may not be for Avago?
Hock E. Tan: Well, I guess the most of this one, Ross, is as we've always said, we're in the wireless business as we are in many of the other end markets we are in. Not as a mass-market supplier of standard commoditized components, but rather of specialized high-performance components, which typically ends up in relatively niche market applications in those areas we target. And no different in wireless. And here, our area of focus has always been, as we indicated, filters and duplexes. The FBAR duplexes that we are proprietary technology over. To the extent we sell power amplifiers, we sell it to facilitate our sale of duplexes. And either as a front-end modules, sell them on discrete basis. But really to push either FBARs as a package deal or, as I mentioned, paths or front-end modules. That announcement by one of this out, a very important partner for Avago on this product called RF 360 is largely a multiband, even multimode power -- largely power amplifier gain. It doesn't have filters, it doesn't have duplexes and we don't believe it would have given the unusual nature of filters and duplexes. So far from our point of view, Avago, it's not something we view obviously as intersecting or conflicting with the model we have. In fact, if anything else, we continue to see an interesting evolution of the wireless market and now particularly in the RF market given that the content in RF, be it power amplifier, switches or more so, duplexes, are exponentially increasing with the complexity of bands that comes on 4G/LTE implementations. So we do not see it having any major -- any significant impact on us. I don't know, and definitely not on our business model.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Schneider from Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Good luck, Doug, on your future endeavors. Just wanted to ask a question on the networking side, if I could. You talked about the increase next quarter being driven by some new products that your OEM customers are ramping. But with respect to the overall level of spending by enterprises or those markets that you serve, can you talk about what your customers are telling you in terms of any extra visibility, either for the next quarter or for the rest of the year, in terms of recovery in that spending level?
Hock E. Tan: Well, what I can tell you, Jim, is, which is the kind of input we get from our customers tends to be 3 months at a time. I don't think they have a very good visibility beyond that now, even if they do tell us, it doesn't necessarily mean that's what they will stick to or have any clear indication what it is. But what we do see for the rest of this quarter in our view is, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, spending in enterprise, be it networking or storage, is flat, very flat by and large. While we are obviously guiding significant and meaningful step up in our shipment -- in our revenues, in wired infrastructure is largely driven, as I mentioned, via a product launch. In a way, a product launch and the decline in 10G and data center switching towards 40G -- the new generation of 40G data center switching. And then increased content -- substantially increased content we have in this new product launch. That's what's driving it. So other than that, no, I think much less you said it. Things are kind of flat at least for the next 3 months. Beyond that, I don't know. We do expect, I might add, that in carrier routing, especially building out back hauls in 4G/LTE networks, be it particularly in China, we do -- and even in the U.S., we do expect an increase in the levels of such spending. We have not seen -- we have seen spending trough, I should say, since over 6, 9 months ago. And -- but we also believe that it's time point to slowly step up. We start to see signs of that in China with China mobile, China telecoms. But I expect that build out to start coming in, in the second half of our fiscal year.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful color. And then as a follow-up, if you looked at the industrial market, Hock, I think you talked about the fact that you don't want to kind of the expectation for the same kind of head fake recovery that we saw last year, which is understandable. But if you kind of -- can you maybe just give us more color on your thinking there, both in terms of the linearity to orders in the industrial and the distribution that you saw throughout the quarter, what you're seeing right now? And then what would give you a little bit more confidence that either restocking or end demand was more sustainable?
Hock E. Tan: Well, it's a tough question to answer. All we do see is, it's -- and there's a lot of some volatility, not a huge amount of volatility, but there's some -- there is definitely a certain amount of volatility in demand, in end demand as on -- as you run through each quarter and from quarter-to-quarter. And we do see that even on the resale side. Even though we recognize revenue on shipping, as I mentioned. But region wise, as I mentioned, we do see, on average, daily uptick in demand in China. However, what we unfortunately see on the other side of the picture is Europe and Japan is somewhat declining in that -- in those areas. And U.S., if there's a recovery, it is very slight. And as -- I won't use of word sustainable, maybe. But what we often see is there's a spike and it goes away. It's almost a specific applications, specific customers, specific programs might create a spike only to end, and something else created. But then so you -- you are seeing some level of volatility. And so when we mention all the things considered, all -- taking it all together, it's not the kind of uptick in demand that we saw after the downturn of 2009 that ran all the way to 2010. You had seen nothing like that at all. And maybe I am being conservative. But after, as you put it, the head fake of 2012, beginning of 2012, we're very careful about looking at this market in terms of claiming sustained bottom or sustained recovery after that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Good luck, Doug, from my side also.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Thank you, Vivek.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So first question, Hock, can you give us a sense, I think you did explain in your prepared remarks, but why is there that difference between the industrial pickup seen by some of your peers versus the trends that you are seeing? And is this something that can be resolved by making more acquisitions, expanding the breadth of your product line? Like how -- when should we start to see your industrial sales get more in line with what your peers are seeing?
Hock E. Tan: That's -- it's almost the same question of how many times I've beaten my wife. I don't know, I can only tell you what we saw and we have a pretty broad industrial product line. It's not that narrow, Vivek. We don't -- we not only do isolation, optical isolation, for inverters, server models [ph] and factory automations. We do motion encoders for all kinds of application, for all motor applications. We do industrial fiber for not only galvanic isolation but also across the board for, basically, factory controls and automation. And we do base LEDs that goes across a full range of industrial signage and indicator lights. I hate to say it, but we have a pretty full range of product that enters into a lot of end markets in industrial. And we know to track them very closely. And what I'll say, is we do not see industrial necessarily as collapsing. We see it as relatively, all things considered, flat. Why our revenue is not flat is because we have continued to destock at our distributors. And so since we recognize revenues from shipping, we see that the decline. But resale is not necessarily collapsing, but it's not recovering either. So the question is, is that strong sustained demand? I don't know. I mean, depends on the line -- if you have bookings out for the next 6 months that are firm, maybe you can make an indication on bookings for the next 3 months. I will tell you this, we have bookings but it doesn't show a positive uptrend on the nature we saw in the recovery in 2010 or that lead to part of 2009, when there was a clear recovery from an industrial downturn.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And as a follow-up, Hock, at your Analyst Day, you gave some very interesting information about FBAR and the expanding TAM for that capability. Outside of your largest customer, can you give us a sense for what kind of FBAR filter attach rate that you're seeing with smartphones today? Are you seeing new customers come in to adopt that capability? Because what I'm trying to get to is you are installing a lot of FBAR capacity, almost quadrupling over the last -- from, say, 2011 onwards. What does that imply in terms of how many FBAR filters we should see in a given smartphone for you to adequately utilize that capacity?
Hock E. Tan: Okay. Well, to answer your question, the simplest way to answer it is, I think, is a simple fact that we've indicated during Analyst Day. And you may recall that, Vivek, which was 3, 5 years ago, we would say that 2 bands. As you know, the spectrum for wireless communication is divided into bands. And there are bands in 2G, there are more bands in UMTS. And they're even more bands in 4G/LTE. And 3, 5 years ago, probably I would say 2, 3 bands would use FBAR on a regular sustained basis. Today, I would say that we probably have sockets that covers around 10 bands roughly, maybe even more. And so you can see the fairly significant or substantial increase -- and, of course, there are more phones being used out there but there are also more bands being used out there. But what's even more interesting as we pointed out, again and again, is there are those -- it's the same amount of space we have out there in terms of ether for carrying those microwaves. But the bands are multiplying very rapidly. Each band requires its own different modulation schemes. And so they are basically starting to interfere with each other, which increases the requirement for a much better filter or duplexer than has been required in the past, where we're running 2G with much less bands. So to put in a nutshell, you can see the increase in the requirements for much better filtering out there. We see that in many OEM customers, especially as they launch 4G handsets. And as they start using bands that start to interfere or squeeze into existing, I guess, spectrum. One clear example of that is WiFi, WiMAX. The WiFi, WiMAX spectrum frequency is squeezed by a couple of frequencies for cellular bands used in China, used in Europe. And what we're seeing is a lot of demand for smartphones that need to operate and roam in China, as well as in Europe. And I'm talking specifically on those bands. So to answer your question more particularly, the reason we are building more and more capacity is simply because we have designs, we have won designs, we have requirements from customers on designs that we are winning requiring us to put in -- to be able to supply more of those FBAR filters out there. And frankly, we're trying to expand as fast as we can to meet the time frame for which those demands are coming in.
Operator: We have Romit Shah back on the line from Nomura.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: The wireless guidance for next quarter looks pretty much in line with other companies that have a similar mix of use, so no surprise there. I had a question though on design wins. Hock, if you look at your largest volume opportunities in North America and Korea, do you have visibility at this point in the design wins that would theoretically go into production this year?
Hock E. Tan: Yes, we do. Great visibility, I might add.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And how -- I guess, we know RF is a very competitive space. We'd love to hear just how you feel overall about the pipeline.
Hock E. Tan: Okay. We feel actually very, very good about that about -- in both situations. We feel very good about our design win pipeline with those 2 large OEM customers.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And can you talk a little bit about pricing? I'm guessing that your content is increasing, but curious just on the like-for-like basis, is the pricing environment relatively benign or are you seeing a little bit more pressure this year?
Hock E. Tan: In handset RF business, in general, as a statement, Romit, you know as well as I do, the pricing environment for RF components, which is a huge market, huge TAM with few buyers, relatively speaking, is an extremely competitive environment. I mean, is extremely competitive. And interesting enough, as I say, within the context of our business model, which is to basically go in and charge price premium, we participate in this market because we have been, and we believe we continue to be able to develop and sell particular components, in this case, filters or filter combined power amplifiers, that provides much higher performance, unique performance characteristics over our competition. And that's how we've -- we compete and we can still compete very effectively. But outside of that, yes, we face a very competitive environment and we have always faced them. Romit, it hasn't really changed dramatically.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. I just want to say, Doug, thanks for all your help over the years and wish you all the best.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Thanks, Romit, I appreciate that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely from JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess if we look after this quarter, after all that transitions, Hock, do you expect your wireless business to be back growing in line with seasonality? And maybe you could also comment on the rest -- or how you expect the rest of your end markets to trend after this quarter?
Hock E. Tan: Well, we generally don't give you guys guidance beyond 1 quarter, largely because we could be wrong. We don't want to give you that kind of impact because of the nature of the business. But broadly, we can look back at events and probably see themselves repeating. And the product transition, 1 interesting question that was asked of me earlier on in this Q&A session, that we see occurring this quarter, Q2, occurred in Q3 last year. And if you look at context of what happened after Q3 last year, you see the launch of the -- and the ramp of the new generation products, which ramped very nicely, very strongly. And we showed -- we presented a very strong set of results for wireless business in Q3 and Q1 and the 2 quarters following their product transition. We do not see any reason why there is not a similar pattern or trend for this year as well, which is after transitioning Q2, we do not see why Q3 and Q4 would not follow the trend of what happened last fiscal year. And that's for wireless. In the case of wired to hover back [ph] and indicate, again, this is not a forecast but I'm just, in a sense, amplifying on the comments I made to earlier questions, which is simply that we see carrier routing to probably start to improve in the back half of the fiscal year. As I mentioned, we started to -- we have started to see some signs of that happening, especially in China back haul LTE spending as it is. We probably start to see some of that in North America as well in the back half if the carriers launch their forecast CapEx plans on -- more bandwidth and more routing. And we see some of the new programs coming in data center spending. We see a lot of interest build outs of large-scale data centers, which, because of its scale, will require launch of new programs, new platforms in data center switching, which we are very well embedded with our ASICs and proprietary fiber. So I like to see that opportunity -- I probably like to see that opportunity happen in the back half or later part of the fiscal '13. In industrial, I've no basis to one way or the other to tell you where things will hit, other than to say that China is continuing to recover, offsetting it seems to be a weakness in a couple other regions. And they both -- they kind of washout. We kind of seen -- or will likely see close at hand and probably no reason to see otherwise a flat industrial as we progress through the rest of the fiscal year. But again, this is just a guess. This is not a forecast.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's perfect and then for my follow-up, just a quick clarification. So when you give -- when you look at your assessment of the overall semiconductor market and you talked about the comparisons to last year and clearly, it's nothing like 2009. Is there anything out there that gives you confidence that it's going to be any different than last year, i.e., a head fake? Are you seeing like anything that makes you a little more encouraged or it's just too early, to cloudy out there to tell.
Hock E. Tan: You're talking specifically industrial, right?
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, no, just the overall semi market.
Douglas R. Bettinger: It's hard to break it apart for us, Chris. I mean, we really do think about in 3 discrete end markets.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Then feel free to comment on industrial then that would be great.
Hock E. Tan: Well, industrial, as I've indicated to you guys, sitting here right now, I mean, we see increased demand, doesn't mean we believe it. We still believe it's a bit of a head fake. We could be wrong. We are playing in the side of conservatism now and basically saying things will be kind of flattish.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Ing from Lazard Capital.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: First, Doug, best wishes on your transition.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Thank you, Ian.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: So for the China market, you talked about some weakness in the smartphones there and some customer supply constraints. So quarter-to-date, is that still the case after Chinese New Year? And where's your exposure in China? Is it flagship, is it low-ends? There was a big TD supplier this morning that's sounded okay, I thought.
Hock E. Tan: Well, our market in China is largely simply twofold. One is we do the high-end smartphones, as you would have guessed. And be they in China and some of it exports but a lot of in China, like [indiscernible] and among others. And then we also do -- because of historical requirements on CDMA for FBAR, we do CDMA, as well as PCS kind of opportunities. Outside of that, which is a lot of UMTS 3G business and obviously, 2G business, we do very little.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And also you talked about some broader success at handset OEMs, not just to your largest places like Taiwan, Korea, North America. Are component lead times now sort of the same in wireless or is there some more stretching out of lead times in front of major ramps? And if so, by how many weeks?
Hock E. Tan: Okay. Well, in this season of -- well, in this time of relative weakness and seasonality, which is this first part of the calendar year, lead times are pretty -- are relatively short. I would say lead times are about 4 to 6 weeks in that range, it may have pulled in slightly from what was pre-Christmas. But it's not -- there's no shortage of parts at this point, let's put it is this way.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: So there's no handset OEMs asking for 8-week lead times in front of major ramps?
Hock E. Tan: There are. There always are. But it's unusual and it's a spike that will go away very fast.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Chin from UBS.
Steven Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First one is since you have FBAR filter products. I guess a new technology that's coming down the pipeline for 4G and also for more advanced HSPA+ advance is carrier aggregation. I was wondering if carrier aggregation as that feature starts to make it into 4G and maybe in 3G handsets, does that represent any incremental demand for your FBAR technology? And secondly, is that also something that's a higher performing soft filters that kind of address that as well?
Hock E. Tan: I'll take that in 2 parts. Carrier aggregation has been talked about a lot and will likely happen. We haven't seen much of that happening yet. And we are obviously very hopeful it will add more requirements in terms of performance required -- demanded of the component, the RF components and we're pretty sure we do need higher performance. Whether this will be translated into higher demand and revenue for FBAR products, we will see. We don't have -- we have not experienced that uptick yet. But that's probably because carrier aggregation is still a dot in the eye of many of us. But it will probably happen. It will happen sooner or later. And we are hopeful that it has -- it will drive -- it will be a good tailwind to demand for high-performance FBAR products. And will soft filters do it? Yes, some of it depending on the bands. Again, it's a very complex answer to answer. Some soft filters will work on part of it. But on an overall basis, the need for high-performance FBAR will increase.
Steven Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And the -- I have a question with regards to the networking ASIC products. I was wondering if you could offer a little historic perspective on what the typical lead times are for your networking ASICs. And also as your networking customers ramp new platforms, what the -- how long the products, which typically ramp [indiscernible] before it reaches a more normalized run rate?
Hock E. Tan: Yes. Let's take the second and final question first. Very, very slow in typical enterprise manner. They'll launch a program and it will take a while for that program to gear up to speed. Some of these programs have launched 6 months ago and we are starting to see real activity now. And that's part of what we're experiencing here and you'll probably see some of that out in the marketplace. It's a long lead time kind of business and usually. It's usually a big ramp followed by -- and that may last for 2 quarters followed by a slight rollover and then it stabilizes and starts -- increasing over time as it replace existing generation system. That's typically the cycle that it follows. No different, I believe, in what we are seeing now. With 40G data center switching platforms that's coming into play, which a lot of this big data center build-out guys are very, very interested in buying. And in terms of the ASIC that goes in those products, as many of our product, like typical enterprise products, our cycle here is 18 weeks, typically, 1-8. Very complex, very, very difficult products to build, not to mention, design. Manufacturing cycle time can run from 15 to 20 weeks. So I'm giving you a midpoint of about 18 weeks. So we get backlog in place in a fairly extended timeframe.
Steven Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Perfect. Thanks for the color, Hock. And I want to wish Doug the best of luck on his next endeavor.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Thanks.
Operator: We have Mr. Mark Lipacis back on the line.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Doug, first of all, thanks a lot for all the help over the last several years and best wishes to you. Two questions. One, what is the growth -- the guidance at the midpoint, what does that assume growth of the core business, excluding the legacy consumer business?
Douglas R. Bettinger: Right now, on a sequential basis, Mark, that business is running pretty flat, call it $4 million, $5 million a quarter, so it's pretty flat. So what you see, the down $2 million to $5 million, is pretty much the core business.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: How about on year-over-year basis?
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes. A year ago, and you can see this in our filings from a year ago. I think Q2, the consumer business was about $30 million and now it's down to $5 million, so you can do the math on that.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And the quadrupling of the FBAR capacity, what does -- is there an implication on the gross margins that we should be thinking about as we look at the model out as you guys execute on that?
Douglas R. Bettinger: FBAR gross margin, Mark, by and large is better gross margin product. So more important than I think you're asking kind of about fab utilization question, but that kind of a tactical quarter-by-quarter. We believe in the future, we will be shipping a greater percentage of FBAR in terms of the total mix of wireless and that's good for margin.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I understand about the fab utilization. But I mean, is the idea here that you're going to build a bunch of capacity and just hope to fill it up. Or do you kind of boot strap it up as you go along and I guess my view is that, the FBAR capacity would be fairly full as you're adding capacity? But, please, correct me if I'm wrong.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes, that's our expectation. When you run fabs, you kind of like to run them around 80% utilization on average, and you never get it perfect. And we'll have quarters where we're running over 100%. And we may be building a little inventory for a ramp in the back half of the year, that's kind of typical. You saw us do that last year, you may see us do it again. But on average, to run fab and manage your resources properly, 80% is kind of where you want to be. And hopefully, that's how we're going to manage Fort Collins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman from RBC Capital Markets.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I'll echo the best of luck, Doug, on your future endeavors.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Thanks, Doug.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: If I could dig in a little bit on FBAR and a comment that was made, Hock, where you said you had passed on some business that was available to you in China because it was unattractive. Is there anything that you guys can do to drive down your cost structure, thus, opening up the market opportunity for you to some of that China content?
Hock E. Tan: Oh, well, we keep doing that. By the way, our FBAR unit cost keeps going down as we progress every year. And as we scale up in capacity, that drives it down even more. But more than that, we go into new processes. Every year, we have a new generation of FBAR process that enables us to shrink the die, to make it much more competitive. And we need to do it simply because, I mean, the demand we are seeing and we are anticipating will -- is fairly significant -- substantial versus the capacity even we are putting in place. And as I'm sure you all know, we don't build the capacity with the hope of demand showing up at the front door. We have a pretty clear line of sight of what we're earmarking this increased capacity for and we're building towards that. So -- and we have plenty of demands for those products that we make on those things. But when -- we talked about lower margins and all that is, as I mentioned many times before and is particularly true in 3G UMTS, we sell FBAR, we also sell power amplifiers that goes hand in hand. Either in the front end modules or sometimes in a bundle. And so the power amplifier does dilute our FBAR margin, no surprise, as you can see there. And where we don't feel that, that dilution is warranted is when we walked away from the business.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. You also mentioned that clearly we're going through a product transition at one of your larger customers. Can you comment on the content or the volume that you expect to see when that business ramps back up? Are you guys going to secure the same content per unit? Or is there an expectation that we might actually see greater units in the next generation?
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes, Doug, we can't comment on that. That stuff is too confidential. We're confident in the back half revenue, I think, is all we're going to say.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: All right. Could I try one last one then with you. On the channel inventories that you are working down, assuming you hold or that industrial stays relatively flat, Hock, as you defined it, will you be comfortable with the inventory level exiting this quarter?
Hock E. Tan: Yes, we will be.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So from thereon we take an expectation of what the market does and hope to see that reflected in your revenues?
Hock E. Tan: We anticipate doing that, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Walkley from Canaccord Genuity.
Siddharth Sinha: This is Sid on for Mike. Just a housekeeping question. Doug, you talked about quadrupling your FBAR capacity and basically doubling it to about some time right now from 2011. Firstly, has that doubling been done? And second, you said that the subsequent doubling will be based on demand. So is it fair to say that obviously you're seeing the demand and there will be that subsequent doubling?
Douglas R. Bettinger: We have no change in plans based on what we previously told you.
Operator: All right. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Q&A portion. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Tom Krause for closing remarks.
Thomas Krause: Thank you, operator. Before we close, I would like to remind everyone that Avago will be presenting and meeting with investors at the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media & Telecom Conference in San Francisco this week on February 28, and we'll be meeting with investors at the UBS Trends in Wireless Conference in New York on March 6. Thank you for participating in today's call. We look forward to talking with you again when we report our second quarter fiscal year '13 financial results in May 2013. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes Avago's conference call. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-11-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Krause - VP Corporate Development Hock Tan - President and CEO Doug Bettinger - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Terence Whalen - Citi Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Blayne Curtis - Barclays Romit Shah - Nomura Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch Stephen Chin - UBS Chris Danely - JPMorgan Mark Lipacis - Jefferies Joanne Feeney - Longbow Research Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson Matt Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity Sameer Kalucha - JPMorgan Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak
Operator: Welcome to the Avago Technologies Limited Fourth Fiscal Quarter and Fiscal Year 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Tom Krause, Vice President of Corporate Development. Please go ahead, sir.
Tom Krause: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO, and Doug Bettinger, Chief Financial Officer of Avago Technologies. After the market closed today, Avago distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2012. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investor section of Avago's website at avagotech.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investor section of our website. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Doug will be providing details of our Q4 and fiscal year 2012 results, background to our Q1 2013 outlook, and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Avago reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between the GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Tom. Good afternoon, everyone. We are going to start today by reviewing recent end market business highlights, and then Doug will provide summary of our fourth quarter and fiscal 2012 financial results. Revenue for Q4 fiscal year was $618 million, which was slightly above the midpoint of our guidance. This represented an increase of 2% from last quarter, but a decrease of 1% from the same quarter a year ago. However, if we just look at our three primary target markets, revenue from those markets grew 8%, sequentially, on an apple-to-apple comparison basis. For the full fiscal year 2012, revenue was $2.4 billion, which represented an increase of 1% from fiscal 2011. Essentially here, a 20% in our Wireless business was offset largely by 23% decline in industrial revenues. Wired Infrastructure, remain relatively flat. Back to Q4 results, Wireless was very strong, driven by simultaneous product ramps at two of our large smartphone OEM customers. While there were certain bright spots in Wired Infrastructure, Wired revenue was down due to largely weak core routing spending with service providers. Industrial was also down below our estimate at the beginning of the quarter, here though is because, our distribution partners reduced inventory levels. Looking forward to Q1 Wireless demand continues to be strong. However, we expect that continued supply chain contraction in industrial and the continued hiatus in core routing spending will result in a sequential decline in revenues overall. Let me now provide more color on each of our end markets. Starting with Wireless, revenue from Wireless came in at the upper end of our expectations, growing 30%, sequentially. This sequential strength was driven primarily by product ramps at two large OEM customers. I guess I will let you figure out who those are. We also benefitted from seasonal demand from selective smartphone makers in China and Japan, and this particular strength resulted in shift I should say, a mix shift in our revenue mix with Wireless increasing to 51% of total revenue for Q4. Looking at Q1 fiscal 2013, follow-on demand from our two major smartphone OEM ramps remained strong. In addition, we're continuing to see demand from certain other smartphone OEM, as is pretty normal at this time of the year as a launch multiple high end smartphone programs to compete against each other, the upping in demand has also helped a lot by proliferation of LTE capability in these platforms and the strength of our products offering, which now supports 15 LTE frequency bands is supporting this very well. We therefore expect overall Wireless revenue to be virtually flat in Q1, despite one would normally be a seasonally weaker quarter. Stepping back here for a second, I'd like to add; we have as a company cumulatively invested or are currently investing approximately $300 million into putting in place an additional FBAR capacity. We in fact, from 2011 through the end of fiscal 2013, we expect to quadruple our FBAR capacity, driven pretty much by our expectation of strong customer demand. The growth in FBAR as a key point here will improve our Wireless gross margin going forward. Moving onto Wired Infrastructure, revenues here came in slightly better than we expected at the beginning of the quarter. Notwithstanding, revenue sequentially declined 8%. We did benefit from double-digit growth of our ASIC business, shipping into data center switching. However, the pullback in our core routing business at one of the large communications OEM customers particularly more than offset the strength in the ASIC business. Looking forward into Q1, we expect Wired revenue to continue to decline around high-single digits, low-double digits on a percentage basis, caused pretty much by the continued hiatus in demand in core routing from service providers. Turning to industrial and automotive, net sales here declined 11%, sequentially, due to inventory correction in the supply chain during Q4 fiscal '12. On the other hand, we believe industrial demand has bottomed and demand continues in fact to be largely flat and lightly gradually improving going forward. Looking at Q1, OEM demand for industrial fiber and LED products in particular has been picking up and continues to do so. We expect global resales in industrial to continue to be flat during this holiday season. However, we do expect to see contraction in distribution supply chain worldwide, therefore driving industrial revenue to decline low to mid single digits on a percentage basis compared to Q4. With this as background and in summary, I would just add, we grew to 2% sequentially in the fourth quarter, driven primarily by strength in Wireless. Q1 wireless demand remains steady. However supply chain contraction in industrial and weak core routing spending would drive our overall revenue to decline between 5% to 9% as compared to Q4. With that, let me now turn the call over to Doug, for more detailed review of our fourth quarter financials.
Doug Bettinger: Okay. Thanks, Hock. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining the call. Before reviewing the fourth quarter and fiscal 2012 financial results, I want to remind you that my comments today as always will focus primarily on our non-GAAP numbers. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release that we issued today and it's also available on our website at avagotech.com. Revenue of $618 million in Q4 represents an increase of 2% from last quarter and a decrease of 1% versus the same quarter a year ago. The sequential increase was essentially in line with our guidance for the quarter. Revenue from our wireless target market came in at the upper end of our expectations. Revenue from our wired target market came in approximately as we expected, maybe a little bit better. And then finally as Hock took you through revenue from our industrial target market was a little weaker than what we saw a quarter ago and that was driven by contraction in our supply chain. For the last two quarter, we've disclosed that Foxconn was a greater than 10% customer, and when we file the K, you will see that they continue to be one again this quarter. We saw the third consecutive quarter of growth in distribution resales in our three primary target markets. However, at the same time which our reslaes improved, we also saw distribution inventory fall. This dynamic is the main reason we saw our industrial market revenues declined. Our Q4 gross margin was 51.1%, which was slightly below the midpoint of the of the guidance that we provided. This result was driven primarily by a stronger finish in our lower margin wireless target market and a weaker finish in our higher margin industrial market. So, now let me turn to operating expenses. R&D in Q4 came in, or I should say decreased by $8 million to $75 million, while SG&A increased by $1 million to $43 million which drove operating expenses in total to $117 million, which was $7 million below last quarter's $124 million. OpEx also came in $7 million lower than our guidance and this was due primarily to lower variable compensation accruals as a result of lower attainment of our business in financial metrics. As a percentage of sales, R&D dropped to 12%, and SG&A remained flat at 7% of net revenue. Given swing in OpEx in Q4, I wanted to pause just for a minute and give you some color on how variable compensation at Avago works. The annual target for variable comp is in a range of $45 million to $50 million per year. This payout is based on attainment of overall corporate financial targets as well as organizational performance metrics, some of which are financial. It's typical at the beginning of our fiscal year, we provide on a pro rata basis for a 100% payout. We then true these estimates up each quarter. Some of the quarterly variation in spending is driven by our changing view of how attainment versus these goals will come out. We saw this specifically during Q4, when we took our accrual down. As you will see in a minute, the growth in spending for Q1 is based on our estimate of 100% payout of variable compensation for fiscal 2013. Our philosophy here is simple. It is that when the company is doing well, our employees should get paid well. And when we are missing our goals, we should all get paid less. It aligns incentives pretty well here. Now, let me go back to Q4. Income from operations for the quarter increased by $13 million sequentially to $199 million and represented 32% of net revenue, compared to the $191 million of Q4 in last year income from operations increased by $8 million. We recorded a net gain of $1 million in interest and other. Taxes in Q4 came in at $6 million. Net income of $194 million increased 7% from the prior quarter, and Q4 earnings per diluted share of $0.77 was $0.05 higher than Q3. Compared to Q4 of last year, net income was $8 million higher. And for earnings per diluted share was $0.04 higher. Earnings are higher versus the prior year primarily due to the lower spending that I described above. The sequential increase in Q4 earnings was primarily attributed to higher revenue as well as the lower OpEx. I'd like to point out that both, operating as well as net income in Q4 were record highs for Avago. Our share based compensation in Q4 was $14 million. The breakdown of the expense for Q4 includes $2 million in cost of goods sold, $5 million in R&D and $7 million in SG&A. In Q1, I anticipate share based comp will be approximately $17 million, and just to remind you, the company's definition of non-GAAP net income excludes share based compensation. If I go to balance sheet now, our DSO came in at 51 days. This was up one day from the prior quarter. The increase was due to the linearity of revenue within the quarter, which was driven primarily by the timing of product ramps in our wireless target market. Our inventory ended at $194 million, which was a decrease of $22 million from last quarter. Days on hand came in at 58 days, which decreased eight days from Q3. Q4 inventory declined from Q3 primarily because we accumulated inventory in Q3 in anticipation of the Q4 wireless revenue growth. And in Q4, we shipped that inventory. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.84 billion and we generated $215 million in operational cash flow. And just to foreshadow of Q1 a bit for you, Q1 is generally a little bit weaker quarter for cash generation due to the payment of our annual variable compensation relating to prior fiscal year. We spent $73 million on new CapEx. This was at the lower end of our guidance for the quarter and it was mainly due to the timing of equipment delivery. In Q1, we expect CapEx to be in the range of $75 million to $85 million. The increase is primarily due to the ongoing build out of incremental FBAR filter capacity to support growing customer demand. For fiscal 2013, I now expect CapEx will be roughly flat to maybe slightly up from fiscal year 2012. The continued investment will be primarily in FBAR as Hock described in a little bit in the Wired Infrastructure area. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 294,000 shares which consumed $10 million of cash. On October 1st, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.16 per ordinary share and that consumed $39 million of cash. This dividend was raised by $0.01 from the prior quarter. And, I'd just point out since the inception of our dividend program in Q1 of 2011, we have continued to increase our dividend each quarter. We also have continued to evaluate potential strategic investments and acquisitions as another way deploying cash to enhance shareholder returns. Let me now briefly recap our fiscal 2012 full year results. Revenue increased by 1% to approximately $2.4 billion driven by the strength in our wireless business. Gross margin declined by 70 basis points to 51%, also driven by the decline also due to the strength of our Wireless business. Net income for 2012 increased to $700 million, or $2.77 per diluted share and that compares with $692 million or $2.70 per diluted share in fiscal 2011. Let me now turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2013. I'd just let you know Q1 will be a 14-week long quarter which happens every five or six years here for us. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions and we don't intend to update this guidance. As Hock told you, revenue is expected to be down at a range 5% to 9% over Q4, caused by the weakness in core routing as well as the continued contraction in the industrial supply chain. I expect gross margin to be approximately 50.5% plus or minus one percentage point. The slight sequential decline is primarily a result of the end market revenue mix. Operating expenses are estimated to be $130 million. And as I explained earlier, this was driven by an increase in our variable compensation accruals. Interest and other is projected be a gain of approximately $1 million. Taxes are forecasted to be approximately $7 million. And finally, the diluted share count forecast is for 253 million shares. Let me just remind you. This quarter will be the last time that we report consumer and computing as a standalone target market. Starting with Q1 of next year, we'll group the remaining revenues from this business with industrial given the insignificant size of the remaining consumer revenue. And I just mentioned, revenue from consumer was down sharply in Q4 due to the last time bias in Q3, and we expect, what remains as consumer revenue, will be down again in Q1. We'll provide you with the recast of historical information in the earnings tables next quarter, so this change is clear. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please go ahead and open up the call for questions.
Operator: Okay. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi. Please proceed.
Terence Whalen - Citi: Thank you. Good afternoon. I guess, the first question will be on the comments that Hock made regarding quadrupling and FBAR capacity. That seems like it's an incremental update from what you had last shared with us. Specifically, what I wanted to understand is what the gross margin effect on Wireless will be if you can help us understand the magnitude of that? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Terence. I'm not going to quantify it for you, except I think you know that the margin on FBAR, when we sell FBAR is better than some of the other products we sell in wireless, and so Hock's comment is telling you that we expect wireless gross margin ended up itself to get better as we ramp FBAR.
Terence Whalen - Citi: Okay. Terrific. Then perhaps the follow-up question that I have is around the core routing. It's a little bit of a surprise to see the magnitude of weakness two quarters in a row when some of the other competitors and peers in that space have actually seen some improvement. Can you help us understand what's driving that for Avago specifically, and do you have line of sight into that business improving in April? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Yes. Very interesting question, Terence, is on core routing. The products we supply, these are fiber products. We supply proprietary fiber products I should add we supply into core routing is fairly unique, is proprietary by that definition. In a sense, that there are not too many OEMs who make those core routers. They need it for very high volume, high bandwidth flow of data and usually invest that in the backhaul side of any infrastructure development as opposed to the front side, which is more the base station discrete. This is really more related to backhaul as connect interface to transport, and those investments do tend to be rather lumpy, we do have some line of sight but it does get lumpy and it's fairly substantial each time a program comes in. I guess, what I should have added is, sitting here looking ahead as I used the word hiatus and it's true. There's a hiatus in investment in core routing at this point by some service providers. But eventually, such investments need to be made in order to create the bandwidth needed as there are more and more smartphones and especially LTE running. We do see a line of sight that, while this quarter Q1 might continue weakness in core routing investment and therefore demand for proprietary fiber products, we do see coming fall fairly shortly a large program in China, and probably another one in China latter part in the year. We see one being recently awarded in Japan though it takes a while for it to translate into demand for our product, not very long and we definitely do see with an expansion of LTE networks in North America for investments by carriers in North America to be made in core routing for the rest of this year. So, we are pretty positive. So, we are kind of, as I say, in the midst of a hiatus right now.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys. Just a question on the guidance, on the per segment comment. It seems like if wireless is flat, the math barely gets you to the low end of your guidance range, the down 5 versus the down 9 end? Is there something I am missing in the guidance range that, Hock, you gave to explain how you would get to the mid or the lower end of our guidance range?
Doug Bettinger: Well, you should understand that what is left of consumer of, Ross, is, going to decline also. So, you got about $10 million drop-off if we were giving you that next quarter. That might be why your numbers are netting up?
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. That's helpful to know. And then, I guess, as a more forward-looking question here, the extra week that you guys have in the January quarter, how should we think about that impacting both, the revenue and OpEx side of the equation not only in the January quarter but also in the April quarter?
Hock Tan: I guess, it's a simple thing. It's more likely to impact expenses than revenue. We'll have one more week of expenses. That's for sure, as given where, how it runs. But, for the November to January quarter, when you pretty much have Christmas and New Year's break in between, I think from a revenue point of view, historically, we've not seen much change in terms of how it runs compared to other quarters in the fiscal year but expenses with 14 weeks would definitely add an extra week of spending.
Doug Bettinger: And, Ross, our guidance comprehends the extra week in both items revenue and expenses.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: So, that 130 was not just the variable pop back to a 100% payout, but also the inclusion of the extra week?
Doug Bettinger: The biggest thing is the variable comp, but there is other stuff in there as well. I don't always give you every single detail, but variable comp is the biggest but certainly the extra week is part also.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please proceed.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays: Good afternoon, guys. Hock, I was wondering if you could talk about, you talked about sell-through industrial or sell-out being flat by reducing inventory. Can you compare this to the levels you saw last January when the business did bottom out and how close are we to those levels?
Hock Tan: We are pretty close to that level right now. First quarter fiscal '12 is when there was Thai floods, those big floods in Thailand and that's when it hit in our industrial business as many others industrial and automotive business all over the world and that ruled down a lot in inventory at distributors worldwide simply because they couldn't ship much to distributors and end customers were pulling it out of these three channels. By the time we end this quarter Q1, we will be pretty close to that level.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays: Thanks. And then on the Wireless, I guess, flattish with the extra week is a little bit down. You talked about the strength of your top two, so does that just mean the non-top two are seeing weakness. And then, can you talk about your outlook for the rest of the year and whether you see yourself as a share gainer as you go through the year?
Hock Tan: Well, I guess, trying and looking ahead on Wireless. By the way I have to qualify that to say we seem to be in a room here wireless, where things change all the time. The fact you're experiencing one year doesn't mean it's the same the next year. As I indicated to you guys, I think, a few months ago, we expected this quarter Q1 Wireless to be relatively flat from the preceding quarter, which is typically our strongest quarter in a 12-month period. And as we see it here now, we have Q1 running at the same rate as Q4. It depends on how fast the product transitions occur at those two major OEMs. I think, that's what more than anything else drives the characteristic that drives what one would call the ups and downs of the wireless business for us. And in other words, if the launch of new ramps on one of those two OEMs or both those two OEMs occur earlier and as you saw in this year '12 it launched around September-October, timeframe, kind of later. But, if that thing were to be pulled forward, then probably product transition quarter would occur probably earlier than this year. This year it occurred in our fiscal Q3. If these things will pull forward, which possibly could, though we don't know, it's too early to know, then it could move forward one quarter or it could push back one quarter and could still remain at Q3 as we did in calendar '12. So, given the information I have right now, I would probably say, most likely we would have the same situation as we had this year, product transition in wireless which means the lowest quarter of the year would occur in our fiscal Q3, but I could be wrong by one quarter.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura. Please proceed.
Romit Shah - Nomura : Yes. Thanks a lot, guys. Hock, I was somewhat encouraged just by your comments on industrial. I know it was down in January. You mentioned that industrial demand or resales is flat to improving. Is that a trend that you guys have observed more recently?
Hock Tan: No. We are seeing that now for three quarters in a row. Okay? As, you know, most of our industrial business goes through distributors, not all but I would say 85% to 90% of it goes through distributors. And based on resale, our industrial business has in fact been virtually flat the last three quarters. And, so, I would say we are definitely in the trough and we are probably looking at it probably slowly gradually creeping from the trough, especially when it comes to China.
Romit Shah - Nomura : Then my follow-up would be, what normalized revenues are for the segment. Because, on your January guidance, it looks like industrial will be around $130 million to $135 million. That's up from where it was a year ago, but it's still well below the 180-plus you guys were doing in the back half of 2011?
Hock Tan: Right. Well, as I said, because it goes through distribution and we recognized revenue and you correctly pointed out ship into our channels. You will see in periods of volatility, like on periods of uncertainty I should say, this sort of thing happening and part of it relates to the fact that tracing back to the beginning of fiscal '12. Another way of putting it in, beginning of calendar '12 when we were experiencing like many other industrial component manufacturers, the Thai flood, at that time, we obviously had to draw down substantially our end customers that have drawn substantially on channel inventory to meet their needs and we weren't able to replenish those channel inventory in the obviously timely manner and that was beginning of '12. And, we obviously started to replenish it in our fiscal Q2 and fiscal Q3. And since then, we have been drawing back, the distribution channels has been bringing down their inventory levels quite significantly and that's pretty much what we are seeing over the course of fiscal '12. An answer to an earlier question from the audience was that by the end of this fiscal quarter, our inventory level in the channel would be as low as it was as it was in January calendar '12 when we had the Thai floods and when inventory was really been drawn down, but through all this my point is as it generates our revenue shipping that is resale has been pretty flat.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed
Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. Hock, first one on Wireless. I am curious how your visibility is into design wins in the flagship smartphone products for 2013. Do you think you will be able to maintain your content in terms of absolute dollars for phone, because as you also acknowledge your top customers have a habit of changing suppliers with every generation of phone?
Hock Tan: You said it, exactly. These guys have a habit of going for the things they need, be it, the best performance or the best price and it depends on the program they are engaged in and depends on the OEM themselves. Usually, we have visibility out six months, good visibility out about six months, so it's limited but out six months and sometimes nine months and that's the extend of it.
Doug Bettinger: But, Vivek, we wouldn't be investing CapEx if we weren't feeling pretty good about the broad market need for FBAR, so we're talking to people. We don't know the exact design wins, but we kind of know to know what they are going to need and we kind of know where they are going to need to come to get the performance that FBAR provides.
Hock Tan: The trend is very clear, especially when we went from CDMA to 3G and now particularly from 3G to 4G or LTE and the proliferation of smartphones that are LTE-enabled, which doesn't mean they are just LTE (Inaudible). They go back what's into better comparable to 3G and 2G and CDMA, which basically puts a lot of bands and requirements on any particular piece of a device, which basically creates a lot of what we have said before coexistence problems. All that rose into a situation where as I've mentioned in my opening remarks, a situation where when five years ago maybe one or two bands in the spectrum uses FBAR. Today, we have 15 bands that uses FBAR. Of course, the number of bands have proliferated since then. I mean five, six years ago may be there was less than 10 bands. Today, there are 40 bands, but having said that, out of 40 bands 15 uses FBAR, so those kind of trends and demand and the proliferation of smartphones and content in basically in those smartphones is what's driving the need for us to expand our capacity in a fairly, fairly radical manner.
Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then follow-up, Hock, is if you look at your top customer they have already made the move to LTE. The last time they made the move to 3G, the next generation of phone RF content probably came down, because they were able to integrate different components. So, now that they have already made the move to 4G LTE, do you think it's possible that their next one or two products RF content perhaps on a like-to-like basis comes down, because they are able to take advantage of integration and just a competition in the RF frontend market?
Hock Tan: It is possible. We are talking a bit conceptual here, so please take that in mind and audience when I say it. It's possible because, you are right. They will try to integrate. I mean, the number of bands hasn't changed. In fact, the number of bands will increase as we go into more and more LTE in various parts of the world. Offsetting that number of bands means more content in theory linearly. But in practice, your point is taken. The integration or so to say the consolidation of RF components will reduce the content the other direction. Having said that, I do want to remind you from our very self-interest bias point of view, you can see that in power amplifiers. You don't see that in filters or duplexers. You cannot integrate duplexers or filters. Every band needs a separate filter. You don't integrate them together, but power amplifiers has been as we have seen in a recent 8960 Qualcomm chipset have supported or supports power amplifiers, 2G and some of the 3G bands integrated as one single chip solution in power amplifiers. But for duplexers and filters, which is the main thrust of interest for this company, it never gets integrated.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS. Please proceed.
Stephen Chin - UBS: Hi, Hock. Hi, Doug. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to ask a couple of more follow-up questions on industrial just to better calibrate my understanding there, but in the past I know that emerging markets such as china was a big part of the growth in your industrial story. Is that still the case now or is North American group, a big component of what's driving the trends there? And, secondly, in the terms of product areas, are alternative energy power electronics, that's still something that's maybe on the rise or playing some factor in variability in your industrial demand?
Hock Tan: I apologize. I didn't quite catch the first question you asked. I know the second one is about alternative energy. You got it? Doug go ahead.
Doug Bettinger: Stephen, you're asking if China still drives our industrial business as much as it used to, right?
Stephen Chin - UBS: Correct.
Hock Tan: Okay. Good question, and it's a question I don't really know 100%. It's not as obvious it is driving and so the best answer is not as much as it used to in the heydays of 2010, and definitely part of 2011, much less now but it still does have an impact and quite a big impact. Because, the industrial multinationals resell into Central Europe and into Japan and even part of North America, export a fair amount of their products into China for China programs. So, it does have that. It still drives part of it, but much less than it used to. You asked me to quantify how much, I'm not sure. I could quantify that. By drives, it has much less impact which is probably the reason why we are seeing industrial resale among Tier 2, Tier 3, which tend to go through distribution a lot. To be very flat in countries like North America and in countries like and more than flat declining in countries like Europe and Japan offset by gradual increase in industrial resale in places like China and in emerging countries. It balances out globally industrial resale what we've seen over the last nine months has been virtually flat. On the second question on renewable energy, there are two parts to it. One of the major part, you're talking about is remaining to solar, wind those kind of renewable energy things. Yeah, there was strength few years ago in the period of 2009, 2010, it's pretty strong. From 2011 onwards, things have come down quite dramatically. It's now, I think, shrunk to a relatively smaller percentage of our total industrial business probably maybe down to about 5%, 10%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely from JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Doug Bettinger: Chris are you there?
Chris Danely - JPMorgan: Can you hear me okay?
Doug Bettinger: We can't hear you. Try again. We can't hear you, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Can you hear me?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. We can hear you, Mark.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: Great. Two easy questions first on FBAR. What's your market share now? What do you think it will do over the next year or two? And, second on the FBAR business. Can you help us understand to what extent you get attach, where you sell the FBAR par which you guys have a great position and you get attach rates of other silicon in the handset. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Okay. Great. To answer the first part of question, I'll now rephrase your question. I apologize for doing it, but I'll rephrase your question. It's not really sharing the FBAR as much as the filter business. What penetration is FBAR, and as I mentioned before in simple terms, there are 40 bands right now roughly operating in the world 40 cellular bands and 15 of that do use FBAR. It doesn't mean every one of them use it, so if I were to guess market penetration by handsets, I would probably say 20% only if at all, 15%, 20% is FBAR. Maybe even less, which it's interesting thought gives us lot of room to grow, but only 15%, 20% uses FBAR at this points and that includes all the LTE bands. And the way FBAR pulls other components. That's very interesting good question and I'd like to highlight that and it refers back to an earlier question about, A, if FBAR has sold discretely that means staying standalone duplexer filter. FBAR creates a lot of gross margin, generates a very high gross margin for us but they do not sell on its own most of the time. You pair an FBAR or it pulls with it power amplifiers usually. Among other small other components, largely power amplifiers. And, so that kind of dilute our mix, but it is a necessary think. That it gives us content and a lot of times those two pull together as package in the frontend module as we call it, or as some people call it paired or frontend modules which basically gives a higher prices, higher dollar content but relatively lower margin. But as more of this frontend modules requires FBAR, obviously, it's also good for us in improving not only our dollars, but our margin. It's not typically, but I would say 75% at least of our volume of FBAR, are sold paired with power amplifiers.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joanne Feeney with Longbow Research. Please proceed.
Joanne Feeney - Longbow Research: Thank you. Can you guys hear me?
Doug Bettinger: We can hear you, Joanne.
Joanne Feeney - Longbow Research: Perfect. Okay. Question on the FBAR capacity expansion. So in the past, you talked about doubling capacity by the middle of 2013. Today you said quadruple. I'm wondering if that's just a change in your starting point of comparison or if you've actually doubled your intentions. And if so, can you tie that to CapEx for the year? And then, I have follow-on.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. We have doubled our intension, Joanne, and it's because we are going a little further out in time and so that's why I told you next year CapEx will be at least as high as it was in 2012 and maybe slightly higher. And, Hock mentioned the fact that, cumulatively between what we've already invested and what we will invest in 2013, it will be $300 million on FBAR alone.
Hock Tan: And, I would add a little bit more. It's not that we improve or increase our intension. We're so pull forward a part of that, so from 2011 to today to early next year we would have doubled the capacity. And about another year's time, we would double it again.
Joanne Feeney - Longbow Research: Okay. Perfect. And then could you give us a sense of how that might affect gross margin. What I'm wondering in particular is the timing of when this new capacity comes online and how that matches up to the programs you see demanding your FBAR products?
Doug Bettinger: Joanne, it kind of comes in the way we do this. As it comes in tool-by-tool and we try to do it such that we bring the constrained tools in and it gradually increases capacity. And, if we're going to do in this we'll match it with demand. You don't always get that exactly right.
Hock Tan: We expect to trend gross margin up, but it's a trend not a spike and it's hard to predict it accurately at this point other than to be able to tell you it will continue to trend out this capacity. It basically depends on whether we sell it individually discretely as FBAR duplexer or we sell it in a frontend module which obviously affects the revenue, but brings down gross margin somewhat and it's a mix of the two and it's pretty hard to predict the mix going out that far. All we do know is the trend.
Operator: And your next question comes from Ian Ing with Lazard Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Ian Ing - Lazard Capital Markets: Yes. Thank you. So, given the fall off in core routing is, what's the mix between proprietary and standards optics? Is it still 50-50. And for standard optics, what's the pricing environment right now given the current demand?
Doug Bettinger: So, it's a little more standard than it used to be given the fall off in parallel. Ian. I don't know. Hock, you want to take the pricing question?
Hock Tan: The pricing question, optics always has this price, a downward price trend line in semiconductor products which is considered as though. I don't think it really is a semiconductor product. It's a normal pricing environment we see today, which is roughly, frankly depending on which particular generation of product it is somewhere in the range of anywhere from 5% to 10% annually is what we tend to see in our mix of fiber optics products. Obviously, the newer product tends to ramp down faster and stabilizes, the older product pretty much stays firm. Older products, I mean the 1G tends to be more firm, 10/100, if you imagine that's still exists, still it's more firm and the newer 8-gigabit per second storage product or 10-gigabit per second would tend to start off at a higher price and move down much faster. So, the mix of that, I would say on the most steady state basis, will range from 5% to 10% a year, sometimes into the low double-digits.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Aalok Shah with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson: Hi, Doug. Just a real quick clarification. Can you go over the consumer business again? So, does that business go down about another $10 million going into the January quarter and then you are going to include it into the industrial business?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Exactly right, Aalok.
Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson: Okay. And then, if we look at kind of how you are thinking about the FBAR business it does sound like that the seasonality is changing again next year. How do you guys view, I mean I know you don't want give me full guidance, but are you guys seeing a change in how handsets are being delivered or designed for next year?
Hock Tan: No. I think it's the same way. It's just that. the dynamic, it is still very much there for most part. I guess, you probably see two big guys and also other significant OEM guys out there and there's still seasonality for the most part, which comes at this time of the year and everybody tries to get their products launched before fall towards this seasonality but the difference also is there are one or two of those big OEMs who go through more than one product launches, significant product launches a year and the other big one, do it once a year. And, so you still see that, but it tweaks one as a component supply to everyone, we see each year somewhat. In the old days, when the OEM makers were all not that far apart in size more or less about the same size, we do see the seasonality of year end, Christmas year-end becomes very pronounced. Today, the seasonality is pronounced for the significant OEM. But, because of also the way share is shifted, that seasonality gets to a large extent muted by the size of the two big guys continuing their strong ramps.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mike Walkley with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed.
Matt Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity: Good afternoon, gentlemen. This is Matt Ramsay on for Mike. Thanks for taking our questions. The first question is, Hock, it's fairly well understood which two of the unnamed dominant smartphone OEMs are driving your wireless business. A quick question there, were each of those two, both 10% customers in the quarter or only your leading one?
Doug Bettinger: Matt, we don't disclose unless it is a 10% customer. In my scripted remarks purposely gave you Foxconn as a 10% customer and that's all I have to tell you.
Matt Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity: Fair enough. And, as a follow-up, now that your leading customer has included LTE in all their global SKUs, we're seeing in our checks other high tier OEMs may be forced to follow suite and Qualcomm's LTE based band solutions are definitely well positioned in that market. Hock, maybe you could talk a little about your FBAR alignment with Qualcomm's LTE roadmap and reference designs, relative to your competitors and maybe your attach rate with Qualcomm's LTE wins to this point? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Well, the best way for me to describe is, we're obviously very, very closely engaged in enabling Qualcomm on our RF side with both, our FBAR duplexers as well as our PA designs as well as frontend design and a combination of anything else in the RF they need and we are obviously very, very well engaged with them on that. It definitely benefits us a lot to do that and we continue to do that. But, in terms of specifics pretty hard. That's a lot of designs. There are many, many designs that keep pouring out and I can't even begin to tell you how many we have engaged versus how many there are out there. Just sufficient that we do have, we have very close engagement, not only just with Qualcomm, but with the OEMs who takes those reference design and do not necessarily follow those reference designs either.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Sameer Kalucha - JPMorgan: Hi. This is Sameer Kalucha calling in for Chris Danely. Can you hear me now?
Doug Bettinger: Yes. We can.
Sameer Kalucha - JPMorgan: Okay. Great. Sorry about earlier. I think, we need FBAR filters here in the phone here to.
Doug Bettinger: Clearly.
Sameer Kalucha - JPMorgan: Of course. The question I have is around taxes. The taxes have been in the $15 million to $20 million range as you pointed out during the IPO. But at that time, you also said you have visibility into the next three, four years going forward. I wonder how the visibility into tax holidays is at this point. Do you expect it to continue for another, I would say, two, three, four, five years or is it subject to change?
Doug Bettinger: Sameer, the visibility is much longer than that. For the indefinite future, our effective tax rate will be 4% to 5%. It's not going away. Our tax holidays are double-digit number of years.
Sameer Kalucha - JPMorgan: Got it. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: And we work to extend them all the time.
Sameer Kalucha - JPMorgan: Great, and then a lot of people and some of your peers have also expressed some possibility of a snapback in macro demand going past once the uncertainties on fiscal cliffs and those sorts have cleared. I wonder does that change your outlook in, say, April timeframe if that uncertainty is clear from the flattish resales you are seeing right now?
Hock Tan: It is hard for us to sitting here right now to know for sure with any degree of certainty that that would happen. And as I said, we only focus all the way out with any degree of guidance levels that we have here through the end of this quarter. Beyond that? Who knows? I'll be honest. With no clue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak. Please proceed.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: Yes. Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you. Two quick questions both, on gross margins. I don't know if my first question has been addressed, but how much of the downtick in gross margin in the fiscal Q1 is mix related versus utilization, be it, backend or frontend and what the implication for that would be in the April quarter?
Doug Bettinger: It's primarily mix, Brendan.
Brendan Furlong - Miller Tabak: Okay. Then the second question, following-up on Joanne questions, you were expecting to double your capacity in the middle of next year and then your comment on gross margins for FBAR after that. So, should we assume that the see through on the gross margin side happens in the second half of your fiscal year? We don't see it for the first half in others words.
Doug Bettinger: It should in the second half, and as FBAR gets to be bigger and bigger percentage of the mix which we see that happening as we go through back part of 2013, you should begin to see it trick its way through.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Tom Krause for closing remarks.
Tom Krause: Thank you, operator. Before we close, I would like to remind everyone that Avago will host its Investor and Analyst Day in New York on December 14th. In addition, we will be presenting at the JPMorgan Tech Forum and meeting with investors related to the Nomura Conference at CES in early January in Las Vegas. I want to thank everybody for participating in today's earnings call. We look forward to talking with you again when we report our first quarter fiscal 2013 results in February. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-08-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Krause  VP, Corporate Development Hock Tan  President and CEO Doug Bettinger  CFO
Analysts: Terence Whalen  Citigroup Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Vivek Arya  BAML James Schneider  Goldman Sachs Parag Agarwal  UBS Christopher Danely  JPMorgan Romit Shah  Nomura Vijay Rakesh  Sterne Agee Brendan Furlong  Miller Tabak Joanne Feeney  Longbow Research Mark Lipacis  Jefferies & Co. Ian Ing  Lazard Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter 2012 Avago Technologies Limited earnings conference call. My name is [Chanel] and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Innstructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tom Krause, VP of Corporate Development.
Tom Krause: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO, and Doug Bettinger, Chief Financial Officer of Avago Technologies. After the market close today, Avago distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the third quarter of fiscal year 2012. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors' section of Avago's website at www.avagotech.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investor section of our website at avagotech.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Doug will be providing details of our Q3 fiscal year 2012 results, background to our Q4 2012 outlook, and some commentary regarding the business environment. We'll take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Avago reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached on today's press release. Comments made during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Tom. Good afternoon, everyone. We're going to start today by reviewing recent end-market highlights and then Doug will provide a summary of third quarter financials. Now, revenue for our Q3 fiscal year was $606 million, just slightly above the midpoint of our guidance, and this represented an increase of 5% from last quarter but an increase of less than 1% from the same quarter a year ago. Now, during this Q3, industrial was strong, driven by continued recovery in Asia; wired infrastructure was modestly up; enterprise was flat; but we were helped by strength from service providers. Wireless was down below our estimates at the beginning of the quarter because of product transition at one of our major OEMs. Now, looking into next quarter, Q4, however, we no longer have the revenue contribution, if you recall, from our consumer navigation products which represented approximately 7% of Q3 revenues. In this Q4, we foresee, we forecast industrial and wired infrastructure to be down, which leaves us really with only one cylinder running on turbo charge for Q4. I would like to point out though that the strength of this wireless will still enable us to grow modestly quarter over quarter in Q4. And if I look at our three primary target markets, excluding consumer business, our total revenue is actually expected to increase in the mid to high single digits in Q4 on an apple-to-apple comparison, no pun intended, compared to Q3. Let me provide more color on each of our end-markets. Starting with wireless, second half our fiscal year is playing out pretty much as we expected. Revenue from wireless declined 5% sequentially and represented 40% of our third fiscal quarter revenue. As you may recall, during my last earnings call in May, I pointed out two near-term challenges to our wireless business in the third quarter; namely, the supply constraint of Qualcomm's 28nm LTE baseband chipset as well as the product transition cycle at one of our large OEM customers. These two near-term challenges were the main reasons wireless revenues were down sequentially in a quarter that is normally a seasonally strong quarter. I also noted on our last call that we expected wireless to be very strong in Q4. As many of you know, we are very well-positioned Qualcomm's 28nm LTE platform. The 28nm supply has made some progress, as we have seen, as small supply becomes available to some of -- many of customers, OEM customers. Consequentially, we're now seeing demand for RF frontend solutions associated with this platform accelerating with certain ODMs today. In addition, we're now seeing the full benefit of the product transition at one of our large OEM customers. Our content at this OEM and volumes are also up significantly, and as a result, we expect wireless revenue to be up in the range of 20% to 30% in Q4 compared to Q3. Moving on to wired infrastructure, revenue here represented 29% of Q3 revenues. Wired was in line with our expectation at the beginning of this quarter, with revenues up 3% sequentially. We benefited from double-digit growth in 2.5G and 5G power uptakes used in core routing applications as we ship-in to major programs at service providers in North America and China. Demand for ASICs remained, and looking into Q4, we expect sequential growth in ASICs because of strength in data center switching. However, reflecting what we perceived as the hiatus in the implementation of core routing programs, we expect to see a temporary decline in our parallel optics, primarily tied to one of our large OEM customers. As a result, we expect overall revenue from wired infrastructure to decline high single digits on a percentage basis for the fourth quarter. Finally, turning to industrial and automotive markets, revenue from this target market accounted for 24% of our Q3 net revenue. Net sales grew 19% sequentially, which was slightly better than our expectations. Worldwide resales were up again growing 5% and gave us confidence the recovery we saw last quarter is continuing. As we expected, demand from China was strong. We believe government stimulus programs and a looser credit environment drove our distribution partners and local Chinese customers to more aggressively take products in the quarter. However, revenues still remain 17% below the same quarter a year ago. So, China is recovering, Japan, North America were flat, but Europe remained a weak spot. Even though we expect resales to grow in Q4, given the robust revenue uptick, particularly our ship-in to distributors we saw in Q3, and a relatively soft demand environment outside China, we expect industrial revenue to decline mid to high single digits in Q4. Revenue from consumer, as a note -- as a final note, revenue from consumer and computing peripheral markets represented as I mentioned earlier about 7% of our Q3 revenues, reflecting really last-time buys resulting from a transition to a royalty business model in consumer navigation. And in this market sales grew 47% sequentially from the prior quarter and grew 33% from the same quarter a year ago. So in summary, as we mentioned, we grew 5% sequentially in the third quarter, driven largely by strength in industrial. For this fourth quarter, we forecast overall revenue growth of between 0% to 3% from Q3 caused by the sharp falloff in revenue from our consumer navigation business, and frankly, on certain demand in carrier routing, despite what is a very strong revenue ramp for wireless business. And again to reiterate, without looking at revenue from our consumer business, revenue growth from our three primary targets will be projected to be up mid to single digit -- mid to high single digits. With that, let me turn the call over to Doug for a more detailed review of our third quarter 2012 financials.
Doug Bettinger: Okay. Thanks, Hock. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call this quarter. Before reviewing the third quarter fiscal 2012 financial results, I want to remind you that my comments today as always will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release that we issued today and is also available on our website at avagotech.com. Revenue of $606 million in Q3 represents an increase of 5% from last quarter and an increase of 0.5% versus the same quarter a year ago. The sequential increase was in the upper half of our guidance for the quarter. Revenue from our industrial and consumer target markets were a little stronger than we expected. Revenue from our wired target market came in approximately as we expected. And then finally, revenue from our wireless target market came in slightly weaker than we expected. And for the last two quarters, we've disclosed that Foxconn was a greater than 10%, and that continued to be one again this quarter. For the second consecutive quarter, distribution resales grew in the mid single digits. And as Hock described, the sequential growth of resales was primarily driven by strength in Asia, China in particular, while Europe remained weak. Looking into Q4, we expect resales will continue to grow. During Q3, however, our inventory and distribution grew at a rate slightly greater than resales. Hence, we expect revenue into the distribution channel would decline somewhat in Q4. And then just to remind you, the end-market impacted the most significantly by distribution is our industrial and automotive target market. Our Q3 gross margin was 51.2%, slightly below the midpoint of our guidance. This result was driven by a slightly negative product mix within the wireless target market as well as greater revenue from our lower-margin consumer target market. So, turning to operating expenses, R&D expenses for Q3 increased by $4 million to $83 million, while SG&A decreased by $4 million to $41 million, which left operating expenses unchanged at $124 million from last quarter. OpEx came in $5 million lower than our expectation a quarter ago due to the timing of certain R&D programs as well as lower litigation spending. As a percentage of sales, R&D remained at 14% and SG&A decreased to 7% of net revenue. Income from operations for the quarter increased by $15 million sequentially to $186 million, and this represented 31% of net revenue. Compared to the $177 million for Q3 of last year, income from operations increased by $9 million. We recorded a net gain of $1 million in interest and other, primarily due to the interest on our cash balances. Taxes of $5 million for Q3 were $1 million lower than the prior quarter. The decrease was related to the jurisdictional mix of income. Q3 net income of $182 million increased 8% from the prior quarter, and Q3 earnings per diluted share of $0.72 was $0.06 higher than Q2. Compared to Q3 of last year, net income was $6 million higher, and for earnings per diluted share, it was $0.04 higher. Earnings were higher versus the prior year primarily due to lower spending, and the sequential increase in Q3 earnings was primarily attributed to the higher revenue. Our share-based compensation in Q3 was $15 million. The breakdown of the expense for Q3 includes $1 million in cost of goods sold, $6 million in R&D and $8 million in SG&A. In Q4 our anticipated share-based compensation will again be approximately $15 million. And just to remind you, the company's definition of non-GAAP net income excludes share-based compensation expense. So now let me move to the balance sheet. Our day sales outstanding came in at 50 days. This was up seven days from the prior quarter. The increase was due to the linearity of revenue within the quarter. Our inventory ended at $216 million, which was a slight decrease of $2 million from last quarter. Days on hand came in at 66 days, which decreased 4 days from Q2. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $973 million and we generated $128 million in operational cash flow. We spent $65 million on new capital equipment, and for next quarter, Q4, I expect CapEx will be in the range of $70 million to $80 million. The increase is primarily due to incremental FBAR filter capacity to support growing customer demand. During the quarter we consumed $50 million on stock repurchases. And on June 29 of 2012, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 per ordinary share, which consumed $37 million of cash. This dividend was raised by $0.02 from the prior quarter. Since the inception of our dividend program in Q1 of 2011, we've continued to increase our dividend each quarter. We also continued to evaluate potential strategic investments in acquisitions as another way of deploying cash to maximize the return to shareholders. However, as a matter of policy, we do not comment on rumors or speculations regarding any specific acquisition targets or strategy. Now let me cover the balance of our non-GAAP guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions and we do not intend to update this guidance. Revenue is expected to be in a range of flat-to-up 3% over Q3, driven primarily by growth in wireless. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 51.25% plus or minus 75 basis points. Operating expenses are estimated to stay flat at $124 million. Interest and other is projected to be approximately $1 million. Taxes are forecasted to be approximately $8 million. Taxes are slightly up due to the timing of certain discrete tax items. Finally, the diluted share count forecast is for 253 million shares. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, would you please open up the call for questions?
Operator: Will do. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Terence Whalen, Citigroup.
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I think I'd like to start off by asking a question around the FBAR comment that you made. You said the CapEx is going to be $70 million in the fiscal fourth quarter because you're expanding FBAR capacity. Can you just give us an idea of the magnitude of the capacity expansion you're thinking about for FBAR perhaps over the next one year and two-year period and also indicate what's driving the need to expand capacity? Is it just one OEM or is it a broader trend that you're seeing in conversations with service providers? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Terrence, this is Doug. I think we've kind of commented on this last quarter. We're on a path right now of doubling our FBAR capacity between now and call it mid next year. That capacity comes online bit by bit, but we're in the middle of doing the heavy spending right now. And we're investing in that capacity for the broad market. It isn't any one customer. I mean certain customers do tend to use more FBAR than others, but we are investing for the whole market, Terrence.
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: Okay, terrific. And then as my follow-up, I guess the question that I would like to ask is, if I think about the $30 million drop in consumer and PC, roughly going to $14 million, my question is, what's the gross margin of that? Because if I were to assume that that's a licensing stream with a very high gross margin, then it appears that your gross margin guidance in October for a 20 basis-point increase is conservative even when taking into account wireless up 25% and wired and infrastructure down mid single digit. So I guess my question is, why are you guiding gross margin flat if we were to assume a much richer gross margin from that licensing stream in the fiscal fourth quarter? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Terrence, this is Doug again. There's a lot of moving parts in gross margin at Avago. We have our largest growth coming from wireless which tends to be our lowest gross margin end-market. That's a piece of it. That's offset by the point that you're picking up on. I would tell you that that's not a 100% profit in what's remaining in the consumer business. There are some costs associated with that. And then understand that each end-market gross margin moves up or down quarter by quarter. It isn't static. So things move around a little bit. And when you mix it altogether, the 51.25% is where our estimate is coming out, Terrence.
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: Okay. Thanks, Doug.
Doug Bettinger: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys. Just, Hock, a question on the industrial side of things. It makes all the sense in the world about burning some inventory given what resales and selling did in the third quarter as far as your fourth quarter guide. But in prior quarters, you also talked about year over year those revenues being down significantly. Still seems like they are down about 15% to 20% year-over-year, so I'm surprised you really think you have to burn a lot of inventory. Can you just talk a little bit about how we reconcile the sequential to the year over year, please?
Hock Tan: You're right, Ross, in all that you said. Well, our industrial revenue is, broadly speaking, about 15% to 20%, still down from the same time a year ago. And so we still think that recovery -- still some ways, some possible ways to go. Having said that, I mean, the recovery is very, as I pointed out, right now as we see it, is very much limited in Central Asia in industrial, especially in China where we see the strength of it. We see some -- we see flatness, not down, but flatness in Japan and Europe for industrial. And partly maybe that's probably because things have gone down -- though they haven't gone down much in those home markets, but we also see the possibility of some of those exports from those countries in Europe and Japan through industrial OEMs to China too. And you're right, it's growing up. It is still improving, but as we indicated, it's growing at above 5% mid single digits, we think. And against that last quarter, if you recall, we saw an industrial revenue which we recognized on a shipping basis of closer to 17%, 18%, 19% sequentially. So we kind of feel that our distribution market might be getting ahead of itself and might be prudent for us to kind of pull back. That's the forecast obviously. And if obviously resale goes beyond the mid single digits we are forecasting for Q4, we might reassess and re-evaluate what we do here. But this is basically our current thinking.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Great. And I guess, as my follow-up, switching over to one for Doug, moving away from the gross margin impact of that change to the royalty model, is your fiscal fourth quarter OpEx guidance fully encompass the decrease in OpEx that I assume comes along with changing over to that IP royalty-based model in consumer?
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Ross it does. Obviously some other things are growing spending. R&D, when you strip out that consumer bit going away, would be up slightly on an apples-to-apples basis.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya, BAML.
Vivek Arya  BAML: Thanks for taking my question. First one, on wireless. Hock, you mentioned Foxconn as a 10% customer. I was wondering if you could talk about Samsung also. And just a broader context of how you think about the customer diversification, because the October quarter is great, there is a big ForEx cycle, but what happens a quarter after that or a quarter after that? How long can you be sort of subject to all this fluctuation just because of these product transitions? If you can talk about diversification, if that is even possible as you look out at smartphone industry right now?
Hock Tan: Well, interesting question. Let me try to address that, but to answer -- to jump straight on, yeah, we have a fairly broad customer base in wireless. We're pretty much doing business now with every smartphone manufacturer. Not every phone manufacturer, but every smartphone manufacturer. That includes by the way and on the -- obviously top line, the largest tier 1 manufacturers including people like Samsung, you correctly pointed out, and we do a very good amount of business with Samsung and they are very valued and very significant customer. We also sell to tier 3 whitebox phone manufacturers in China on a case-by-case basis depending on the programs and when and the specific technologies they are using. So we have a pretty broad base. But you are right, in that respect it's a very interesting tiered market now. Very, very much a question of picking winners and losers, so to speak, in terms of OEMs. And we try to cover the full range with the product we have and the technology we have. And some customers really appreciate and are willing to obviously subscribe to our business model of very high-performance RF components, be -- particularly our FBAR components. And some of them use I guess frontend modules [with pull-along] power amplifiers, our power amplifiers which help us increase volume. Overall, we -- but to address your question on the pattern of behavior, forecasting is always hard, but let me try to do that, we have drawn some reference point by looking back to last year, the last 12 months. And typically prior to the last year, what happens is, in our fiscal Q3, is when we see a strong seasonal uptick in wireless business, typical seasonality, it's end of the year, headed towards back to school and Christmas. So, strong typical seasonality up, and a continuing strong seasonality in Q4. And by that I usually mean 10% per head sequentially, maybe then mid to high single digits in Q4. Then Q1 will show a -- the next Q1 following Q4 will show a sharp drop and could be mid to even 10% drop. And Q2 from -- Q2 will be kind of flat from Q1. And the cycle repeats itself. That used to be the case say two years ago, three years ago. Come last year, we see a significant change in the pattern, in this whole pattern, and part of it is related to what you're pointing out, the way the market has segmented itself among OEMs and based on how those OEMs launch new products and the timing in which it launches. And what we've seen last year was, as we see now, is Q4 -- there was some seasonality in Q3 -- Q4 was a very uptick for us, in last Q4, not this Q4, last Q4. Q1 remains at Q4's level, and Q2 was pretty close to what Q1 was, flat, at that high level, and then Q3 showed a sharp drop-off because of a product transition at a major customer, and Q4, as we see now, bounced right back up. So if I use this, say, new trend, I would say following this new trend, I'm not giving you a forecast, I'm just saying strictly following that new trend, Q1 coming out might be flat from Q4's level in wireless.
Vivek Arya  BAML: Got it. And for my follow-up, maybe one for Doug. Doug, as you think about these product transition issues that Hock alluded to, the fact that you're bringing in a lot more FBAR capacity in-house, should we start bracing ourselves for a little more gross margin volatility over the next one or two years just because your largest customers do go through these product transitions as it's well known? But now that you control more of your own manufacturing, how are you reflecting that in sort of how we think about gross margins?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Vivek, you know, there might be a little bit. But quite honestly, when you look at how we've come through this last transition through, we were building inventory in advance of a stronger back half of the fiscal year. We were building inventory in Q3, Q4. And so we didn't have a big swing in utilization in the fab. Maybe we were a little bit lucky this year, and that won't always be the case, but we'll try to manage it that way as best as possible. So, yeah, there could be a little bit, but understand still that two-thirds of our manufacturing spending is still outsourced. We are adding more internal spending. But they're still the vast majority of what we spend on manufacturing, is outsourced, and that varies with volume.
Vivek Arya  BAML: Great. Thank you very much.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Vivek.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Schneider, Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider  Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. First of all, on the wireless area, I was wondering, relative to the up 20% to 30% guidance for next quarter, could you maybe give us some color about how much of that is being driven by an increase in units and how much is being driven by the increase in content given the transition to LTE and other content increases?
Hock Tan: Wow, that's a tough one to call.
Doug Bettinger: That's a tough one.
Hock Tan: Because of the mix of our products even in wireless, James, I'm trying to think, we're thinking of that as you say, because the mix changes quite dramatically and the price thus change dramatically based on the mix of products. Because I mean, as you know, if you look at the categories of products we have, we have discrete FBAR, discrete PA, though that's not that big a volume except recently. And when we have frontend modules. And the prices on each are quite distinctively different. And there's a shift obviously based on the shift in architecture as we move on to new generations. So if I give you an ASP, which is -- which may be the answer you're asking for is content, but it depends on the phone we're using. To try to get to -- to answer your question basically, don't know how to answer it, but it's not an ASP push. It's more content. And the content is tied to an architecture that goes from maybe largely PAs to frontend modules. And that does definitely increase ASPs quite significantly.
James Schneider  Goldman Sachs: Understand. That's helpful. And then maybe as a follow-up, following up on the industrial market for a second, you talked about the inventory burn-off in this coming quarter. Can you talk about whether you think that inventory reduction scenario happens maybe even into the January quarter? And then maybe talk a little bit about the linearity you saw in the July quarter and what you've seen so far in terms of orders for August.
Hock Tan: Okay. Let me try to take them together. Well, as I mentioned in my -- as a respond to an earlier question, what we foresee, and it's pretty close, is that we obviously want to burn off inventory in our distribution channel in this current Q4 simply because we felt we shipped too much in the quarter before, relative to resale. But if resale were to pop up stronger, we want to take advantage of the fact that we need inventory in the channel to maximize our return -- maximize our share. So we might now be as aggressive in burning it off as we are postulating today, which we are very aggressively postulating that we will burn off a lot of inventory in Q4. That may not be the case if resale strengthened. And so it all boils down really at the end to the strength of resale and the growth of resale. We are obviously forecasting mid single digits resale, which is something we've seen over the last six months in our business, and we continue to assume thats the case in determining the level of burn-off. So we might adjust that level of burn-off, which relates to our shipping revenues based on that resale level. Okay. What was your second question again, if you dont mind repeating?
James Schneider  Goldman Sachs: About linearity, and what you are seeing --
Hock Tan: Linearity, well, in our July quarter, the non-linearity you see is very obviously because we were starting already to see a ramp in the month of July, late in July, towards the wireless business in terms of recovery from the product transition of a major OEM. We already to start that happening partially. So there is this thing non-linearity because of that. Now coming back to this quarter, we would obviously become much more linear, because we are now in full ramp mode.
James Schneider  Goldman Sachs: Great, that's helpful. Thanks so much.
Doug Bettinger: You bet. Thanks, James.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Parag Agarwal, UBS.
Parag Agarwal  UBS: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just had a question about your manufacturing strategy. You hinted that you're increasing the capacity for bulk filters. Could you tell us what are you doing on the gallium arsenide side and also your views on whether there is room for you to differentiate on the gallium arsenide side as well?
Hock Tan: Okay, thanks. Yes, by the way, it's not -- we don't call it bulk filters. Just a small [mint] here, we call it FBAR just to differentiate somewhat a bit from -- one of friendly competitors called theirs to be, but the basic technology is bulk, you're right, is FBAR. And yeah, we invest a lot in FBAR because that's a very distinctly differentiated technology and process, especially in duplexing, in handset RF signals. We will continue, as Doug said, we're going to double our capacity over the, let's say in the 12. By middle of next year we expect to have doubled the FBAR capacity. We have a year before that, which is this year. And we expect to fully utilize it based on demand we are seeing out there. So, strategically, we think that's exactly the right thing to do. It is also a differentiated technology which is exactly in line with our business model of providing that kind of products. In turning to the other point you have, gallium arsenide. We did announce about two, three quarters ago, three quarters ago, investment in relatively small capacity in gallium arsenide HBT, used for power amplifiers. In fact, used in power -- used to produce power amplifiers we sell today, many of which are in conjunction in frontend modules with FBAR, but some discrete like the multi-mode power amplifier we have been selling this year. In answer to your question, is there differentiation? There always is generation to generation based on mainly design, some process, but mainly design. But unlike FBAR, I do want to say to you, it's hard to make that sustainable differentiation on power amplifiers, which is why our focus is really on FBAR. The reason we build that small capacity on gallium arsenide is that most of our requirements on gallium arsenide is right now outsourced through our foundry in Taiwan. We figured for second sourcing, security of supply purposes, as well as to have the ability to tweak process, improve performance of sound on power amplifiers as we need to. It's good to have a small fab in-house to be able to do that so that we can pass that process over to our foundry. But most, by far 75% of our demand, 80% of the requirements on power amplifiers, will come from our foundry.
Parag Agarwal  UBS: Okay.
Hock Tan: Yeah. That's about it.
Parag Agarwal  UBS: Okay. Next question is about RF content in the handsets. You indicated that, going into the next quarter, you're going to see a significant increase in the RF content. How much headroom do you have going forward? Do you think that every year your content is going to increase or do you see that flatting out at some point of time?
Hock Tan: First and foremost, I should be -- I apologize if I may have mis -- given you a wrong impression. Content does, in today's market on smartphones especially, will likely vary generation to generation. And it would likely, given the trend of where the technology and industry is headed, will typically -- RF content in every smartphone will keep increasing. Why? Because of the fact that you increase the amount of functionality and capability of roaming with the same handset as you move up from 2G, 3G and now LTE. So there's that underlying trend. Having said that, depending on the phone manufacturer, OEM, a particular phone may have -- may not have as much content as pulled from another OEM simply because it depends on the carrier, it depends on the region, and the band that -- and the performance they want to make this phone. So it doesn't necessary mean that it's a monotonic increase across the board as time passes on all phone. It depends on what particular phone program we are designing and what particular OEM. So it does vary. My sense is that with among some of the tier 1 guys, customers, we tend to address the very high-end smartphones, which tends to lend itself to a lot of functionality, a lot of ability to support multiple bands. And because of that, the opportunity falls to increase our content keeps growing.
Parag Agarwal  UBS: Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Parag.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Danely, JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely  JPMorgan: Thanks, guys. Hey, Hock, can you just maybe rundown your three big end-markets and also the geos? And how do you think things are playing out here? Where are you more worried? And how do you expect the recovery to look in some of the troubled end-markets and geos out there?
Hock Tan: Well, yeah. Let's start with wireless. I mean, our perception on the wireless side is, on the high-end -- on the smartphone side, things continue to look fairly strong, fairly robust. Part of it may be a matter of being able to -- fortunately on our side, as well as a strategic purpose in addressing all winners and losers in the smartphone area. And secondly, on some of those OEMs we're addressing, our business model requires us to pretty much try to differentiate our products, differentiate in a sense of better performance, and better performance typically means more content in many cases, and we have the advantage of getting that in, especially in a situation where in many OEMs where -- in certain bands, in LTE, where the use of FBAR is increasing for duplexing for filtering. So, all that is good in the direction we're headed. But we, as far as we see, that high-end handset market is still fairly robust. Turning to wide infrastructure, as I touched on lightly earlier, we see enterprise side, which is a large part of our wide infrastructure business, which is why -- which is enterprise networking and enterprise computing and storage. We see that the market has been rather -- has been very flat, almost I use the word sluggish and flat. And thats been that way now for about three, six -- almost -- at least three months, maybe even six months. Its not down, but it's not up either. And overlay on it is a sector of the business we address, which is carrier routing from service providers. And thats a lumpy kind of business. We have seen good strength or a lot of strength on the investment in it in Q3. A big part of it is going into core routing, using a lot of backhaul for wireless infrastructure investments, a big part of it. So we see that investment coming in chunks, and we sell a lot of content when that happens at very high-margin products of our fiber optics. And then -- so, but that's pretty much what we continue to see in wired infrastructure. In industrial, things have gone down a lot, things did go down a lot late last calendar year and Q1, Q2 of our fiscal year this year. And since we have been on the recovery. Recovery has been very limited, as I said, very focused in Asia, and also been relatively slow in a sense that it's mid single digits if you look at worldwide. And really what we see is China is probably growing faster than that, in maybe around 10%. But the rest of the world is kind of flattish. So it's kind of a pull, up, and when you average it out, it's mid single digit. And we see that continuing for the next six months or so. Beyond that, I don't really know. But that's our view of the world as we see it right now.
Christopher Danely  JPMorgan: Great. And then just a quick follow-up for Doug, what should we be thinking about for tax for the next fiscal year?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Chris. The way to think about tax here, our effective tax rate is 4% to 5% on a run rate basis. Quarter by quarter you get some lumpiness depending on when tax returns get filed or different true-ups each quarter depending on what's happening in each jurisdiction, but think of it as up 4% to 5% ETR.
Christopher Danely  JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Romit Shah, Nomura.
Romit Shah  Nomura: Thanks. You mentioned that, Hock, industrial would be down in October, I believe, around 5%, 6%. A lot of the analog guys like Maxim, TI and Linear, in July they guided industrial flat to up. I'm just curious if August booking trends in industrial, did they weaken relative to July or do you see something unique in your mix?
Hock Tan: No, no. Let me clarify. Sorry, maybe I wasn't clear enough. As you know, Romit, most of our industrial go to distributors, whether it be Europe. Most of it, not all, but China, Japan or the United States, North America, go through distributors, and we recognize revenue on a shipping basis to distributors. On a resale basis from distributors as well as direct OEM business we sell to certain large industrial OEMs, the revenues, resale, I should say, has been steadily recovering. As I say worldwide, we see it around mid single digits for the last couple of quarters. It's been steadily recovering. Now, a lot of that recovery comes from China where we see resale actual consumption by OEM customers in China industrial, actually growing close to double digits, 10%, early on was even faster, it kind of slowed down a bit, but it's still pretty okay. The rest of the world, be it North America, Europe, it's pretty flat. Even Europe was down, has been down, Japan and US has been pretty flat. So, average about mid single digit. And that's what we saw. What we saw last quarter, July quarter, was fairly -- was a continued recovery in industrial, especially in China. What we did was we replenished a lot of inventory in our distributors. And that's why when resale was growing last quarter, industrial resale was growing mid single digits, we were growing in the mid-teens on our shipping basis. What we're also seeing therefore in Q4 is we're pulling back on that and actually we'll likely burn inventory because what we're foreseeing is resale in industrial will continue mid single digits in our October quarter, Q4, but our ship-in to distributors, which is how we recognize most of the industrial revenue, will actually be down.
Romit Shah  Nomura: Okay. That's helpful. As a follow-up, I wanted to ask about acquisitions. You haven't been acquisitive in the past, but there are some reports that have been saying that Avago is looking to make a large deal in the, sorry, in the industrial market. Can you at least comment on your acquisition strategy in this environment where the end-markets don't seem to be bailing anyone out? Are you more inclined to do a deal?
Doug Bettinger: Romit, this is Doug. I'm going to take that one. Romit, we always look at a lot of stuff we have over our history. We'll continue to do so. I don't think that's changed necessarily, and we're not going to comment on any specific acquisition activity or targets.
Romit Shah  Nomura: Okay. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Romit.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh, Sterne Agee.
Vijay Rakesh  Sterne Agee: Yeah, hi, guys. Just on the wireless side, good work with the up 25% on the wireless side. I was just wondering when you look at your FBAR, you mentioned your capacity will increase, will double here and double again next year. Do you see any advantage in bundling your PA with your FBAR for the OEMs?
Doug Bettinger: So let me just clarify one thing, Vijay. We're doubling capacity between kind of where we were six months ago and where we'll be mid next year, it's not doubling and then doubling necessarily. Although it may, we havent made that decision yet. And then Ill let Hock take the second part of your question.
Hock Tan: Would you mind repeating the second part of your question, Vijay?
Vijay Rakesh  Sterne Agee: Yeah, I was wondering. Is there an advantage where in bundling your power amplifier with your FBAR, when you -- for the handset OEM. Do you see upside from the PA business as well as you leverage your FBAR side?
Hock Tan: Well, there are couple of advantages, most notably of which is obviously when you bundle -- when I say bundle, let me be clear about clarification. We dont sell two discrete elements together. If we do, it certainly is coincidental more than pre-planned, because the customer, the OEM customer can design and have a duplexer, which is one an FBAR is, quite differently and laying it out then from designing in a power amplifier, that discrete element. What we do is many customers in architecting their [look] of their handsets would find it beneficial, and we totally agree. We find it beneficial that you put a power amplifier and a duplexer on the same -- of handling the same spectrum, the same band, in a single package. They call it a frontend module, and it gives a lot of flexibility in design. We'd like to believe by matching the duplexer with a power amplifier ourselves, we optimize yield by optimized performance itself. And of course for us it's increased content. It doesnt necessarily improve our gross margin or product margin, in fact usually it doesnt, as opposed to selling a discrete FBAR. But it definitely increase the content and it definitely, in our minds, improve design flexibility for the OEM customer.
Vijay Rakesh  Sterne Agee: Got it. Just a follow-up here, [not to be my epiphany], but when you look at your gross margins and [inaudible] you have some headwinds here, right? I mean your industrial is weak and your FBAR is -- wireless you are just bringing in house. But as you look out a couple of quarters when you see a recovery in industrial and probably you saw the FBAR is in-house, where do you see your gross margins move?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Vijay, I'm not going to give gross margin guidance more than one quarter at a time. Our business model hasn't changed. Our medium to long-term business model is gross margin between 50% and 53%. We're not changing that. There's ups and downs each quarter and I'll talk to you about that each quarter.
Vijay Rakesh  Sterne Agee: Got it. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Vijay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brendan Furlong of Miller Tabak.
Brendan Furlong  Miller Tabak: Just a couple of loose ends more than anything else here. On the consumer side, the roughly $10 million or $11 million for next quarter, a little bit higher than we would have thought. Is there some end of life stuff left in there and is the run rate for that on a go forward basis is more in $5 million, $6 million, $7 million type of levels?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, there is a couple million dollars of carryover in there Brendan, things that are there in Q4 that would go away. I would expect this to be below $10 million on a steady state basis as we get out of the current quarter in front of us.
Brendan Furlong  Miller Tabak: Okay, perfect. Thanks. And then I guess on the OpEx, came in nicely below and the guidance looks pretty decent, but how should we directionally or whatever way you want to couch this, think about OpEx into fiscal '13?
Doug Bettinger: The way to think about OpEx here is we have a business model that we invest to. We want R&D as a percent of revenue to be around 14%. So as revenue goes up, we'll tend to spend more; as revenue goes down, we may spend a little bit less. SG&A is around 7%. I'm pretty pleased that we've gotten it down to 7%. We are not going to let that tick back up. But that steady state investment in R&D is required to keep the business growing the way we wanted to grow long-term. So it's not going to change too much from there.
Brendan Furlong  Miller Tabak: Okay, thanks. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Brendan.
Operator: Our next question come from Joanne Feeney, Longbow Research.
Joanne Feeney  Longbow Research: Hi. Thanks. And congrats on a nice quarter, folks.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Joanne.
Joanne Feeney  Longbow Research: So could you perhaps give us a breakdown on your industrial exposure, geographically?
Doug Bettinger: You want to take that one.
Hock Tan: Geographically?
Doug Bettinger: You're asking region by region, Joanne?
Joanne Feeney  Longbow Research: Yeah, Europe versus Asia versus North America.
Hock Tan: Roughly industrial, that's a tough one. Roughly, I would say, yeah, it's -- this is where we ship revenue, not necessarily where we design. It gets transferred to Asia to be built. I would say it's interesting in that regard. It's probably about -- Europe, Asia, is probably around the same amount and they probably comprise 60% between the two of them. And Japan and North America takes the other 40%. So, you may say 30%, 30%, 20%, 20%.
Joanne Feeney  Longbow Research: Perfect. Thanks. And then could you give us a breakdown between the industrial and the automotive within that category?
Hock Tan: Our automotive is really very small.
Joanne Feeney  Longbow Research: Okay.
Hock Tan: It's very, very small. Of the total industrial, our automotive is probably about less than 10%.
Doug Bettinger: It's less than 10, Joanne.
Joanne Feeney  Longbow Research: Okay, great. And then back to industrial for just a second, so, inventories climbed as your shipment exceeded resale. Was that a fairly constant pattern over the course of the quarter? How were things at the beginning of the quarter versus the end of the quarter in that regard?
Hock Tan: It was relatively constant. Well, it comes in spurts. Beginning quarter was pretty strong. Slowdown middle quarter and restarted again by the end of the quarter.
Joanne Feeney  Longbow Research: Are you referring to resales Hock, or ship-in?
Hock Tan: Ship-in.
Doug Bettinger: Ship-in, Joanne.
Hock Tan: Ship-in.
Joanne Feeney  Longbow Research: And more resales fairly --
Hock Tan: It tends to follow resale. With a little lag. You know how distributors are like. They see a strong resale, they jump at it and they rush. So there is a lag.
Joanne Feeney  Longbow Research: Okay. And then you were talking earlier about the discrete parts you sell versus the integrated FEMs and then FBAR versus PAs. Do you have -- happened to have a split you could give us between the revenues you derive from discrete parts versus from the integrated FEM?
Hock Tan: Not with me right now and I'm very low to give it to you because it varies every -- it varies a lot. It fluctuates, because every -- just about every OEM handset maker has a different architecture, and it depends on mix in each OEM that dictates the mix in our products.
Joanne Feeney  Longbow Research: So it sounds like that varies then pretty significantly, even among your top two customers?
Hock Tan: No comment.
Doug Bettinger: It varies a lot, Joanne.
Joanne Feeney  Longbow Research: And then finally, if I could sneak one more in, you talked in the past about some traction with the China smartphone makers. I'm wondering if you could give us an update on how that's going.
Hock Tan: Well, we continue to have pretty good traction among the Chinese whitebox guys and data card manufacturers too I might add, because as you, know both Huawei and ZTE are among the largest two data card manufacturers in the world, and they also make smartphones. And we've pretty good traction with pretty much all of them, as well as small tier 2 guys like Lenovos and a few -- a bunch of other names. It's just the strength of our sales organization in China that enables us to keep sustaining that business.
Joanne Feeney  Longbow Research: Okay. Thanks. That's it for me. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Joanne.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis, Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis  Jefferies & Co.: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Do you guys have a sense of what percentage of LTE phones or designs that are out there that you're seeing the FBAR filter penetrate?
Hock Tan: No, I don't have the answer. It's very hard -- again it's a very hard question to answer because not every LTE phone would use FBAR. First of all, it depends on the bands. Certain bands are more -- are harder for signals to receive which is what a lot on FBAR filters do. So it tends to favor the use of FBAR, but then at the end of the day, depending on the OEM manufacture, how important is it to then strategically philosophically that they want superb performance, because buying an FBAR would require them to pay a premium, typically. So they may choose not to. So it gets rather subjective on what -- who uses FBAR versus who doesn't.
Mark Lipacis  Jefferies & Co.: I understand that it's a function of OEMs. I was wondering if your own market research suggested, are we talking -- if you have a view like is this -- you're talking like 10% of the LTE market or a lot more than that, where you think you likely have the opportunity to tackle?
Hock Tan: I'll give you one. At the resale sounding a bit high pitch about our business model. If you sit here right now, last quarter or this quarter, or last quarter, I would probably say LTE phones using FBAR could be 20%. If you ask me a year ago -- a year from now, I would probably say 50%, 40%, 50%.
Mark Lipacis  Jefferies & Co.: Fair enough. Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Ian Ing, Lazard Capital.
Ian Ing  Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks for fitting me in. Just to follow up on the RF discussion. As OEM build 3G and 4G world zones, I think we understand you got nice opportunity as higher PIN filter content, but really how many OEMs eventually go to that model when you look at companies like Samsung? So, you got the big two doing different strategies there? Thanks.
Doug Bettinger: Well, that's a $10,000 question. I don't think we know who is going to architect their phones in which way. You're right, you have two that are on polar ends of how they do things and everybody else probably fits partway in between.
Ian Ing  Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. And then Hock maybe just briefly on uncertain demand of carrier routing. I'm trying to reconcile that with Cisco's comments which were more positive in a tough environment. Is it lumpy orders and short lead times or some underlying softness here you think?
Hock Tan: Carrier routing is always lumpy and very often very short lead times as far as equipment and even our fiber is concerned. See, our products go into a very specific area in carrier routing. We're not that much in EDGE routing; we're very much in the core routing side. So you're really talking about few OEM customer who do core routing and just as few service providers who use those kinds of throughput, core routing throughput in their networks associated in backhaul. So, yeah, it gets very lumpy necessarily, but it's very substantial and very profitable, but very lumpy. So, you're right. I mean, you read -- even as you say, you read the Cisco remarks, it's hard to figure from it how it translates to our business outlook. All I can tell you is, what we saw last quarter, which was pretty good and what we feel is likely to happen given how strong it is last quarter in this current Q4.
Ian Ing  Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you much.
Hock Tan: Thanks.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Tom Krause: Thank you, operator. Before we close, I'd like to remind everyone that Avago will meet with investors at the Morgan Stanley Corporate Access Day in Chicago on August 22. We'll also present at the Citi Tech Conference in New York on September 6 and at the Deutsche Bank Tech Conference in Las Vegas on September 13. Thank you for participating in today's earnings call. We look forward to talking with you again when we report our fourth quarter fiscal year 2012 financial results in early December. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-05-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Krause  VP, Corporate Development Hock Tan  President CEO Doug Bettinger  SVP, CFO
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Romit Shah  Nomura Securities Dean  Citi Mark Lipacis  Jefferies Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch  Joanne Feeney  Longbow Research Brendan Furlong  Miller Tabak Ian Ing  Lazard Capital Markets Vijay Rakesh - Sterne Agee Chris Danely - JP Morgan [Sean Bocky] - JP Morgan Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley Blaine Carroll - Avian Securities Edward Snyder  Charter Equity
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second quarter 2012 Avago Technologies earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today, Mr. Tom Kraus, vice president of corporate development and investor relationships. Please proceed. 
Thomas Krause: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, president and CEO, and Doug Bettinger, chief financial officer of Avago Technologies. After the market closed today, Avago distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the second quarter of fiscal year 2012. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain a copy of the information from the Investor section of Avagos website at avagotech.com.  This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will also be archived in the Investor section of our website at avagotech.com. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Doug will be providing details of our Q2 fiscal year 2012 results, background to our Q3 2012 outlook, and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to the US GAAP reporting, Avago reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you Tom. Good afternoon everyone. Were going to start today by reviewing recent end market business highlights. Then Doug will provide a summary of our second quarter financial results. Revenue for Q2 was $577 million, which was at the midpoint of our guidance. This was up 2.5% from Q1, but only up 3% from the same quarter last year. While results for our wireless and wireline markets were in line with expectations, our industrial revenue came in stronger than we had forecasted. Nevertheless, year over year industrial was still down 26%. In contrast, however, wireless was up a strong 26%.  As we also discussed in our last earnings call, we saw stabilization of the industrial market as we entered Q2. However, as March came around, we started to experience strong recovery in China. As I sit here today, we believe the industrial market is now on a solid path to recovery, with Asia-Pacific leading the way, but Europe and North America continuing to ladies and gentlemen somewhat. Let me now provide more color on our end markets. Starting with wireless, to put it in perspective, the first half of our fiscal year would typically experience seasonal weakness. However, as you may recall, it was not that way in Q1 this fiscal year. In fact, wireless revenue in Q1 was robust, as we ramped up volume at a major OEM. This held up in Q2 despite normal seasonality in the broader industry. As a result, year over year our wireless revenue grew a strong 26%, and in total revenue from wireless represented 44% of our second fiscal quarter revenues, of which approximately 3/4 were derived from smartphones.  Now looking to Q3, we do see two near term challenges to sequential seasonal growth. The first is the constraint on the availability of Qualcomms next generation 28 nanometer fully integrated LTE baseband, where we have been very well positioned. This constraint will limit our revenue from multiple OEMs this quarter, and could negatively impact growth in Q3 by approximately $8-12 million. Secondly, the ramp we enjoyed in Q1 and sustained in Q2 at a major OEM is now facing a significant product transition, and could impact our Q3 wireless revenue by another $10-15 million.  Based on these two factors, we expect our wireless revenue to be flat, maybe slightly down, in what would otherwise be a seasonally up quarter in Q3. Having said all that, we expect shipments for the Qualcomms 28 nanometer baseband to reflect pent up demand in our fiscal Q4.  We also expect completion of the product transition and ramp of the next generation product at that major OEM to drive fiscal Q4 wireless revenue growth again. And in fact to prepare for this ramp in Q2, we invested approximately $40 million in process improvements and added capacity, and we plan to invest roughly another $45 million this quarter and reposition over $15 million of inventory ahead of this ramp today.  Turning to industrial and automotive target markets, revenue here accounted for 22% of Q2 revenues, and grew 9% sequentially. But I must emphasize, this level is still 26% below the same quarter a year ago. As I mentioned earlier, during the quarter we saw the industrial market start to recover. China demand returned in Q2, up over 25% quarter-over-quarter growth, and we expect the momentum to continue in Q3, driven by resumption of investment in power generation and distribution as well as for machine tools and factory automation. Spending in high-speed transportation has also resumed, though much of this spending appears to be benefiting largely indigenous industrial companies to date.  Japan, North America, and Europe have largely depended on exports to emerging economies, and are still in the very early stages of recovery due to a lag in their supply chains. As our OEM customers in these geographies recover, however, driven by China, we expect growth of our industrial revenue to accelerate to the mid-teens sequentially in Q3.  Moving on to wired infrastructure, revenue here represented around 30% of Q2 revenues. As we expected, this revenue grew 4% sequentially, but a rather disappointing 5% from the quarter a year ago. While we continue to gain share in our SerDes-based ASICs going into data center switching, we are achieving this in a conservative demand environment for enterprise networking and carrier routing.  Notwithstanding this rather flattish revenue, design wins were strong in Q2, as we continued to secure next generation programs in the enterprise for 40G optical interconnect and more complex, low-latency, low-power data center switches. Weve also secured successfully designing into next generation core routing for 50G and 100G optical interconnects. But really what drives, for us, short term revenue is the conversion to 10G in networking and computing, and it should continue to drive sequential revenue growth in the low to mid-single digits, even in this uncertain environment.  Finally, revenue from consumer markets continued to be a small portion of our quarterly totals, and represented only 5% of our Q2 revenues. This was a decline of 9% sequentially, flat from a year ago. Continuing this mode of harvesting our non-strategic and mature products here in consumer, we have decided to convert the business model of manufacturing and selling products to one of licensing designs and related IP, thus securing a future royalty stream instead of product sales.  So to sum up, in Q2 we grew 2% sequentially, driven largely by industrial and automotive, despite an uninspiring demand environment for wired infrastructure. For Q3, while we do not expect a typical seasonal uptick in wireless, we expect strong continuing industrial recovery to drive overall revenue growth of between 3% and 6% from Q2. As I mentioned earlier, we expect Q3 to be the transition into a strong revenue ramp in Q4 for our wireless business. Coupling this with continued recovery of industrial markets worldwide, we feel good about significant uptick in our Q4 consolidated revenue. Before I turn this call over to Doug, I would like to inform you of a recent material development. As you all know, we have been in litigation with Triquint on several issues related to FBAR and BAW filters. We now have reached a settlement with Triquint, unfortunately the terms of which are confidential between the two parties. One thing that I can tell you, though, is the settlement will have a favorable financial impact for Avago. With that, let me now turn the call over to Doug for a more detailed review of our second quarter 2012 financials. 
Doug Bettinger: Thank you Hock, and good afternoon everyone. Before reviewing the second quarter fiscal 2012 financial results, I want to remind you that my comments today, as always, will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release that we issued today, and its also available on our website at Avagotech.com. Avago Q2 revenue of $577 million increased 2.5% from last quarter, and 3% versus the same quarter a year ago. This sequential increase was in line with our expectations. And as Hock reviewed, revenue from our industrial target market came in stronger than we expected. Revenue from our wired and wireless target market came in approximately as we expected. And then finally, for the consumer target market, revenue declined 9% sequentially, and this was a little bit worse than we expected. Last quarter we disclosed that Foxconn was a greater than 10% customer, and I want to let you know that they continued to be one this quarter as well. Distribution resales during the quarter grew sequentially nearly double digits, while inventory at our distributors grew in the low single digits. As a result of this, months of supply and distribution obviously declined. We remain encouraged by the trend in distribution resales were seeing today.  Our Q2 gross margin was 51.1%, and this increased 50 basis points from last quarter, and it was also in the upper half of our guided range. The positive gross margin result was helped by a favorable product mix from stronger industrial market revenue. So now turning to operating expenses, R&D expenses for Q2 increased by $1 million to $79 million. SG&A also increased by $1 million to $45 million. Id like to point out that these spending increases were partially offset by spending reductions due to lower variable compensation accruals. As a percentage of sales, R&D remained at 14%, and SG&A remained at 8% of net revenues.  Income from operations for the quarter increased by $8 million sequentially to $171 million, and this represented 29.6% of net revenue. Compared to the $167 million for Q2 of last year, operational income increased by $4 million. Below the operating income line, we recorded a net gain of $3 million due to several factors, most notably from interest income as well as favorable foreign currency translations. Taxes of $6 million for Q2 were $1 million higher than the prior quarter. Q2 net income of $168 million increased 8% from the prior quarter, and Q2 earnings per diluted share of $0.66 was $0.04 higher than Q1. Compared to Q2 of last year, net income was $3 million higher, and for earnings per diluted share, it was $0.02 higher. And then just to summarize a little bit, the sequential increase in Q2 earnings was primarily attributed to higher gross margin and continued spending controls. Our share-based compensation in Q2 was $13 million. The breakdown of this expense for Q2 includes $2 million in cost of goods sold, $5 million in R&D, and $6 million in SG&A. In Q3 we anticipate share-based compensation will be approximately $15 million. And just a reminder, the companys definition of non-GAAP net income excludes the share-based compensation expense.  So now let me move to the balance sheet. Our days sales outstanding came in at 43 days. This was down 7 days from the prior quarter, as we benefitted from collections from shipments earlier in the quarter, the timing of Chinese New Year, and a continued strong focus on collections.  Our inventory ended at $218 million, which was an increase of $25 million from Q1. Days on hand were 70 days, which increased 7 days from Q1. And as I stated in our last earnings call, we thought inventory would go up in Q2, which it did. This inventory growth is associated with higher revenue levels, builds to manage capacity as we head into a stronger Q4, as well as a purchase of wafers that enabled enhanced cost reductions from a specific supplier. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $954 million, and we generated $211 million in operating cash flow. We spent $56 million in total on new capital equipment purchases. For Q3 we expect capex to be in the range of $63-73 million. At the beginning of the year, I told you our capex was expected to be approximately $200 million for the full year 2012. I now expect it will come in higher than that, as we are adding incremental FBAR filter capacity to support new business needs. In the quarter, the company consumed $6 million in stock repurchases. We essentially paused our repurchases during most of the quarter due to the timing of the annual shareholder vote on the authorization. After the shareholder vote, our board of directors authorized the company to repurchase up to an additional 15 million of our ordinary shares. On March 30 of 2012, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.13 per ordinary share, and this consumed $32 million of cash. The dividend was raised by $0.01 from the prior quarter, and since the inception of our dividend program in Q1 of 2011, we have continued to increase our dividend each quarter. We also continue to evaluate potential strategic investments and acquisitions as another way of deploying cash to maximize the return to our shareholders.  So just to summarize my points regarding cash flow, our Q2 cash level shows that our cash generating capability continues to be strong despite higher cash outlays for capital equipment and increasing dividends for our shareholders. Now let me cover the balance of our non-GAAP guidance for the third quarter of fiscal 2012. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions, and we do not intend to update this guidance. Revenue is expected to increase 3-6% sequentially from Q2. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 51.5% plus or minus 75 basis points. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $129 million, the increase being driven by incremental R&D project spending. Interest and other is projected to be approximately $1 million. Taxes are forecasted to be approximately $7 million. And finally, the diluted share count forecast is for 254 million shares. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, if you would, please open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Your first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: The wireless side, Hock, you talked about roughly $22 million at the midpoint of impacts from those two drivers with Qualcomms issues, and then a product changeover. When you look out, is that the sort of magnitude you expect to snap back wholly in the October quarter? How should we think about those revenues coming back? 
Hock Tan: [laughter] No, theres no connection really with the snap back in the October quarter, between these product transitions. Remember, a product transition is from an older product, existing generation product, which is tailing off, and a total new ramp in Q4. So theres no connection in that regard. With respect to the support devices for the Qualcomm 28 nanometers, 8000 series baseband, yeah, there is probably some connection to the extent that we missed it this quarter. It will likely pop up next quarter. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Doug, on the opex side of things, you mentioned that variable costs were down a little bit as an offset against other increases in your April quarter. How variable is your cost structure, and how should we think about that, especially again in the October quarter, where youre talking pretty favorably about your revenue outlook? 
Doug Bettinger: The way to think about it is really the variability is in kind of our bonus program. It varies depending on our outlook for the fiscal year. We kind of get paid on fiscal year attainment of certain financial metrics, and so assuming Im estimating that accurately right now, it shouldnt swing all over the place as we go forward into Q4.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura. Please proceed. 
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: Hock, just coming back to wireless, we see all the same dynamics in wireless in terms of who is winning at the end customer level. You highlighted a product transition at one OEM. Im wondering, when you look at design wins, are you seeing any impact, or would you expect to see any impact, from share loss? 
Hock Tan: Im not sure I understand. Share loss? What do you mean, share loss? 
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: If you look at your leading customers in the wireless space, theres been some commentary from some of your competitors that their presence is improving at some of the larger handset ramps, and Im wondering, as you look out at design wins that will go into production over the next 3 to 6 months, do you think there could be any impact to your market share versus what you saw in prior generations? 
Hock Tan: Well, to start with, we never focus on market share as a company. And number two, if I add up what every competitor says, everybody probably has in total more than 100% share in this market. But to answer your question, we really dont want to comment on market share at all. Ill stick to my comments, which is were now in the midst of positioning ourselves and preparing ourselves as we go through a major product transition in a major OEM this quarter and the Q3 quarter, because we fully are planning for a fairly substantial product ramp of our business in wireless next quarter. 
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: I guess going back to Rosss question, if youve got $20-25 million thats going away this quarter because of that transition and some constraints, why wouldnt you get at least that much back in October considering seasonality is also in your favor? 
Hock Tan: Well, I think the way I answered Ross was wed probably get more than that. And the reason is you look at it as two separate events. One is for the constraints on the baseband. One that is missed out this quarter will reappear, likely, next quarter. If not in whole, at least in part. On the constraint of baseband to support it. With respect to product transition, the other issue, thats a separate issue. That one relates to two events. One event is existing product that is heading down, that is declining because of product lifecycle, and a new product that will be ramping only next quarter. In between, thats the other aspect of the product transition that were talking about. And that will be translated to numbers. The number impact I mentioned of $10-15 million for that product transition third quarter has necessarily no connection to what would be ramping up next quarter at all. 
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: And then product transitions aside, as you look at your business more broadly, Im sure you guys have heard about some of the issues in Europe, and Im wondering if youve seen any impact or change to your weekly order patterns in the last 30 days. 
Hock Tan: In Europe? 
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: Not Europe specifically, just looking at your business, lets say, outside of wireless. 
Hock Tan: Well, outside of wireless, were talking industrial, and industrial has been, as I mentioned, since March of this quarter, has been from a flat position. Demand has been steadily climbing. Thats, in fact, in a lot of my remarks that has been the major point I have been making in this commentary here, which is it is industrial, a sharp industrial recovery out of Asia, that is driving, for this quarter especially, and part of last quarter, a big part of our revenue growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi. Please proceed. 
Dean  Citi: Hi guys, this is Dean speaking for Terence. I wanted to ask a little bit about capex. The fiscal year 2012 capex increased from $200 million to higher. Is this additional expansion compared to your original plan? And also, are you adding capacity for both FBAR and power amplifiers? 
Doug Bettinger: Yes, it is incremental capacity. And it is primarily focused in the wireless business, both FBAR as well as [unintelligible]. 
Dean  Citi: Now you have settled all the claims between Avago and Triquint, and from our Asia analysts we heard a Japanese company called Taiyo Yuden, their CEO claims Taiyo Yuden has starting manifesting FBAR filters since November 2011. So can you comment a little bit for that part? Is there any cross licensing between Avago and Taiyo Yuden? 
Hock Tan: Let me answer your second question first. There is no cross license between us and Taiyo Yuden, and other than that I have no comment to make on the claims Taiyo Yuden may have made in their press releases. 
Dean  Citi: If I may, just a quick follow up. Can you comment on the dynamics for the FBAR filter market in the future? If now we have two major players - there could be a third one - what do you expect the dynamics could be? 
Hock Tan: Well, I dont know. Thats pretty presumptuous, how many players you say there would be. As far as were concerned in FBAR, theres really only one major player, and thats us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis with Jefferies. Please proceed. 
Mark Lipacis  Jefferies: On the industrial growth, can you sort of give us a rough breakout of how that business breaks out between developed markets and developing markets? And you may have said this, but was this driven by distributors building inventories, or do you think this is selling through? 
Hock Tan: Okay, to answer that question, its hard to break it down between developed and developing, and its not because we dont have the simple, raw data, or whether we sell the products into Europe or U.S., versus selling into China, say.  We have that data, but it doesnt tell the whole story, because a lot of the large, multinational industrial OEMs we sell our products to in Europe or Japan or U.S. re-export their systems, their equipment, into China, into these emerging countries. So the end demand really comes a lot from China too. And splitting the two up makes less sense, but I would tell you this, the big driver in growth that we see here is out of China right now, directly or indirectly. We believe its out of China.  And the second part of your question is this end demand alluded to by Doug in his comments about distributors, resales, and all that. Were measuring purely resales. There are some large OEMs we sell direct, and others we go through distributors, but we are measuring the strength coming from resale of products to end customers, from distributors or directly to OEM customers. 
Mark Lipacis  Jefferies: And the transition in the consumer business to more of an intellectual property model, or licensing model, how does that transition play out over time? And whats the impact to the business model for you guys? 
Hock Tan: Well, its less than 5% of our revenues today, and over time instead of a stream of revenues from product sales, it will become a stream of royalties. So obviously the revenue will be smaller, simply because its royalty revenues, and this will take effect from basically our fiscal Q4. 
Doug Bettinger: Mark, the revenue will be smaller, and the profit margin will be higher. 
Mark Lipacis  Jefferies: Fair enough. Last question, you said the patent settlement will be favorable. Are you talking on the top line, or some other line in the income statement? 
Doug Bettinger: The agreements confidential, so we cant be more specific than what Hock already said. Sorry about that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : Hock, one more on wireless. Not related to market share, but if you look at your RF content per phone, at your top one or two wireless customers, do you expect that to stay flat or go up or down over the next few quarters? And what will drive that? Will it be more power amplifiers or filters that drive that change? 
Hock Tan: To answer your question more generically than anything else, because I cant really tell you anything beyond one generation at a time in terms of specific design wins. But if you look at it from a trend point of view, smartphones going from 3G to 4G, and having to support all these bands, all those major bands going around, we expect our content in those smartphones to continue to stably increase.  Quarter on quarter, depending on mix of individual accounts and the phones we support in those individual accounts, and the content we have, that might somewhat move around, but on a trended basis, its steadily going up, simply because theres more content of both duplexes and power amplifiers.  But from a duplex point of view, you cannot integrate duplexes. So every new band requires one duplex. So duplex will linearly scale up volume-wise as more bands are supported by any cellphone. Power amplifiers do get integrated and may not scale up equally. But we do both expect content to increase from both sides, except we expect FBAR to increase faster, from our perspective, than power amplifiers. 
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : And then one for Doug on the gross margins. I think you were giving some hints about Q4 trends. Im curious, as that wireless mix comes back up, how should we think about the gross margins? I think the last quarter, October last year, when you had the big quarter for wireless growth, you had a few tens of basis points of margin compression because of the wireless growth. Do we expect something similar in Q4? And then structurally, how should we think about gross margins longer term if wireless continues to be the driver of top line growth? 
Doug Bettinger: Im not going to guide Q4 gross margin for you right now, but I think Ive told you before that the wireless gross margin of that business in total is a little bit below the corporate average. So if that gets to be a bigger percentage, everything else equal, gross margins will pull back ever so slightly. Understand though, what you also have going on here is what we see as a recovery in industrial, which is very good profit margin. So not giving you the complete story on Q4 yet, because Im not quite sure, those things could offset one another. 
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : Hock, when do you expect the infrastructure side to get back up? Because everyone talks about a lot of LTE phones coming on the network, but nobody talks about anyone investing in the LTE networks. So when do you expect those more capex and infrastructure related sales to trend back up? 
Hock Tan: On wireless infrastructure investment, to be honest, I dont know. Its always been very lumpy, or spotty is the best way to describe it. And we see that constantly. Carrier spending, service provider spending, has always been very hard to predict. So I would not attempt to make any try at it. Having said that, our percentage of revenue going into wireless infrastructure as we have indicated before and mentioned earlier, its a pretty small percentage of overall revenues. So the impact on that, while positive for us, if theres any growth, its not that major in this specific area of wireless infrastructure. 
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : But even as it relates to your wired environment, what is the impact of telco capex and infrastructure spending? 
Hock Tan: Most of our wired infrastructure revenue derives a lot - not totally - from enterprise networking and computing. Less so on telco. The only area we do have some exposure to is really in the space of edge and core routing for our very specific, unique, high-bandwidth fiber interconnects. Outside of that, we dont do much in transport, or data transport, in telco basically. Were mainly focused on enterprise. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joanne Feeney with Longbow Research. Please proceed. 
Joanne Feeney  Longbow Research: I was wondering, given the midyear lull were seeing in wireless, plus the earlier recovery, perhaps, in industrial, do you feel like youre still on track to achieve the midterm model targets this year? 
Doug Bettinger: Were not going to make the revenue growth. We try to grow 10-12% a year every year. Were obviously not going to get there. The rest of the metrics, I think well be right in the ranges on. 
Joanne Feeney  Longbow Research: In terms of the wireless side, perhaps you could give us an update on the impact of the Triquint resolution, at least as it affects your FBAR prospects. 
Hock Tan: I dont think theres really any major impact, at least not in the short term, that we can discern. Not really in the longer term either, frankly. Because I think the demand for FBAR, as used in duplexes and smartphones, has rapidly increased over the last few years, pretty rapidly, which is part of the impetus for pushing this settlement resolution. Basically, the demand for FBAR is pretty good right now. 
Doug Bettinger: If you look at it, demand outstrips the supply today. 
Hock Tan: So why would we be fighting? 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak. Please proceed. 
Brendan Furlong  Miller Tabak: Just a question on the higher opex guidance for the July quarter. And you mentioned something about some incremental R&D spending. Just wondering, is that the new baseline we should think about going forward? 
Doug Bettinger: In terms of the R&D investment, yeah, it probably is, Brendan. The one comment I made a little bit earlier, I forget who asked the question, about the variability due to the variable bonus accruals, that can move things up or down depending on how our prognosis for the rest of the year looks. But assuming that doesnt change, its kind of the level you should expect us to be at for the near term. 
Brendan Furlong  Miller Tabak: And a quick one for Hock then. On the industrial revenues coming back pretty strongly, have you any sense of, particularly in the Asian, Chinese markets, the distributor inventory levels. And they obviously took them down hard when you were down 26% year over year, but what do you think those disty levels are now. And can we continue to see some incremental growth there? 
Hock Tan: The key measure, when I talked about a sharp recovery in the industrial market in China, Asia-Pacific, is that we are seeing end demand resale from our distributors out to their end customers really accelerating at a fairly rapid pace. So obviously, distributor inventory has come down pretty sharply since then.  Now, part of the reason for that sharp uptick would be that the Chinese companies have, during the industrial downturn in 2011, starting from early 2011 onto the rest of 2011, have brought down the level inventory they were holding in the OEMs, not distributors, in the OEMs, fairly sharply. So no surprise, typically, that they would be the first to bounce back on any increase in industrial infrastructure demand.  The larger OEMs, multinational OEMs, I would say, as I indicated in my remarks, tend to have a much longer supply chain, and would therefore lag behind those indigenous Chinese companies who probably are showing what I call the early indicators of a recovery in industrial demand over there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Ing with Lazard Capital Markets. Please proceed. 
Ian Ing  Lazard Capital Markets: First question is for the industrial recovery. What are the prospects of recovering closer to the prior run rates? Or do you see some permanent adjustments due to some macro issues or changes in normal inventory levels? 
Hock Tan: I dont know the answer to your question. Its a good question. I keep throwing out to you guys that were still 26% year on year from 2011, if you look at last quarter on industrial, which Im kind of trying to hint to you that weve got room to grow. But would it go to that level? I dont know the answer, honestly. Would it even surpass? I dont know. I dont know what drives it.  I believe something new that is driving it is the fact that one more renewable is floating around now, and that tends to be of a more permanent nature. How long that will last, who knows? And two is automotive, though that moves more slowly, more automotives are going electric and hybrid, and they tend to use more of the optical isolation products than, say, they did two or three years ago. So maybe that might have an impact, but Im not sure thats material. So to answer your question, Im only guessing. I dont know the answer. 
Ian Ing  Lazard Capital Markets: And maybe the wireless content question, Ill rephrase that in a way. Youve talked in the past about $6-7 as a high water mark for smartphone content for Wimax phones. You know, Sprint is repurposing their network for the prepaid. So how much of a reset is the high water mark when you look at LTE phones in terms of content? 
Hock Tan: You know, I dont want to give you guys the wrong expectation, because if I tell you $5-6 phones, yeah, its real. Its also hyping. Because nobody is necessarily buying all $5-6 from one guy of the content for any one phone necessarily. So you know, by the time they split up the business, like for some of the components, I can be differentiated. So to give it to my competitor. So it may end up $4, and that might be a more realistic picture. But theoretically, an LTE phone, roaming, world phone, could have that level of content, $6-8. 
Ian Ing  Lazard Capital Markets: But not in the near term, more like over time it sounds like. 
Hock Tan: It can be in the near term if there are OEMs who build phones that are able to roam in multiple geographies over multiple bands. Multimode, multiband phones is the term they use for it. Yes, it could reach that content right now, theoretically. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Sterne Agee. Please proceed. 
Vijay Rakesh - Sterne Agee: Just on the whole gallium arsenide side, if you pull that capacity in house, how do you see that affecting the margins? 
Hock Tan: It will improve it. Thats a given. But were not taking a lot of it. Most of our capex investment - I want to add on to what Doug was saying - is really in FBAR. As Doug was saying, we have more FBAR demand now than currently have capacity, which is why were making all this big, substantial, accelerated investments to up our capacity and process in FBAR. We did, also, earlier on, make some investment in gallium arsenide capacity, but thats only a relatively small percentage of our overall demand. Much of our demand is still outsourced for gallium arsenide. 
Vijay Rakesh - Sterne Agee: And also, as you look at the whole data center side, outside of telcos, that should be growing very nicely for you with the Intel Romley and all that coming on. How do you see that in the second half? 
Hock Tan: Yeah, its continuing to grow, but as I always say, in wired infrastructure, on enterprise, its a steady Eddie. Our enterprise networking and computing business, as I said, is still growing, but at a more subdued, moderate rate than it had been a year ago or the last few years. And part of it, I suspect, is what we hear about a conservative demand environment in enterprise spending. That may lead to that. But were continuing to grow, and part of it is because were continuing to gain some share in data center switching.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with JP Morgan. Please proceed. 
[Sean Bocky] - JP Morgan: Hi guys, this is [Sean Bocky] calling in for Chris. Can you comment really quickly on the linearity of the bookings throughout the quarter? I know you mentioned March was especially strong, industrial side. I was just wondering, was April really stronger in terms of bookings, or as good as March? 
Hock Tan: It was pretty linear until the last part of the quarter when it stepped up sharply. 
[Sean Bocky] - JP Morgan: And then on the inventory side, I know youve talked about wanting to build a little bit in advance of some of these new product launches. How should we think about it over the next couple of quarters? Do you expect to work it down kind of to the mid-60 day level, or is this kind of a new norm for you guys given some of the new products coming online? 
Doug Bettinger: No, it will be flattish, I think, in dollar terms, and our inventory model is 60-70 days of inventory. And Im not changing that, so were at the higher end. And we did it for the reasons I outlined in my prepared remarks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Devgan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 
Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley: I guess the first question for Doug, just to kind of follow up on some of the opex questions that were asked earlier, with the resolution of the Triquint litigation, Ive got to think that theres some kind of an unwind in the SG&A bucket with respect to litigation expenses going forward. I was wondering, given the opex uptick next quarter, does that encompass kind of a step down in litigation expense? Or is that still something that could kind of unwind later on, and that could prove to be a benefit down the road? 
Doug Bettinger: Litigation expenses are stepping down in the number that I gave you. You know, Ive never specifically disclosed the quantum that we were spending on litigation, but Ill tell you, we werent spending anywhere near the level of the number that Triquint was talking about. So dont have that in your mind. But it is stepping down a little bit. 
Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley: And just to follow up, for Hock I guess, you talked about a conservative enterprise environment. In spite of that, youre going to grow kind of low to mid-single digits next quarter given some of the share gain opportunities you have in the wired infrastructure space. And historically, you guys have kind of talked about a doubling of the portion of this business over the next three years. Were a couple years into that. I was wondering if you could talk to how we should think about this business longer term. Are there additional opportunities? Is it still too early to kind of lay out a new framework for this business? Any thoughts would be greatly appreciated. 
Hock Tan: No, we havent changed our long term business model. If you look back over the last two years, weve grown 30% a year roughly in this business. What were seeing now, I think, is a somewhat, I hope, near term change in thinking, where enterprise seems to have held back somewhat on spending. But over the longer term, given bandwidth requirements - and you heard that story all over - we still see a lot of demand. And the best indicator of it is the fact that design wins are, in this area, at an all-time high. So theres a lot of designs going on for new next-generation products which well always [unintelligible]. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blaine Carroll with Avian Securities. Please proceed. 
Blaine Carroll - Avian Securities: A couple questions if I can. Hock, first of all, when you look at the wireless business, and youre talking about the bands. As you look at a phone today, versus a phone in six months, and a year from now, how many bands do you see being incorporated into some of these world phones? And then concurrently with that is, as you look at the bands for the FBAR - I know its very popular in band two, but what other bands do you see strong demand for the FBAR technology? And then a couple follow-ons for Doug if I can. 
Hock Tan: To give you - and if you can forgive me for that, because we are in this huge forum - and Ill be happy to do it separately on a different occasion - but really what we do see is with LTE coming in, the phones have to be 3G and 2G, 2.5G compatible as well. So the number of bands youre including in those world phones will get over 10, very fast. Over 10, if you want to have a world phone that roams in multiple continents, easily over 10, which puts in a lot of content.  And in terms of FBAR, youre right, CDMA uses FBAR. Band two uses FBAR in 3G, and in LTE more and more of those bands in LTE are using FBAR for no other reason than some of these bands may be difficult, like band two for signal reception. Thats why you need FBAR for better performance.  But as you also have more and more bands crowded on the antenna on the phone, they start to interfere with each other. The issue of what we call coexistence. And when you have coexistence problems for reception, the way to solve it is to put in an FBAR filter. And thats it. Just like you hear about this harbinger issue with [LightSquared]. A way to solve it, simple, simplistic-minded, is put in an FBAR filter. You immediately solve it. Of course, theres a lot of legacy equipment that you have to go retrofit, which makes it impractical, but for new equipment, put in an FBAR, and you literally solve that problem. 
Blaine Carroll - Avian Securities: Phil Falcone never called you, huh? 
Hock Tan: [laughter] 
Blaine Carroll - Avian Securities: But Hock, do you see 10 bands in phones by the end of this year? 
Hock Tan: Some OEMs decide to run the phones where they do a phone for a particular local market or regional market. So they dont need to make all their bands into one phone. There are some who put all the bands into a common phone so that it uses a single platform. 
Hock Tan: Not every phone. It depends on how the OEM runs their strategy on how they do their phone. 
Blaine Carroll - Avian Securities: Okay, makes sense. And then Doug, a couple of things. On the wireless business, the October snap-back that youre sort of envisioning, could you talk about your visibility into that and revenue linearity in October? Is it going to be more back-end loaded? 
Doug Bettinger: You know, right now you have design wins line of sight in terms of the weeks that things are going to ship. Dont necessarily know how Q4 is going to track. But we have enough visibility into the design wins to know the revenue ramp is going to be pretty steep and Q4 is going to be very strong for wireless. 
Blaine Carroll - Avian Securities: And then I just didnt hear what you said about the industrial growth quarter to quarter going into the third quarter, going into July. 
Doug Bettinger: Mid-teens.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity. Please proceed. 
Edward Snyder  Charter Equity: Hock, you talked about LTE, and that is coming on board. It requires both filters and PAs. What Im wondering, though, is both Skyworks and RF Micro have made no secret of the fact that their high-efficiency amplifiers, which are relatively new, are winning a lot of sockets. Weve been out beating the bushes, and they havent seen a lot of competition. I know Avagos got stuff on the drawing boards. Do you expect to be competitive in that area before the end of the year?  And then secondly, with regard to LTE, since most of these are going into LTE sockets, the majority, I guess, of LTE has been in 13 and 17 bands in the U.S. , because of Verizon and AT&T. And given the frequencies of those, I think the majority of the technology solving those band issues have been SAW, [unintelligible] SAW, given the size BAW would be for that, how expensive it would be. Is a lot of the growth that youre seeing in FBAR mostly in the traditional bands? Or do you feel like youre winning as much or more of your share in these new LTE bands given the - I dont want to say disadvantage, but the parity that SAW would have in cost in the lower bands. And then I have a couple for Doug please. 
Hock Tan: To answer the first part of your question, I really dont comment on my competitors offerings. Nor do we talk much about market share, if youve noticed. My competitors, Im sure, do talk about their business model. Thats their prerogative. We choose not to talk about it. We do have competitive offerings and that probably is as far as I would go. We do have very competitive offerings.  As far as FBAR is concerned, there is increasing demand for FBAR. And a big part of it, as I mentioned, is not just new bands that are difficult for signal modulation to transmit, and because of that require FBAR versus SAW. I think that may happen. Less of an issue as much as the bigger issue. And you can see that in Europe in band 7, band 20, where it is an FBAR kind of requirement for that band.  But more than that, as youre putting LTE and still have to run 3G and 2G, you basically have so many signals of various types going through your phone, you have, as I mentioned again, the issue of interference or coexistence. And once you have that, the easiest way, the best way to solve that is to start putting in more and more FBAR.  And thats basically the bottom line to it, not to mention ancillary benefits that FBAR stands to bring to the equations. I know they dont cost less, but it brings typically much lower power, and very often much smaller dimension, which, in cellphones that are getting very, very crowded with other content, becomes extremely important. So there are multiple reasons why FBAR gets used, size and other things. 
Edward Snyder  Charter Equity: So forget about the competitive question then. Do you feel like you have a competitive high-efficiency offering today right now in the market, and youre getting your fair share of those slots? 
Hock Tan: I dont know if Im getting my fair share of those slots, because I dont go around checking my market share, as I said before. So dont know about the fair share, but we have pretty good PAs out there. Very, very good PAs. 
Edward Snyder  Charter Equity: And then, Doug, a couple here. Youve given guidance that the wireless, and especially the [gas] business is a little bit lower than corporate averages. Weve seen in the last nine months some brutal pricing in [wiband] CDMA standard PAMs, which you guys are, by the way, the leader in, of course, on Qualcomms reference design. Does that guidance still hold if the mix doesnt shift toward some of the newer products given the pricing environment?  And then also, in terms of the $15 million in inventory you said youd built up in preparation for the fourth quarter or subsequent quarter ramp, is this finished goods inventory? Are you building raw wafers? And is it for a specific design, or are you just building just general inventory because demands going to pick up? 
Doug Bettinger: Ill answer the latter question first, Ed. Its a combination of both. And its line of sight design wins that were building this for. Your first question, Im really not changing any color on the wireless gross margin guidance. Its holding in fairly consistently. 
Operator: And at this time, Id like to turn the call back to Mr. Krause for closing remarks. 
Thomas Krause: Thank you operator. Before we close, I would like to let everyone know that Avago will present at the NASDAQ OMX investor program in London on June 26. These presentations will be webcast live and archived for replay in the Investor section of Avagos website. Thank you for participating in todays earnings call. We look forward to talking with you again when we report our third quarter fiscal year 2012 results in August.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-01 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Zegarelli - Director of Investor Relations Scott A. McGregor - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Eric K. Brandt - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Daniel L. Amir - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Daniel A. Berenbaum - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom First Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Jackie, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Mr. Chris Zegarelli. Mr. Zegarelli, you may begin.
Chris Zegarelli: Thank you very much, Jackie, and good afternoon, everyone. Today's call will include prepared remarks by Scott McGregor, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Eric Brandt, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Broadcom's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the earnings release and our 10-Q, which were furnished and filed respectively with the SEC today and are available on our website.  We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Additionally, throughout this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, today's earnings release and the related current report on Form 8-K describing the differences between our non-GAAP and GAAP reporting and present a reconciliation between the 2 for the periods reported in the release.  Please also see the Investors section of our website at www.broadcom.com/investors for a slide deck that includes additional information disclosed in accordance with SEC Regulation G. Now it is my pleasure to introduce Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer, Scott McGregor.
Scott A. McGregor: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. Broadcom delivered solid Q1 results in addition to successfully completing the acquisition of NetLogic Microsystems in February. Q1 total revenue was $1.83 billion. Excluding NetLogic, revenue would have been $1.79 billion, which is at the high end of the guided range and ahead of mix-adjusted seasonality for our business.  We also reported stronger earnings and gross margins than we anticipated due to solid product cost improvements and expense discipline. We're off to a strong start in 2012.  We have many exciting business updates to talk about later today. We've extended our lead in 5G Wi-Fi, and we've seen solid growth in 3G basebands and Wi-Fi combos. We introduced new broadband platforms for international and developed markets and also meaningfully expanded the addressable market for our infrastructure solutions. These accomplishments led to record design wins across all 3 segments in Q1, which is an important sign of strength for our business.  Before we get into specific updates, I'll turn the call over to Eric for a discussion of first quarter results and second quarter guidance. Eric?
Eric K. Brandt: Thanks, Scott. Given the mid-quarter closure of the NetLogic acquisition and our guidance -- and that our guidance in January did not reflect it, we will provide a little more color on the revenue contribution of NetLogic. Please note that we do not anticipate breaking out this information in the future. As Chris mentioned, please refer to the data breakout in the Investors section of our website for additional financial information that will supplement my financial commentary.  Moving to the financial overview, to summarize for Q1, total revenue of $1.83 billion; total product revenue of $1.77 billion, including $33 million from NetLogic; Q1 total net revenue, excluding NetLogic, was down 1.4% sequentially and down 1.2% from prior year levels. Q1 non-GAAP product gross margin was up 150 basis points from Q4 to 52%; Q1 GAAP product gross margin was 48.1%; Q1 non-GAAP and GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were up $54 million and $89 million, respectively, from Q4 levels; Q1 non-GAAP EPS was $0.65 per share or $0.10 above first call consensus of $0.55; Q1 GAAP EPS was $0.15, including $0.13 of acquisition-related charges and $0.12 of onetime adjustments outlined in our earnings release; cash flow from operations for Q1 was $368 million; our cash and marketable securities balance at the end of the quarter was $2.1 billion. Moving to revenue and gross margin. In January, we said we expected Q1 total net revenue to be between $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion. Excluding NetLogic, we delivered revenue near the top end of that range. Total net revenue ended at $1.83 billion, of which NetLogic contributed $33 million. On a standalone basis, NetLogic total revenue for the first quarter of 2012 would have been $83 million, meaning $50 million pre-acquisition period revenue was not recorded in Broadcom's financial statements. As anticipated, our Broadband Communications segment was down 3% from Q4, which was better than our normal Q1 seasonal decrease in demand for broadband. Our Mobile & Wireless segments was flat sequentially from Q4 as strength in 3G, basebands and Wi-Fi combos was offset by anticipated softness in 2G baseband and multimedia coprocessors.  Including NetLogic, revenue from our Infrastructure & Networking segment increased 6% sequentially. Excluding NetLogic, this segment was down 3% due to a weakness in the service provider market and a decrease in our controller products. Our Q1 non-GAAP product gross margin was up 150 basis points to 52%. This was better than our expectations of roughly flat, driven principally by lower costs and a decrease in the E&O provision during the quarter. Our Q1 GAAP product gross margin was 48.1%, driven primarily by an increase in acquisition-related charges of roughly $45 million. Moving to operating expenses. Total non-GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses for Q1 were up $54 million from Q4 levels, including NetLogic, which is favorable to the guidance provided in January, principally driven by lower employee costs and lower-than-expected legal fees in the quarter. On a GAAP basis, R&D and SG&A expenses for Q1 were $89 million, up from Q4 levels, approximately $24 million related to the NetLogic stock-based compensation assumed in the quarter.  During the quarter, we recorded settlement costs of $86 million related to patent infringement claims, as well as an impairment of acquisition intangibles of $28 million. We also recorded a onetime non-cash benefit for income taxes of roughly $46 million related to the purchase price accounting associated with the NetLogic transaction. These items are discussed in more detail in our Form 10-Q filed today. Moving to the balance sheet. As I mentioned earlier, cash flow from operations was $368 million for Q1. Cash and marketable securities ended Q1 at $2.1 billion. This reflects the net cash payment for NetLogic of $3.4 billion and our quarterly dividend payment of $55 million. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding was 38 days in Q1. In addition, net inventory levels increased $54 million from Q4 resulting in 7.7 turns in Q1. Moving to expectations. We currently expect net revenue in Q2 to be roughly $1.9 billion to $2 billion. Sequential revenue for our Broadband Communications and Infrastructure & Networking segment are expected to be up in Q1, while our Mobile & Wireless sales are expected to be roughly flat. We expect Q2 non-GAAP product gross margins to remain roughly flat versus Q1. We expect non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses in Q2 to increase by approximately $35 million to $50 million, of which $35 million comes from the full quarter impact of our annual merit increase and operating expenses from our NetLogic and BroadLight acquisitions. Meaning, Broadcom organic expenses are projected to be flat to up $15 million. In addition, stock-based compensation should decrease by $5 million to $10 million.  Finally, despite meaningful revenue estimate revisions to the industry and NetLogic peers since September, much of which, NetLogic experienced as well. We currently estimate accretion on a non-GAAP basis for full year 2012 to be between $0.07 and $0.08 per share, helped by improved cost synergies and favorable financing.  And now I'd like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Scott A. McGregor: Thanks, Eric. Starting with the Home Platform, our Broadband Communications revenue decreased 3% sequentially, which is ahead of our normal Q1 seasonal decline in this segment, driven by strength in sales of broadband access solutions. We continue to see solid growth opportunities for our portfolio of broadband products outside of North America. During the quarter, we announced several partnerships in China to deploy Ethernet over Coax, which unites PON and DOCSIS to enable service providers to deploy cost-effective triple play services. We also introduced our latest generation of entry-level cable set-top box platforms to fuel the global migration to HD.  In developed markets, we see network set-top box and personal content viewing via tablets and smartphones, driving demand for next-generation features. During the quarter, we introduced the industry's first platform enabling secure convergence of pay TV and Internet applications for hybrid gateways. We also announced NAGRA certification for our latest 40 nanometer set-top box platforms, enabling secure delivery of premium content and services to multiple TVs in the home. Our MoCA attach rate continues to rise as customers roll out next-generation network set-top boxes in hybrid gateways. We also announced the acquisition of BroadLight, a provider of highly integrated end-to-end GPON solutions. BroadLight's solid engineering team will extend our successful broadband access business in the fastest-growing segment, which is PON. Over the next few years, PON subscriber growth is forecast to the above 20% per year. Broadcom is now strongly positioned to offer service providers complete solutions across the access spectrum from DSL to cable to PON. The BroadLight acquisition closed in April, and we'll include it in our Q2 results. We expect revenue from our Broadband Communications business to be up in Q2, driven by strength in our IP set-top box and broadband access portfolios. Moving to Infrastructure, our Infrastructure & Networking business was up 6% sequentially in Q1. Excluding the $33 million revenue contribution from NetLogic, this segment was down 3% sequentially, better than most of our peers. Softness in the quarter was due to reduced demand for service provider products, partially offset by strength in data center solutions.  On a full quarter basis, NetLogic's processor revenue grew sequentially in Q1. The acquisition of NetLogic more than doubles our addressable market in infrastructure, while being accretive to non-GAAP gross margins. We're excited about the combination and the integration is off to a great start. NetLogic employees are actively collaborating with their Broadcom colleagues, and they've jointly completed multiple tape outs, including one in 28 nanometers. I'm also pleased to report that as of this morning, the NetLogic business has completed the transition to our administrative systems. Over the last few months, we meaningfully expanded our footprint in the service provider market by announcing several powerful new products, including a small cell backhaul switch that integrates up to 4 components to drive down system cost and power consumption for next-generation LTE networks; a highly-integrated microwave RF chip, which doubles our addressable market in microwave radios; and the industry's first fully programmable 100 gigabit per second full duplex network processor that delivers more than twice the throughput of any other network processor on the market today. This week, we also made 2 important announcements: the world's highest density scalable 100-Gigabit Ethernet switching solution, which enables the design of switching platforms with densities up to 4,100 gigabit Ethernet ports for data center and service provider applications. We also announced our next-generation high-performance stackable enterprise switches with integrated application level visibility and mobility features.  In the data center, our customers started shipping the latest generation of Romley servers, using Broadcom 10-Gig controllers. We expect to see continued strong demand for 10-gig, 40-gig and now 100-gig switching products throughout the data center, which is a multi-year secular trend for our infrastructure business. Looking into Q2, we expect our infrastructure revenues to be up, driven by a full quarter of NetLogic and broad strength in Ethernet Switches and FI's [ph], particularly in the service provider and data center markets. Moving to our Hand Platform, our Mobile & Wireless segment was flat sequentially from Q4, ahead of both seasonality and guidance, driven by strong performance in 3G basebands and Wi-Fi combos. Strength in 3G basebands drove both 3G volume and revenue to crossover 2G in the first quarter, which is ahead of our prior expectations. Broadcom extended its leadership in 5G Wi-Fi. We were the first to sample in Q4 2011, we were the first announce it at CES in January, the first the demonstrate it over the air, and we were the first to ship production volume to lead customers. Last week, Netgear announced the industry's first 5G Wi-Fi router, powered by Broadcom and available later this month. We are pleased to see 5G Wi-Fi coming to market even earlier than we anticipated and even more pleased to see growth in our ecosystem as we deliver real innovation to the market. We also broadened our 5G Wi-Fi portfolio in Q1 by introducing solutions for enterprise, cloud, network and carrier customers. We expect to see wide adoption as 5G Wi-Fi is 3x faster, twice the range and 6x more power-efficient than its predecessor. We believe we're 2 to 3 quarters ahead of our competition and look forward to seeing this technology ramp into a broad range of products over the course of the next year. Finally, we see continued momentum around our NFC solutions. Since we announced our tag and reader solutions for smartphones, we have won numerous designs, have received production orders, and we expect to ship to lead customers this quarter. We expect Mobile & Wireless revenue to be roughly flat sequentially in Q2. Our 2G baseband and multimedia coprocessor business will be soft in Q2, without which, our Mobile & Wireless business would be up sequentially. In summary, we see strength across our portfolio in both near-term demand and longer-term design win traction. We are seeing solid growth in 3G, which now represents the majority of our baseband business. We see a broadband business fueled by subscriber growth in international markets and network set-top boxes in developed markets. We see an infrastructure business that can now serve a much larger addressable market. Broadcom has a strong and broad communications portfolio, and our record design wins in Q1 demonstrate that customers continue to value our ability to lead with innovation. This concludes our prepared comments. And now we're ready for your questions. Jackie, may we have the first question, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Within your Mobile & Wireless division, in Q2, Scott, can you just give us a little bit more detail about the moving pieces? So you said that excluding the 2G ramp and -- 2G ramp down and multimedia coprocessor decline, are your -- within that, are your 3G baseband processors and combo solutions both going to grow in Q2?
Scott A. McGregor: Yes, we -- let me put a little more color on that. We originally said that we expected 3G to cross over 2G some time mid-year of this year. And instead, what we saw is considerable strength in our 3G baseband business, and they crossed over in the first quarter. We do expect them to continue to grow in the second quarter. So that's one of our growth drivers in the second quarter. We still see some softness in our 2G business, and we expect that to continue to decline over the course of the year. But I think after the second quarter, the headwinds are pretty much gone, and we don't expect to see headwinds in Q3 or Q4. With some customers, for example, like Samsung, we're primarily 3G today. At Nokia, we're 100% 2G, and at this point, we don't expect material revenue from Nokia 3G this year. We expect that will be a 2013 event at this point.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And can you just talk about, at a high-level, customer and channel inventories exiting the first quarter in your 3 segments, and then just give us a sense in terms of how much of the growth you're seeing in Q2 is the inventory replenishment versus end demand pull and/or new product ramps?
Scott A. McGregor: I think inventories are generally in pretty good shape. You can see that we exited Q1 with 7.7 turns. So our inventory is in incredibly good shape and if anything, we'd probably like to even increase it a little to have more parts on hand. We do have customers, in some cases, still having a little bit of inventory they need to work down. But in many other cases, and becoming more common, we have customers expediting parts and trying to pull in orders. So I'd say it's a fairly normal inventory situation at this point. We see some customers with more or less, but looks pretty normal. I don't think it's driven so much by inventory replenishment, but more natural demand that we're seeing from customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On the baseband side of the business, and even to a certain extent on the connectivity side, one of your competitors has made a lot of noise with their fully integrated solution that they're having a little bit of difficulty manufacturing now. What impact does that lack of ability to manufacture having on your business? Is that opening up opportunities? What sort of threats are you seeing or even opportunities you're seeing on the combo and baseband side of things?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, first of all, I have to comment that the fully integrated solution doesn't use any fewer chips than our solution. So that's more of a marketing phrase than I think a reality out there. But anyway, we have heard rumors from customers that they are struggling with manufacturer of that part and a little hard to determine whether it's a allocation issue, or whether it's a product issue or other things. We hear various rumors along those lines. But I think one of the messages that's clearly come out is that customers are hesitant to bet on Qualcomm that has not worked well as a strategy for those who put all their eggs in one basket, which is very favorable for us. So I'd say we're seeing much more interest from customers, especially as we get our own more advanced 3G and 4G solutions better to market. So I'd say, overall, we see an improving interest in customers, in our products and contributing to design wins going forward.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then as my one follow up, on the gross margin side of things, Eric, you guys had a nice beat to the upside in the first quarter. Your guidance for flat in the second quarter, can you go through a little bit of the puts and takes there? Because from the end market mix and your growth drivers on the revenue side, it seems like mix would be a positive.
Eric K. Brandt: It actually is, Ross. Half -- so we guided flat. We were up 150 basis points. Roughly half of that is standard margin, and roughly the other half of that is what I'll call other cost of sales, principally a release on the E&O line. We don't forecast that as an ongoing trend. So if you think about it and you assume that, that reverts back the way it was, then really, the underlying gross margin was up about half of that 150 basis points. And going into Q2, it's up the other half of that 150 basis points on the flat guide given that we've sort of reversed the benefit -- or in our forecast of that E&O side. Now we don't know. We just -- that's just the way we forecast it. In addition, there's another -- there's a couple of other headwinds on the other cost of sales like picking up some additional royalties from patent trolls and things like that from some of the settlements we've got. But fundamentally, the margin trend is favorable as I mentioned last quarter, and we are cautiously optimistic as that goes across the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Scott, you mentioned that the June quarter would be sort of a lap of the headwind on the 2G business. I'm wondering if you could help us just size that business as a percent of the overall Hand business today? And kind of your comfort level that June is sort of the maximum headwind in that business? If you'd give some color, that'd be great.
Scott A. McGregor: Sure, I can. And we think of the legacy business as both the 2G baseband and the multimedia coprocessors. And they did decline meaningfully in Q1, and we expect them to decline again in Q2. By the time we get to Q2, the total amount of those businesses will be low tens of millions. And so we expect them to still decline over the course of the year, but it won't be meaningful in our overall numbers and don't expect it to really provide a headwind. They'll decline eventually to 0 over the course of the year into the first part of next year. But again, just the magnitude of them is small enough that it won't provide the headwind. And because they're relatively small in magnitude, that gives us the confidence that the headwind will abate. We're not just sort of hoping they hold up. It's really that they're small, and so, are dwarfed by the numbers that we see for the 3G business.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then, Scott, as a follow up, just on the 802.11ac portion of your business, wondering if you can kind of give some expectations as how you see this product cycle ramp relative to the end product cycle ramp? Do you think this is going to be slower, quicker and...
Scott A. McGregor: Slower or quicker compared to what?
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: The 802.11n.
Scott A. McGregor: To 802.11n. Thank you. I'd say it'll be probably a little bit faster. Unlike 802.11n, the infrastructure part typically leads. People want to have base stations before they connect the clients. So for us, the announcement of the Netgear client that will ship this month is very important. We see a number of other customers also launching quickly. So we believe the infrastructure will be out there pretty quickly. We expect clients -- you could begin to see those towards the latter part of this year, but that's mostly a next year event. Think of it this year, for infrastructure; next year, for clients. That's typical with 802.11. But we think that this is a pretty compelling solution, just in terms of the kind of performance improvements you get. So expect it to go fairly quickly with the infrastructure in place.
Operator: Our next question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Guys, you mentioned that NetLogic contributed about $33 million in Q1. I was hoping you could break it out for us in Q2 so we can get a better sense of how the business is performing on an organic basis.
Eric K. Brandt: So again, NetLogic was $33 million on our P&L in Q1 and $50 million in the pre-acquisition period. For cumulative Q1 for NetLogic of $83 million in Q1. We won't break it out in much more detail, Romit. What I will tell you is, the growth rate sequentially of NetLogic Q1 to Q2 is consistent with the guidance we provided for the overall corporation.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful, Eric. And then, Scott, just on baseband, I understand there's some puts and takes with 3G and 2G. But overall, do you expect the Baseband business to grow this year?
Scott A. McGregor: We're pretty happy with the 3G business that we've seen, and I think it's quite likely at this point that it will grow. It's a little hard to predict how popular some of the models will be, and so I'm not committing to that. But I think, certainly, versus prior calls and conversations we've had, I think things are looking rosier for our 3G business. We've got a lot of good design wins. Our customers are getting good traction with the products, they're selling well, they look good. We're seeing good traction on future products. So I'm feeling significantly better about our 3G business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Scott, maybe just ask you about some of the foundry-related issues that you discussed a little bit earlier in one of the questions. What is your roadmap for 28 nanometers in terms of products? Have you announced any plans for products at that load? And as GSMC has alluded to capacity issues on that node, is that in any way influencing 40 nanometers or 65, any products you have there in terms of how much you're having to pay for that?
Scott A. McGregor: So we definitely have a roadmap on 28-nanometers. And, by and large, we chose to use what's called the HPM process, which came out a little later than some of the processes that other people are using. But we waited because the HPM process tends to have a better figure of merit than the HP or the Poly/SiON processes that some of our competitors are using. So when we do come out with 28-nanometer products, they should have better specs, better power performance and whatnot. We have already taped out a number of 28-nanometer chips. We believe we'll see some 28-nanometer revenue this year, but it will be relatively immaterial. Primarily our revenue is on 65 nanometer moving to 40-nanometer. Most of our tape-outs are still 40-nanometer. And next year, you'll start to see the 28-nanometer revenue ramp, but it will still be a minority of our business. And so we are less subject to some of the initial ramp problems that some of our competitors have had with 28-nanometer in some of the foundries. We do see that 40-nanometer and 28-nanometer, often used on shared equipment, which drives a little bit of tightness in the 40 nanometer side of the business as people look to get 28-nanometer capacity. But we don't see that as impacting our business. We've been able to get the wafers we need by and large because we have excellent relationships with our foundry partners. And so for us, access to wafers or pricing or other terms have not been a limiting factor for our business right now.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Fantastic. Let me ask you a different question. As I look at some of the comments provided by some of your customers in the wireline segments, generally, the results have been actually not very positive in terms of some of the comments we've heard. As you look at the NetLogic business and, of course, as you expand your service provider business, what is your sense as to when, in aggregate, spending will resume? and in trying to answer that, if you can also provide some additional color as to what's happening now in terms of spending and what you think will happen as the year progresses?
Scott A. McGregor: Absolutely. In my prepared remarks, I did talk about service provider revenues being weak and certainly, a number of our peers have seen the same thing. We do see those stabilizing, and I think it does have some regional variation. I think certainly China came in weaker than expected, but anecdotally, that's said to improve. I think recent press releases from 2 of the largest service providers in North America recently have talked to increased capital spending as they rollout a variety of their both wireline, as well as wireless infrastructure. So we do see service providers stabilizing and believe that will be an improving trend over the course of the year, where it has been weak for the last couple of quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Actually, the first question is a clarification on 3G. If 2G is dropping to double digits, is 3G now or very close to triple digit revenues? And is that coming from -- I hear you when you say share gain, but is it coming from share gains specifically within Samsung? Do you see it there as well?
Scott A. McGregor: I'm a little reluctant to break things out in quite the detail you're looking. But let me try to be helpful. We see the 3G business as not just a little bit bigger than the 2G, but significantly bigger than the 2G business at this point. So it will be the predominant driver for us going forward, which also reflects on the headwind comments I made before so -- which I think is a very good trend. And again, we were expecting originally that would happen sometime mid-year and to have it happen in the first quarter is very positive news. In terms of customers, Samsung is certainly our largest customer for 3G basebands, but we do have other customers and we expect to grow across all of our customers and add a few new customers over the course of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Scott, I have 2 questions. First is when you say baseband, I think in the past year, you have referred to it as cellular. So is it baseband standalone? Is it the integrated part with apps processor? Because I was under the impression you are selling an integrated part. And if I'm right about the integrated part, do you see growth in 3G as being on that integrated part, or on the standalone baseband, or both?
Scott A. McGregor: So, I said baseband and use that for short [ph] . We only sell integrated devices. So every single one of our basebands comes with application processors. And so, when we sell a baseband chip, it includes sufficient application processors that they don't need to buy one from anyone else. So that is our strategy going forward. And in fact, frankly, I believe that the concept of a standalone baseband chip is pretty much obsolete over the next couple of years, and people will largely buy an integrated SoCs that cover the combination of baseband and application processor and some other functions, certainly, some of the graphics. And we can debate about how much else it includes. But certainly, those pieces, I think, will become very, very popular to be integrated. And so the answer to your question is, yes, that's an integrated baseband plus application processor that completes the need for those functions for those customers. And it also includes a graphics processor and in many cases, an image processor that handles all of the camera aspects as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the opportunity for your discrete Wi-Fi sales in 2012. I know that's not been a huge contributor previously, but with the 5G Wi-Fi rolling out, do you expect that could be a material contributor to sales by the end of this year? And maybe if you can give some metrics in terms of what share you might be able to achieve, that will be helpful.
Scott A. McGregor: Well, we certainly sell both Wi-Fi in combos and Wi-Fi discrete. And for example some of our cellular customers will buy an integrated Bluetooth FM and FC combination or something like that to put a Wi-Fi as a discrete to go along with it. And one of the reasons customers do that is because they want to have different SKUs, and they want to have like a low-end Wi-Fi, a mid-range Wi-Fi and a high-end Wi-Fi. And by -- because all of our software is compatible and we provide a really broad solution for customers. Many of them do choose to do Wi-Fi. Also, we have a number of customers like automotive customers or other things where a discrete Wi-Fi makes sense for the kind of product they want to ship. So we very much have both, a combo business and a Wi-Fi business. That being said, the combo business is larger than our discrete business, but we do expect good growth opportunities in both.
Operator: Our next question comes from C.J. Muse with Barclays.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess Scott, I was hoping to probe your vision for what the ramp for a combo chip will look like in the second half? Considering the product cycles that you're levered to, improving leverage into China, I was hoping you could talk what typical seasonality looks like and how I would imagine you would expect to surpass that going into the second half?
Scott A. McGregor: I would say seasonality is, while it's a factor, I think attach rate and penetration of new technologies is more significant. In China in particular, we originally saw a discrete marketplace and sometimes with our competitor products. And we see that moving more towards our combo chips. So that's a combination share gain for us there and penetration. We also see that smartphones are becoming more popular. And so smartphones, as a percentage of total phones, are going up dramatically, which has a drag-along effect of bringing our combo chips into play there. And so I think those are more important factors than the seasonality overall. Generally, the seasonality is favorable in the second and third quarters, a little falloff in the fourth quarter as people in the third quarter really push hard to build for the holiday season. So that would be a seasonal effect. But again, I believe that the penetration and the attach rate will be a more significant driver.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Ellis with Caris & Company.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Eric, if you could just take a step back and provide some commentary on operating expense, is there potential from here to reduce any of the operating expense associated with the acquired NetLogic business? And on the other hand, as the business is showing fairly broad-based growth here, how do you think about hiring and adding on an organic basis to R&D as we look out over the back half of the year?
Eric K. Brandt: Over the course of the year, we certainly pick up some additional cost synergies associated with the transaction to just give you a sense. On the non-GAAP EPS we reported, the NetLogic contribution in Q1 was neutral. So that $0.65 was really all native Broadcom business or organic Broadcom business. As it plays out for OpEx over the course of the year, and one of the reasons why I broke out the OpEx the way I did, is that we are talking about basically organic OpEx growth of flat to $15 million. If you take the midpoint of that and you look at what we actually performed on the organic component of the Broadcom business, actually, we would probably be below from a Broadcom perspective what many of have in your models in Q2. Having said that, I think we are becoming a little more comfortable with the spending pattern over the course of the year based on some of the growth trends we're seeing in the business. So broadband's growth into Q2, which is actually stronger by the fact there's a decline of the Consumer Electronics business and it will actually show some growth, including a decline in the Consumer Electronics business. The fact that Mobile & Wireless was flat in Q1 despite the drop in 2G and seasonally typically being down also reflected some strength in our minds. And again, using some of the guidance or qualitative aspects associated with NetLogic going into Q2, you can see the underlying ING business is also growing into Q2. So we're trying to remain relatively tight. We want to run our business on a product operating margin north of 20%. We were 19.1% this quarter. We'd like to pick that back up. But having said that, I think we're beginning to see some signs where we may be able to spend a little bit higher than we originally anticipated entering this year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Craig Berger with FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I guess just within wireless, can you help us understand sort of the makeup of the business? How big is the combo piece of it? How big is the baseband piece of it? How big is discrete Bluetooth, Wi-Fi? And then also can you just address profitability which seemed to be down on a pretty good revenue performance this quarter?
Eric K. Brandt: Let me start with -- I assume, Craig, you're talking about the aggregate profitability. Normally, Q1, we are seasonally down from a revenue perspective. We were better than seasonal. Typically, we were down about 4.5%, 5%. We were down 1.5% excluding NetLogic. It is the quarter when we do our annual merit increase, et cetera. So it is the normal annual low point, barring some sort of secular trend in the industry. It is the annual low point of our operating margin. And even despite the annual low point of our operating margin, we were still north of 19% which is why I think we're beginning to get more comfortable as the year goes along in terms of our operating margin. So what's the second question?
Scott A. McGregor: He wanted us to break out the different businesses?
Eric K. Brandt: No, we don't break apart the different businesses. I would say as you probably know, the majority of what goes on in Mobile & Wireless in the wireless connectivity and principally in the combo side. Beyond that, Craig, we just haven't provided additional detail other than some of the qualitative things Scott said about 2G and 3G.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Amir with Lazard.
Daniel L. Amir - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Can you expand a bit on the networking side, a bit what you're seeing on the enterprise space? You talked a bit about the kind of the service provider, but a bit more on the enterprise and kind of the 10 gig opportunity there as well?
Scott A. McGregor: Certainly. We have quite a few new announcements of new products in the fabric space, network processors, all kinds of things. So I would say our competitiveness of products is probably higher than it's ever been. The Romley rollout has basically standardized on 10 gig. And so we see that driving servers to 10 gig, and so we believe the people will move quickly to 10 gig and in aggregation, use 40 and 100 gig as well. So it's a multi-year secular trend, I think, to move towards the faster networking speeds. And we're very well set up to have best-in-class products for both the enterprise customers and the data centers, as well as the service providers who are going to take advantage of a lot of that. So it's a good secular trend. I think you'll see a shorter-term benefit from the Romley roll out. But overall, we see that as a growing business as people have a demand for much more bandwidth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda with ISI Financial Group.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So a quick question on mask [ph] costs. How should we think about that, Eric, especially heading into the back half of the year?
Eric K. Brandt: We expect mask [ph] costs to grow in Q2 and -- after sort of some growth in Q1. I think it's relatively steady across the year, although on a dollar basis, it will drift up as more dedicated 40s are coming out and some of the 28s move to production mode.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just briefly on gross margins, 52% this quarter, next quarter, so that's kind of above the high end of the range that you typically guided to, which I think topped at around 51.5% I assume you have some accretion in there for NetLogic. But can you give us some idea or color on drivers of gross margins, I guess, through the rest of the year? Do you anticipate them coming back down into the more typical-guided range? And just briefly on housekeeping, do your Qualcomm royalty revenues actually start to come down next quarter? I think at some point, they do.
Eric K. Brandt: Yes. So let me deal with the Qualcomm one first. Qualcomm royalties will drop to $48 million next quarter, and then drop to $43 million and stay at $43 million a quarter through the middle of next year, through the second quarter of next year. On gross margins, as I mentioned, half of the gross margin outperformance this quarter were the underlying product cost base, and the other half was based on E&O reversal. And that the flat gross margin in this quarter removes that benefit of the E&O. And so you actually get some standard margin benefit going into Q2. Depending on the mix of the business, Stacy, over the course of the year, we're not changing our range, which is 50 to 52. But I wouldn't be surprised to see us riding around this range and maybe drift up at the end of the year once we wash out some of the older NetLogic parts that were manufactured under their contracts and moved to our contracts. So there are some tailwinds certainly for NetLogic as it grows over the course of the year. It was only about 20 basis points of tailwind to gross margin this quarter, and it will drift up, we think, closer to the 100 basis points end of this year, beginning of next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with Bank of Montral.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Scott, on Nokia, I'm just a little bit confused, and correct me if I'm wrong. Last couple of quarters, you had highlighted Nok as a ramp this year. And it's -- something's happened. It got pushed out. But -- so I'm wondering why are you still optimistic about basebands? Clearly, you seem to have more design wins. But then just staying with Nokia, what gives you the confidence that it will show up in 2013?
Scott A. McGregor: So it does represent a change from our previous calls. And that's why I felt the need to mention it before. We no longer expect material revenue from Nokia 3G basebands this year. But what I also said is that we're very bullish about our baseband business overall and expect it to grow significantly in 3G with other customers. Why do we expect to see it in 2013? Well, our conversations with the customer lead us to believe that. But we can't say much more about that at this point. You'd have to talk to Nokia, and we protect their confidentiality. So a very, very positive trend on our 3G basebands. We will grow perhaps even faster than we originally thought without that customer. And we hope to add that customer next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Berenbaum with MKM Partners.
Daniel A. Berenbaum - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: On going back to OpEx real quick, I think I got confused by some of the piece and parts of different answers. So Eric, should we expect OpEx to sort of trend down because of the synergies with NetLogic, or you're going to be adding costs that would sort of offset the synergies that you're gaining as we go through the rest of the year?
Eric K. Brandt: So costs come up in Q2 because of the -- because basically, we got 40% of the revenue and 50% of the costs. So we'll pick it up in Q2. And then costs, I would say, would be -- as we said earlier in the year, grow at a much more moderated rate. So I don't expect costs to come down, but I don't expect them to grow meaningfully, certainly, until we feel that we're comfortably running above 20% OI.
Operator: Our next question comes from Raj Seth with Cowen and Company.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Scott, can you comment briefly on your ambition at the top of the handset stack? You've talked previously about a bit of a gap between some capabilities that exist in that processors versus your own. Is that an area that we'd expect to see Broadcom address in the short term, or is that something that comes later?
Scott A. McGregor: That absolutely is a goal of the company. I think, historically, Broadcom has had excellent integrated products that focus more on the mid-range of smartphones and of feature phones. And what we've said is that to the extent that, historically, we had a gap on processor performance or on modem capabilities, we will eliminate that gap. And we've been working hard on that, and we believe we've got great products in the pipe. And you'll be seeing those roll out. As is our typical style, we generally don't announce those products until they ship. So I can't tell you much more about them. But I think based on what I know about our products and the customer reaction we've had, we have no apologies to make in our future products.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was hoping you could update us a little bit on your thoughts on LTE? I believe you said last quarter that you thought you wouldn't generate any revenue or not significant revenue this year. Just wondering if that timing pulled forward at all, or even if it's still next year, is it still going to ramp roughly when you thought, or did they get pushed out a little bit as well?
Scott A. McGregor: I'm afraid all we've said is that we don't anticipate revenue from LTE in 2012. But we haven't really given any more color beyond that. So, sorry, I can't say more than that at this point. But as those products roll out and become visible, we'll certainly talk about them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Freedman with RBC Capital Markets.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: You guys were nice enough during your analyst day to show us your own internal rankings of your individual product lines. Can you give us a rundown of how you view your business internally right now and any -- which businesses are running in the red possibly?
Eric K. Brandt: So what I would say to you is the ranking you saw is actually pretty consistent. What's interesting is with the strength we're seeing in some of the cellular side, I would probably say that's moving up. Broadband, now that we've sort of removed the Consumer Electronics business, I think it's also beginning to move up in some of the businesses inside of broadband. So I would say that there is some internal movement. Certainly, we are not terribly excited about the aggregate change in the NetLogic business from the middle of last year to now, but I think strategically, all the reasons we bought the business remain, and we're encouraged by the fact that it appears to us that as much as they've experienced some of the things their peers have, it looks like less, in fact, than many of your peers, which would indicate to us that they are, in fact, gaining share of the markets that they're in. So that would be sort of the best qualitative picture I can give you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a clarification of something you said earlier. Wireless, you expect to be up in June, excluding the 2G business. Is that both the connectivity side of things as well as 3G basebands?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, I didn't say specifically, but the answer is yes.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions. Is there any closing remarks, Mr. McGregor?
Scott A. McGregor: Yes, thank you. In summary, this quarter saw Broadcom bring to market innovative products across our entire portfolio. They expand our addressable market, they push the leading edge of technology and position us for success in the fastest-growing markets in the semiconductor industry. We're excited about this year, great design win traction. We look forward to talking with you on our next call. Thanks, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-12-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jacob Sayer  VP of Business Development, IR Hock Tan  President and CEO Doug Bettinger  SVP, CFO
Analysts: Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Terence Whalen  Citigroup Blayne Curtis  Barclays Capital Mark Lipacis  Jefferies & Co. Vivek Arya  Bank of America Venk Nathamuni  JPMorgan Romit Shah  Nomura Securities Aalok Shah  D.A. Davidson JoAnne Feeney  Longbow Research Ed Snyder  Charter Equity Research Vijay Rakesh  Sterne Agee Sanjay Devgan  Morgan Stanley Brendan Furlong  Miller Tabak Ian Ing  Lazard Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the Avago Technologies Limited Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Jacob Sayer, Vice President of Business Development and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jacob Sayer: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO, and Doug Bettinger, Chief Financial Officer of Avago Technologies. After the market closed today, Avago distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011. If you did not receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investor section of Avagos website at avagotech.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and Doug will be providing details of our Q4 and fiscal year 2011 results, background to our Q1 2012 outlook, and update to our medium-term business model, and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. In addition to US GAAP reporting, Avago reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis, which are provided in addition to and not as a substitute for the comparable GAAP measures. A reconciliation between the GAAP and non-GAAP measures are included in the tables attached to todays press release. Comments made during todays call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could affect our business and financial condition and cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock?
Hock Tan: Thank you, Jacob. Good afternoon, everyone. Im going to start today by reviewing some of the recent business highlights, and then Doug will provide some review of the fourth quarter and full fiscal year financial results. Now, as you may have seen from our earnings announcement, we had a solid fourth quarter with record revenues and income from operations. Revenue in the fourth quarter 2011 is up 9% year-on-year from the fourth quarter a year ago. We saw strong sequential growth in our wireless communications business, in fact, better than we expected at the beginning of the quarter. This was offset partially by weaker than expected performance from our industrial and consumer end-markets. We believe worldwide volatility in the financial markets and slow growth in Chinas economy is causing a number of OEMs and most distributors to take risks out of the business models and to substantially reduce their inventory levels. Because of these, we see the impact of lower component demand in our industrial markets. In contrast, however, we also experienced certain phenomena that [leads] our revenues in this period of demand uncertainty. In particular, certain wireless OEM winners in the marketplace have been able to grow for us. Additionally, in wide networking, investments in core routing and data centers remain strong, very much to our benefit in SerDes and fiber. The recent and ongoing flooding in Thailand is having an impact on various semiconductor and optical supply chains. While the impact on our own business was small in Q4, we expect revenue could be negatively impacted in the range of $10 million to $20 million in Q1. Certain of our multi-market wireless and industrial products were being tested, assembled with a contract manufacturer based in the flood zone, whose facilities have been shut down as a result. We are in the process of moving equipment and qualifying new contract manufacturers to bring the manufacturing of these products back on line, and we expect this work to be substantially completed during the course of Q1. With that, lets turn to results from each of our target markets. Within wireless, we manufacture FBAR, as you may know, duplexers, power amplifiers, light and proximity sensors, and optical finger navigations for smartphones and feature-rich phones. We also manufacture RF components for wireless base stations and wireless infrastructure markets. Sales from our wireless communications target market represented 42% of our fourth quarter revenue and our revenue from this target market grew 16% compared to Q3, growing 18% compared to a year ago. This performance was stronger than our expectations for the quarter. Growth in Q4 was driven largely by strength in our power amplifier business, driven by the launch of new smartphones. Our cutting-edge multi-band power amplifiers continue to run very successfully. Looking ahead to first quarter fiscal 12, the quarter we are in right now, we expect overall wireless revenues to decline on a percentage basis in the low double digits compared to Q4. In line with normal seasonality, we expect the RF portion of this business to be down by high single digits, exacerbated by weakness in our OFN, optical finger navigation, business. Next, within wide infrastructure, as you may know too, we design high-speed SerDes ASICs and manufacture optical or fiber optic transceivers for enterprise networking data center switching and high-speed computing applications. Revenue from the wide infrastructure market represented 28% of our total Q4 sales. In Q4, our sales from this wide infrastructure market grew 4% over Q3 and grew 24% over Q4 2010. In fact, this business has been our [steady-addy]. Revenues from the wide infrastructure market grew slightly better than we expected at the beginning of the quarter. We benefited from strong double-digit growth from our SerDes ASIC business during the quarter due to the [run] of new customer programs in [Nexor switchers] and [AMXH] routers, as well as new design wins in ASICs. Looking forward to Q1, we expect overall revenues from wide infrastructure target market to decline high single digits quarter on quarter. After strong quarter in Q4, we believe we expect (inaudible) spending on core routing programs, which tend to be lumpy, appear to be slowing this quarter, especially for proprietary 5-gigabit per second fiber optic. Turning to industrial and automotive electronics target market, we manufacture and sell optic couplers, motion encoders and industrial fiber. Net revenue from this market accounted for 26% of our Q4 2011 net revenue. Net sales from this end-market declined 10% compared to the prior quarter, and declined 6% from the same quarter a year ago. Worse than expected weakness during the quarter came mainly from slower sales of our optic couplers and motion encoders. We believe this was driven by slow economic growth in China and a slowdown in -- particularly a slowdown in the renewable energy sector which trigger OEMs and distributors to contract their supply chain, be it experiences particularly in Europe and Asia Pacific within the server drives and inverter segments. We expect that continued supply chain contraction, exacerbated in Q1 by the ongoing flooding in Thailand, will lead to revenue from the industrial market to be down low to mid single digit this quarter. Finally, in consumer and computing peripherals, we manufacture, as you know, navigation sensors for optical mice and motion sensors for printers. Revenue from this target market represented only 4% of our fourth quarter 2011 sales, and revenues from this market decreased 18% from last quarter and has shrunk 31% on a year-on-year basis. We continue to see muted demand here. In summary, Q4 revenue growth from smartphones and wide infrastructure more than offset weakness in industrial and consumer, allowing us to show slight overall revenue growth for the quarter. In Q1, we see all our end-markets declining and believe revenue will decrease between 10% and 14% as compared to Q4. Now, you realize here, our OEM revenue really has not been the problem. It will only decline single digits as is the case normally seasonally. But supply chain contractions, particularly industrial, [magnified by] distributors as we substantially lower our revenue into the distribution channel this quarter. Just stepping back, as we end 2011 fiscal year, we see Avago has achieved a number of milestones we set for ourselves. December 2010 we completed buyback of remaining senior subordinated notes, leaving the company essentially debt-free through the year. In the same [month], we initiated a dividend for shareholders starting in $0.07 a share, and we have increased this dividend each quarter in the fiscal year and paid $0.11 per share by the quarter September 30, 2011. Parallel optics, an exciting growth area for Avago, is also a proprietary area -- product area for us. And in November 2011, the US Court of Appeals affirmed the strength of our intellectual property around this technology. The decision includes our proprietary embedded technologies as well as our industry standard seal-pluggable form factors, and we remain very committed to protecting and enforcing our patent and intellectual property rights here. Also over the course of the fiscal year, our private equity ownership of Avago declined from approximately 60% to approximately 10% through five public offerings of our shares. And finally, by growing revenues 12% year on year, we achieved the top end of our revenue model, and additionally, we grew non-GAAP gross margin by 260 basis points year on year. Later in this call, Doug will provide an update to our financial model. Our goal is to grow revenue 10% to 12% annually, to expand, grow product [margins] and to leverage our infrastructure to expand our operating margin on annual basis, to support the anticipated growth of our proprietary products. Especially in multi-mount power amplifiers, we expect to expand our manufacturing processes in Fort Collins, Colorado. Side benefit on making this front-end manufacturing investment is an expected improvement in gross margins for our wireless business in the years ahead. We do expect capital expenditures to increase, however, in fiscal 2012 to approximately $200 million, from $112 million in fiscal 2011. With that quick summary, let me now turn the call over to Doug for a more detailed review of fourth quarter and fiscal 2011 financial results.
Doug Bettinger: Okay. Thanks, Hock. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining the call. Before reviewing the fourth quarter and fiscal 2011 financial results, I want to remind you that my comments today, as always, will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release that we issued today. It is also available on our website at avagotech.com. Record revenue of $623 million in Q4 represents an increase of 3% from last quarter and an increase of 9% versus the same quarter a year. And as Hock reviewed, the sequential increase was in line with our guidance; however, revenue from our wireless and wired target market came in better than we expected, and revenue from our industrial and consumer target markets came in worse than we expected. Resales from our distribution partners declined in Q4 relative to Q3, while our distribution inventory rose somewhat. This put us at the end of the quarter at the higher end of our desired distribution inventory model. And as Hock alluded to, we expect this inventory level will be down in Q1. I would point out, somewhat fortuitously, the uptick in inventory is mitigating the impact from the Thai supply disruption. And just a final comment on (inaudible) while we have not seen resales begin to grow again, the decline that we saw in Q4 seems to have stabilized at this lower level. Q4 gross margin was 51.2%. This was down from last quarter and slightly below the midpoint of our guidance. The biggest driver of this sequential decline in gross margin was lower revenue from our high-margin industrial end-market and higher revenue from our lower-margin wireless end-market. During the quarter, R&D expenses decreased $2 million sequentially to $79 million. SG&A also decreased just by $5 million to $49 million. The decreases in R&D and SG&A were driven by lower variable compensation as well as tight control of discretionary spending. As a percentage of sales, R&D remained at 13%, while SG&A declined to 8% of net revenue. Income from operations increased by $14 million sequentially to $191 million, which was a new record for Avago, and represented 31% of net revenue. Q4 income from operations compares with income from operations of $177 million in Q3 and with $171 million in Q4 of last year. Taxes for Q4 were slightly higher than guidance at $5 million due to the jurisdictional mix of income. These results translate into net income of $186 million, which is up 6% from last quarter. Q4 earnings per diluted share of $0.73 compares with $0.68 in Q3. Net income of 2010 was $190 million, or $0.76 per diluted share. I should just remind you, from a year ago, Q4 2010 net income benefited from a $29 million discrete tax benefit which was roughly $0.11 per diluted share, which resulted from the redemption of our senior subordinated notes. Total share-based compensation in Q4 was $11 million. The breakdown of this expense for Q4 excludes $1 million in cost of goods sold, $4 million in R&D, and $6 million in SG&A. In Q1, I anticipate share-based compensation will be approximately $12 million. And just a reminder, the companys definition of non-GAAP net income excludes share-based compensation expense. Let me now move to the balance sheet. Days sales outstanding was 48 days. This was up 5 days from the prior quarter, primarily due to the linearity of revenue in Q4. Inventory came in at $194 million, which was down 3% from last quarter. This translated to days on hand of 58 days, which was down 5 days from Q3 and is below our inventory [low]. I do think its possible that inventory could grow slightly next quarter. At the end of the fourth quarter, our cash balance was $829 million. Primary changing cash came from $195 million of cash that was provided by operations. And I wanted to just foreshadow Q1 for you a little bit here. Q1 is generally our weakest quarter for cash generation due to the seasonally lower revenues as well as the payment of annual employee bonuses that relate to the prior fiscal year. CapEx in Q4 was $37 million, which was in line with our expectations for the quarter. We expect CapEx in Q1 to be in the range of $40 million to $45 million. And as Hock referred -- or as Hock referenced, approximately $200 million for the full year is our CapEx expectation. The sequential increase will primarily be driven by capacity additions in our wireless factory, as well as additional spending to bring alternative contract manufacturers online in response to the flooding in Thailand. On September 30 of 2011, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.11 per share. This consumed $27 million of cash. This dividend was raised $0.02 from the prior quarter. And finally, during Q4, we repurchased and canceled approximately 750,000 shares, which consumed $25 million of cash. And as it was yearend, let me briefly recap our fiscal 2011 full-year results. Revenue increased by 12% to approximately $2.3 billion. Gross margin improved by 260 basis points to 51.7%, as compared to 49.1% for fiscal 2010. Net income for fiscal 2011 increased to $692 million or $2.70 per diluted share, as compared to $547 million or $2.19 per diluted share in fiscal 2010. Let me now review the balance of our non-GAAP guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2012. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions and we do not intend to update this guidance. Revenue is expected to decline 10% to 14% sequentially. This is driven by wireless seasonality, the general industry slowdown, as well as supply challenges from the flooding in Thailand. Gross margin is expected to be 50.5% plus or minus 100 basis points. This decline is due to anticipated product mix shifts, particularly within the wireless end-market. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $125 million. Im forecasting interest and other to be approximately negative $1 million due to currency impacts from yen-based foreign exchange liabilities. Taxes are forecasted to be approximately $4 million. And finally, the diluted share count forecast is for 254 million shares. Finally, let me review the medium-term business model for Avago which I said I would update you on during the Q3 earnings call. While this is not intended to represent annual guidance, this is the non-GAAP model that we manage the business to. Our goal is to grow our revenue at an annual pace of approximately 10% to 12%. Our desire is to have gross margin in the range of 50% to 53%. We are targeted R&D to be approximately 14% of net revenue. We are targeting SG&A to be approximately 8% of net revenue. And consequently, if you do the math, our goal is to have operating margins in the range of 28% to 31% of net revenue. And finally, I expect taxes to remain in the range of 3% to 4% of operating income. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, at this time, would you please open up the call for questions?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question, please press star 1 on your phone. Or if your question has been answered and youd like to withdraw from the queue, press star 2. Please press star 1 to begin. And our first question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Ross Seymore : Hi, guys. Just a couple of questions. The first one, just a clarification, when you gave the segment guidance for the fiscal first quarter, did you guide the industrial business down single digits or low double digits?
 Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys. Just a couple of questions. The first one, just a clarification, when you gave the segment guidance for the fiscal first quarter, did you guide the industrial business down single digits or low double digits?
Doug Bettinger: Single digits. Mid to high single.
Ross Seymore : Oh, mid to high, not mid to low. Okay. So, kind of 8 to 10, got it. Beyond that then, a more substantive question, the CapEx guidance increasing for the wireless business, is that something that you have visibility in the design wins for that? Is it kind of a cost driver, a revenue driver? Whats leading to that decision?
 Deutsche Bank: Oh, mid to high, not mid to low. Okay. So, kind of 8 to 10, got it. Beyond that then, a more substantive question, the CapEx guidance increasing for the wireless business, is that something that you have visibility in the design wins for that? Is it kind of a cost driver, a revenue driver? Whats leading to that decision?
Hock Tan: Well, its combination of reasons, Ross, one of which is were improving our -- into a much better improved process for gallium arsenide, and improving process is a very engineering intensive and rather proprietary approach that we chose to take. So, we decided to build it ourselves. Secondly, is right now were completely outsourced on our gallium arsenide products. Our demand for our products is growing. And we figured that is a good way to dual-source it and at the same time do it internally. The side benefit of that is naturally we would have an improvement in gross margin as we go into production with a mix of internal and external sourcing (inaudible).
Doug Bettinger: Hey, Ross, this is Doug. Let me just clarify. I think I said mid to high on industrial. Its actually low to mid single digits on the industrial guidance. Sorry about that.
Ross Seymore : Got you. And then I guess one quick follow-up, the flood impact, $10 million to $20 million in your guidance, how should we think about that snapping back if in fact it will?
 Deutsche Bank: Got you. And then I guess one quick follow-up, the flood impact, $10 million to $20 million in your guidance, how should we think about that snapping back if in fact it will?
Hock Tan: Well, I would certainly believe that it will snap back probably in Q2, not so -- the way we are planning it, anticipating it in our guidance is that it will have that $10 million to $20 million on revenues for Q1, but it would certainly -- result in us shipping below what we otherwise could have shipped in natural demand. But in Q2, I would expect Q2 to pick up a lot of that slide.
Ross Seymore : Okay. Thank you.
 Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi. Please proceed.
Terence Whalen : Great. Thanks for taking the question. This one is on the industrial end-market. It seems like after a 10% decline in October, you're expecting that decline to mitigate to low to mid single digit in January. What about beyond that? Based on current consumption levels that you see, can you help us understand if you would expect industrial seasonality to improve in April? I'm trying to understand the difference between the consumption levels and the inventory changes and how thats affecting net revenue. Thank you.
 Citigroup: Great. Thanks for taking the question. This one is on the industrial end-market. It seems like after a 10% decline in October, you're expecting that decline to mitigate to low to mid single digit in January. What about beyond that? Based on current consumption levels that you see, can you help us understand if you would expect industrial seasonality to improve in April? I'm trying to understand the difference between the consumption levels and the inventory changes and how thats affecting net revenue. Thank you.
Hock Tan: All right. As you can gather, most of our industrial business go to distributors. And as you also know, we recognize revenue on a shipping basis into the distributors. And the interesting thing we see in this whole process is that a resale, which is the end-demand that our distributors see, has, as Doug pointed out in his remarks, kind of flattened out in this quarter, Q1, has gone -- has pretty much flattened out. However, on a shipping basis to our distributors, we continue to bring down revenues here specifically, and part of the reason for that is, one, is the fact that one related to the Thai flooding, where a lot of industrial products are affected. We had brought in products to mitigate that flooding impact in Q4. But two, is also our ability to ship has been reduced in this quarter. So well be shipping less -- bottom line is were shipping into distributors lesser products than likely we are reselling in Q1.
Terence Whalen : Okay, terrific. And then, the second question is on some of the commentary around the wireless business. I think you made the comment, Hock, that you would expect, based on adding some of the in-house gallium arsenide capacity, youd expect the gross margin profile of that business to improve. Can you help us understand when youre making that comment, are you talking you expect the mix of MMPA to just regular PAs to improve, or are you also making a comment about FBAR content increasing as well? Thanks.
 Citigroup: Okay, terrific. And then, the second question is on some of the commentary around the wireless business. I think you made the comment, Hock, that you would expect, based on adding some of the in-house gallium arsenide capacity, youd expect the gross margin profile of that business to improve. Can you help us understand when youre making that comment, are you talking you expect the mix of MMPA to just regular PAs to improve, or are you also making a comment about FBAR content increasing as well? Thanks.
Hock Tan: Okay. No, I was referring specifically to power amplifiers, PAs, whether its MMPAs or discrete PAs, its related to PAs. And by the way, so (inaudible) that -- this capacity expansion (inaudible) and we do not really see the impact of that margin improvement until 2013. Maybe late 2012, but definitely largely in 2013.
Terence Whalen : Great. Thank you.
 Citigroup: Great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Terence.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Blayne Curtis : Hey, guys. Just to follow up on the wireless guidance, I mean you still should have some customers that are ramping. So, maybe you can talk about maybe some of the ramps of more successful phones are impacting some of your other customers. And then, with the OFM business, is there -- are you seeing some share loss or is this really just demand from the customer?
 Barclays Capital: Hey, guys. Just to follow up on the wireless guidance, I mean you still should have some customers that are ramping. So, maybe you can talk about maybe some of the ramps of more successful phones are impacting some of your other customers. And then, with the OFM business, is there -- are you seeing some share loss or is this really just demand from the customer?
Hock Tan: Okay. Let me take your second question first. On OFN, we dont believe we have seen any significant share loss. Its related to the fact that our inventory in the pipeline, in the supply chain of customers, particularly one major customer, and thats the main reason for the weakness or the softness or the reduction, I should say, sequentially, of our OFN revenue. We dont think theres any significant impact on our share at all in so far as OFN is concerned. In the first question, I'm sorry about that, Blayne, but its really not our policy or practice to name customers in this public forum. Sorry.
Blayne Curtis : No, I was not looking for you to name customers. I guess I was just wondering if you could provide some color, are you seeing some of your customers see some weakness due to share loss? I'm just trying to reconcile --
 Barclays Capital: No, I was not looking for you to name customers. I guess I was just wondering if you could provide some color, are you seeing some of your customers see some weakness due to share loss? I'm just trying to reconcile --
Hock Tan: Okay. There is -- and you would not -- I assume you were not surprised, the audience, and you too, Blayne, is that, yes, as in any other end-market, in the handset market in particular, there are multiple, there are several players. And we have seen over the years a continual change, adjustment in shares as one player comes up with a new phone that is much more popular than another. And we continue to see that, and in particular, this recent quarter or so, we have seen that very, very much so, as new generation of smartphones launch, as a lot of features come in, including LTE, WiMAX and others. So, yes, we continue to see this adjustment in market share among our customers. And those changes are very dynamic.
Blayne Curtis : Okay. Thanks, Hock.
 Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks, Hock.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Blayne.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Mark Lipacis : Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Doug, for you, I think you mentioned that the distributor inventories were higher than you -- than normal. Could you quantify that at all? Where are they now? Whats normal? Can you talk about where they were in the financial crisis?
 Jefferies & Co.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Doug, for you, I think you mentioned that the distributor inventories were higher than you -- than normal. Could you quantify that at all? Where are they now? Whats normal? Can you talk about where they were in the financial crisis?
Doug Bettinger: I havent really had the practice of quantifying it numerically. I think all Id tell you, Mark, is that they were up and at the higher end. Weve got a model for where wed like to see them. And when we exited Q4, they were at the higher end of that model. And so were bringing it down in Q1. I dont want to get into the habit of quantifying it numerically though.
Mark Lipacis : Okay, fair enough. And Hock, I think, correct me if I'm wrong, I may have misheard you, you talked about beyond distributors that decided to lower inventories at OEMs or beyond the distributors, or were you just talking about demand contraction?
 Jefferies & Co.: Okay, fair enough. And Hock, I think, correct me if I'm wrong, I may have misheard you, you talked about beyond distributors that decided to lower inventories at OEMs or beyond the distributors, or were you just talking about demand contraction?
Hock Tan: Oh. Boy, I really made a mess of that, did I? Okay, let me try to clarify that. No, what I did say, a couple of points Id been trying to indicate is its interesting to note that over the past 12 months in fiscal 11, our OEM demand has been very consistently sequentially up from the beginning of Q1 all the way up to this past recent Q4. Our OEM demand, OEM revenue has been sequentially up all the way through. And even in Q1 where were guiding a normal seasonal downturn, we see only a relative [normal] seasonal downturn with respect to our OEM revenue business. In contrast to that in our distributor side, revenue has been rather all over the map. But more than not is, especially since the middle of fiscal 11, weve seen the revenues into our distributors and resale from our distributors obviously decline and roll over in fact and start to decline. And the decline accelerated, in particular, in our fiscal Q4, on resale, and our revenue too. And our resale from our distributors will be almost flattish from Q4 in Q1. But in terms of adjusting our inventory in our distributors, we will continue in this guidance in our forecast to continue to ship less into our distributors. And thats why distributor revenue in Q1 will be down significantly from Q4.
Mark Lipacis : Thats clear. Thank you.
 Jefferies & Co.: Thats clear. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Okay. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Vivek Arya : Thanks for taking my question. I think you mentioned about the $10 million to $20 million impact from the Thai floods. Is that specific to the industrial segment? And if it is, excluding that, it appears that the industrial segment is sort of holding flattish. So, the question, is that the right way to look at that impact? And if it is, then, are you being conservative enough with your guidance on the industrial side?
 Bank of America: Thanks for taking my question. I think you mentioned about the $10 million to $20 million impact from the Thai floods. Is that specific to the industrial segment? And if it is, excluding that, it appears that the industrial segment is sort of holding flattish. So, the question, is that the right way to look at that impact? And if it is, then, are you being conservative enough with your guidance on the industrial side?
Hock Tan: We think we are being realistic in our guidance. And you correctly looked at it, yes.
Doug Bettinger: Vivek, its primarily industrial. There is some multi-market wireless in there, but a lot of it is industrial.
Vivek Arya : Got it. And then the trajectory of OpEx, I know you're taking it down a bit in Q1. How should we look at the trajectory for the remainder of the year? Does it snap back as quickly also? Is Q1 the new level? Or how should we look at it?
 Bank of America: Got it. And then the trajectory of OpEx, I know you're taking it down a bit in Q1. How should we look at the trajectory for the remainder of the year? Does it snap back as quickly also? Is Q1 the new level? Or how should we look at it?
Doug Bettinger: Vivek, a lot of variation quarter to quarter in OpEx is driven by variable compensation. And so, business levels grow, the spending will grow. And if business levels dont grow, the spending will be relatively constant. In a more medium-term level, I would refer you back to that business model that I described. We do have an inclination right now to try to spend a little bit more as a percent of revenue on R&D. That helps us grow the business over the medium to longer term. So, we are kind of looking at incremental R&D programs. But were being very cautious right now.
Vivek Arya : Got it. And just one last one, if I may. Do you think OFN is still a growth business for you given that one of the larger customers for that is facing some market share issues?
 Bank of America: Got it. And just one last one, if I may. Do you think OFN is still a growth business for you given that one of the larger customers for that is facing some market share issues?
Doug Bettinger: Its probably not a growth business, Vivek. Itll hang in there for a while, but I dont think its going to grow all that much.
Vivek Arya : Okay. Thank you.
 Bank of America: Okay. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Vivek.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Venk Nathamuni, please proceed, with JPMorgan.
Venk Nathamuni : Hi, yes. Thanks for taking my question. Hock, on the last earnings call, you talked about 37 models in which you have some design wins, especially in the 4G and LTE phones. Where do you expect the ramp for those phones to occur in terms of the timing? And also, do you expect to offset some of the seasonal slowdown in your [other] wireless business?
 JPMorgan: Hi, yes. Thanks for taking my question. Hock, on the last earnings call, you talked about 37 models in which you have some design wins, especially in the 4G and LTE phones. Where do you expect the ramp for those phones to occur in terms of the timing? And also, do you expect to offset some of the seasonal slowdown in your [other] wireless business?
Hock Tan: Well, I guess -- most, to answer your first part, most of these 37 phones, some of them have launched, the rest are yet to happen and probably will happen through the first half of calendar 2012, the rest of them. And some of them already start to happen and its helping obviously cushion the seasonal downturn -- typical seasonal downturn in wireless in this current Q1 quarter. But we will still -- we believe well still see this seasonal downturn for Q1. Its pretty much expected. We have seen that the last couple of years in Q1. But thereafter, Q2 onwards, we do expect sequential growth in our wireless revenues through the rest of fiscal 12.
Venk Nathamuni : Okay, thanks. And as a follow-up, for Doug -- Doug, where do you think margins can trough for the current cycle, especially, what was [acquisition] rate? And given that the last time your revenue was on the $550 million range, which is kind of the midpoint of guidance that youve given for next quarter, how should we think about gross margins beyond the current quarter?
 JPMorgan: Okay, thanks. And as a follow-up, for Doug -- Doug, where do you think margins can trough for the current cycle, especially, what was [acquisition] rate? And given that the last time your revenue was on the $550 million range, which is kind of the midpoint of guidance that youve given for next quarter, how should we think about gross margins beyond the current quarter?
Doug Bettinger: Venk, I dont like to give specific numbers beyond the current quarter. I gave you the longer-term model of 50% to 53%. So, one would think, if thats how were trying to manage the business, we hope were at the low point, lowish point. From a year ago, our gross margin, if you go to the midpoint of the guidance for Q1, if you look at Q1 last year, gross margin was actually a little bit higher. And the phenomenon there is our industrial business is down from where it was a year ago, and that is our highest margin business. So, thats kind of whats going on relative to where we were at revenue levels at this point before.
Venk Nathamuni : Okay, thats helpful. And then just as a follow-up on the question on utilization, where they were last quarter.
 JPMorgan: Okay, thats helpful. And then just as a follow-up on the question on utilization, where they were last quarter.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Utilization was kind of the 70, mid-70s range, Venk, and it will be down a bit in Q1 as were seasonally down in wireless.
Venk Nathamuni : Okay, great. Thank you very much.
 JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Doug Bettinger: Yup.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura. Please proceed.
Romit Shah : Yeah. Hey, guys. I'm struggling a bit to get a map to work on the revenue guidance for the quarter. You said wireless com down low to double digits, but the other segments, wired will be down high single, and industrial will be down low to mid single. I dont see how that gets you to down 10 to 14, unless were assuming that consumer and computing business drops off dramatically. Can you help me out there?
 Nomura Securities: Yeah. Hey, guys. I'm struggling a bit to get a map to work on the revenue guidance for the quarter. You said wireless com down low to double digits, but the other segments, wired will be down high single, and industrial will be down low to mid single. I dont see how that gets you to down 10 to 14, unless were assuming that consumer and computing business drops off dramatically. Can you help me out there?
Doug Bettinger: Well, we do expect the consumer business is going to be off in Q1. We didnt give you a specific number, but the math works out.
Romit Shah : So, I mean, just based on my number, I would see consumer going from close to $30 million to less than $10 million.
 Nomura Securities: So, I mean, just based on my number, I would see consumer going from close to $30 million to less than $10 million.
Doug Bettinger: No, its not down that much. It wont be down that much. Consumer will be down double digits, kind of high teens, maybe almost 20%, in that range. And if you go do the math on all the rest of it, youll find that the numbers do work out.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Aalok Shah with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed.
Aalok Shah : Good afternoon, guys. Maybe just a quick comment, question on the wired business. How do we kind of view that going forward, and especially going into Q1? How -- why is the weakness there? Is it just seasonal weakness or is there something else, a new ramp that maybe is delayed a little bit? Can you walk us through how you view that business going into 2012?
 D.A. Davidson: Good afternoon, guys. Maybe just a quick comment, question on the wired business. How do we kind of view that going forward, and especially going into Q1? How -- why is the weakness there? Is it just seasonal weakness or is there something else, a new ramp that maybe is delayed a little bit? Can you walk us through how you view that business going into 2012?
Hock Tan: Well, its -- a growing significant part of our wired infrastructure business is in core and Edge routing. Its where our parallel optics are rather proprietary, very high bandwidth, affordable, high bandwidth optics play-in. Its a fairly substantial part of our business now. And it gets lumpy quarter on quarter, and its because the investments made are usually by service providers, and they make -- when they buy, they buy in a big chunk. And last quarter was very strong, Q4. We dont expect it to -- in Q1 to be as strong. And thats the reason why it dropped. It just says in Q2, it might resume some lumpy buying in some programs, whether its America or China, and it will bounce back up again. Thats the only reason. But its big enough now that it does swing by a few points the level of growth of our wide infrastructure business.
Aalok Shah : Okay. And then, I think you may have answered this, but maybe I can get some more clarification, in terms of what you're shipping into this year right now, do you think your shipments are matching what maybe end-markets and analysts expect at this point?
 D.A. Davidson: Okay. And then, I think you may have answered this, but maybe I can get some more clarification, in terms of what you're shipping into this year right now, do you think your shipments are matching what maybe end-markets and analysts expect at this point?
Hock Tan: In Q1, we expect to be able to do that, if not, as I mentioned, were likely under-shipping it. But part of the reason is last quarter, Q4, we believe we over-shipped. Now, part of the reason we over-shipped, as Doug calls it, fortituously, was it was industrial, a big chunk of industrial is produced or test in Thailand, and we got them out before the floods hit us.
Aalok Shah : Okay. And just real quick, in terms of a housekeeping question, is all of this then from industrial or is there something else also (inaudible) taking account --
 D.A. Davidson: Okay. And just real quick, in terms of a housekeeping question, is all of this then from industrial or is there something else also (inaudible) taking account --
Doug Bettinger: There are other things that are in this thats not industrial. Industrial was the biggest piece but its not the only piece.
Aalok Shah : Okay, great. Thank you.
 D.A. Davidson: Okay, great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of JoAnne Feeney with Longbow Research. Please proceed.
JoAnne Feeney : Yes, thanks. Maybe to clarify the guidance and these numbers, I think the $10 million to $20 million hit from the Thailand flooding, thats in addition to your segment by segment guidance, is that correct?
 Longbow Research: Yes, thanks. Maybe to clarify the guidance and these numbers, I think the $10 million to $20 million hit from the Thailand flooding, thats in addition to your segment by segment guidance, is that correct?
Doug Bettinger: No, its part of the segment guidance, JoAnne.
JoAnne Feeney : Okay. I'm having trouble too making those numbers work, but okay. Then a separate question, could you talk a little bit about where you see the consumer in computing going after this, and what kind of activity do you still have on the super-computer side of things?
 Longbow Research: Okay. I'm having trouble too making those numbers work, but okay. Then a separate question, could you talk a little bit about where you see the consumer in computing going after this, and what kind of activity do you still have on the super-computer side of things?
Hock Tan: Okay. On consumer, its obviously, as you have seen over last 12 months or even longer than that, our business here has actually shrunk, continues to shrink, and thats because were really down to optical miles and encoders for basically printers, particularly HP printers. Now, both markets are not growth markets. And in fact, those two markets have some ASP pressures, but the main reason is those markets are not particularly strong; they dont grow much. And so its been a shrinking market compared to the rest of our business which are all fairly robust and growing broadly speaking. So, thats pretty much why our consumer business is down less to 4% of our overall revenues, just have two product lines, none of which are growing. And your second question, JoAnne, would you mind repeating that?
JoAnne Feeney : Yeah, on the super-computer side of things, is that still on the computing segment? And if it is, is that --
 Longbow Research: Yeah, on the super-computer side of things, is that still on the computing segment? And if it is, is that --
Hock Tan: Sorry, no. It is in wide infrastructure. Its really -- we classified it because we sell in the super-computing rather proprietary parallel optics fiber, [interconnect]. And so we classify it under wide infrastructure.
JoAnne Feeney : Right. So, how is that business proceeding at this point?
 Longbow Research: Right. So, how is that business proceeding at this point?
Hock Tan: Its still holding up. Its still holding up. As you know, our major customer here has launched this and are delivering systems out there, and its pretty much consuming what we expect to consume. So, its holding up very well. It ramped up last six months. And its pretty much holding, stabilizing.
JoAnne Feeney : Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
 Longbow Research: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Hock Tan: Sure.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, JoAnne.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ed Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Please proceed.
Ed Snyder : (inaudible)
 Charter Equity Research: (inaudible)
Operator: I'm sorry, Ed, your line is going in and out. Were unable to hear you clearly. You may need to disconnect.
Ed Snyder : Is this better?
 Charter Equity Research: Is this better?
Operator: Perfect.
Ed Snyder : Okay. So, Hock, youve obviously gained share North American (inaudible) --
 Charter Equity Research: Okay. So, Hock, youve obviously gained share North American (inaudible) --
Doug Bettinger: Ed, you're breaking up again. Operator, why dont we move on to the next question?
Operator: And our next question comes from Sanjay Chaurasia with Nomura. Please proceed. Sanjay, you may need to un-mute your line. And our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh with Sterne Agee. Please proceed.
Vijay Rakesh : Yeah, hi, guys. Just looking at your comments on the distributor inventory, you said its at the high end but theyre dropping in significantly. So, as you read Q1, do you see that in the mid to low level of your inventory (inaudible)?
 Sterne Agee: Yeah, hi, guys. Just looking at your comments on the distributor inventory, you said its at the high end but theyre dropping in significantly. So, as you read Q1, do you see that in the mid to low level of your inventory (inaudible)?
Doug Bettinger: We expect to get it back in the normal part of the range, midpoint of the range, where we like to have it, Vijay.
Vijay Rakesh : Got it. And the second question, whats your backlog coverage, and do you think given that theres some handset seasonality [in the Jan] quarter, Thai floods, you see some recovery going out, and also industrial, probably you do some of this inventory adjustment getting done, do you think 1Q should be the trough year?
 Sterne Agee: Got it. And the second question, whats your backlog coverage, and do you think given that theres some handset seasonality [in the Jan] quarter, Thai floods, you see some recovery going out, and also industrial, probably you do some of this inventory adjustment getting done, do you think 1Q should be the trough year?
Hock Tan: We generally dont guide beyond one quarter at a time. You know what? Frankly, cant really tell. Theres too much volatility going on in the world economy, and one, it should have a direct impact (inaudible) in the behavior obviously of how OEMs and distributors manage and handle their working capital. So, Id like to pass on that question.
Doug Bettinger: And Vijay, our coverage is where it normally is.
Vijay Rakesh : Okay. And last question, whats the distribution -- whats the exposure of this piece?
 Sterne Agee: Okay. And last question, whats the distribution -- whats the exposure of this piece?
Hock Tan: I'm sorry?
Vijay Rakesh : What was your exposure to this piece?
 Sterne Agee: What was your exposure to this piece?
Hock Tan: How do you mean exposure to this piece again?
Vijay Rakesh : What percent of revenues goes to distributors?
 Sterne Agee: What percent of revenues goes to distributors?
Doug Bettinger: Its about a third, Vijay.
Hock Tan: Its about a third of our total revenues.
Vijay Rakesh : Great. Thanks a lot.
 Sterne Agee: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Sanjay Devgan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Sanjay Devgan : Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. Hock, first question is, a lot of your competitors in the wireless space, theres been a lot of talk as we move to these advanced interfaces, like LTE, etc. Theyre talking about converged PAs, converged solutions. I was wondering if you can discuss that, give us a little color on your roadmap and your thoughts in general about converged solutions.
 Morgan Stanley: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. Hock, first question is, a lot of your competitors in the wireless space, theres been a lot of talk as we move to these advanced interfaces, like LTE, etc. Theyre talking about converged PAs, converged solutions. I was wondering if you can discuss that, give us a little color on your roadmap and your thoughts in general about converged solutions.
Hock Tan: I see. Well, I mean, this is -- I know some of our competitors use that term, and Ill be honest, I'm not even 100% sure what they mean by that. I mean, what you have now, we call it multi-band, multi-mode. In some ways its -- converged PA might be a subset of that. The whole concept is, as you need more and more interfaces, 3G or UMTS, multiple bands, LTE add-on for the bands, bands being different parts of the frequency, you basically, theoretically, you have a duplexer and a PA for every band. And youll never get away from duplexers, one duplexer per band. But in the case of power amplifiers technology and ways the things get designed and processed, you may be able to get away with sharing power amplifiers among those. And I dont know if thats what people mean. But really by sharing single power amplifier among a few bands, thats really what they -- what we mean by multi-band, multi-mode PAs. And maybe thats what somebody else means by converged PAs. But I'm not really sure what they mean, but from our point of view, we dont use that term. We call it multi-mode, multi-band PAs, which is really using one or more PAs to share multiple bands.
Sanjay Devgan : Right. Okay, great, thats helpful. And then, I guess just as a follow-on, perhaps you can talk about, as you kind of layer on the capacity for your gallium arsenide products, how should we think about your internal versus external production? Any -- care to venture an estimate as to what portion of your production will be in-house versus external?
 Morgan Stanley: Right. Okay, great, thats helpful. And then, I guess just as a follow-on, perhaps you can talk about, as you kind of layer on the capacity for your gallium arsenide products, how should we think about your internal versus external production? Any -- care to venture an estimate as to what portion of your production will be in-house versus external?
Hock Tan: No, its a bit premature at this point, but we certainly will use a lot of external -- well still use a lot of external foundry, continuing to use external foundry while we build up an internal capability, and (inaudible) situation, we will never build enough capacity internally to obviate the need for using foundries externally. We see that as really dual sourcing.
Sanjay Devgan : Okay, great. Thank you.
 Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Sanjay.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ed Snyder with Charter Equity Research. Please proceed.
Hock Tan: Ed? Ed, are you there?
Ed Snyder : Are you there? Hello?
 Charter Equity Research: Are you there? Hello?
Hock Tan: Yeah.
Ed Snyder : Sorry, guys. I dont know about the connection problem. My question is, you gained quite a bit of share in North America in handsets, and I imagine that was part of fueling your growth last quarter in wireless. And I expect thats going to continue. I'm curious about your guidance for the Q1 then. If you are gaining share, is the seasonal guidance, which would seem to indicate downside, is that due to a share loss with other OEMs, weakness at other OEMs? Mix? Or pressure? I'm just trying to get my arms around why you wouldnt be seeing better than seasonal performance in Q1 given how well youve done in North America.
 Charter Equity Research: Sorry, guys. I dont know about the connection problem. My question is, you gained quite a bit of share in North America in handsets, and I imagine that was part of fueling your growth last quarter in wireless. And I expect thats going to continue. I'm curious about your guidance for the Q1 then. If you are gaining share, is the seasonal guidance, which would seem to indicate downside, is that due to a share loss with other OEMs, weakness at other OEMs? Mix? Or pressure? I'm just trying to get my arms around why you wouldnt be seeing better than seasonal performance in Q1 given how well youve done in North America.
Hock Tan: Very interesting question, Ed. And what were guiding obviously is that we -- Q1 every year is a seasonally down quarter compared to Q4, because Q4 is just so strong and our Q1, as you recall, covers not only late -- covers not only -- covers December but also covers the whole of January, when things tend to be slowed down, regardless of whoever it is, whichever player there is. So, its based on historical precedent that were guiding this expected seasonality. And as I mentioned, in handsets RF, we are guiding the normal seasonality, which is really more close to single digits. But coupled with that was the fact that OFN, as I mentioned, which gets classified in wireless, is also flattening, declining in fact, because of inventory adjustments that we see in a major customer. So, that together, those two effects combine to show wireless going down below normal seasonality, which is double digits.
Ed Snyder : So, it is kind of a slowdown in maybe another OEM. And then towards your FBAR products, can you provide any color on that? Is that going to grow -- you expect normal seasonality with that? Are you doing better than you expected, a little bit worse? Any color there?
 Charter Equity Research: So, it is kind of a slowdown in maybe another OEM. And then towards your FBAR products, can you provide any color on that? Is that going to grow -- you expect normal seasonality with that? Are you doing better than you expected, a little bit worse? Any color there?
Hock Tan: Well, let me start clarifying. In RF components, we just, were getting normal seasonality. So, across the board, we would say that, yeah, there are some winners and there are some not some -- losers, so to speak, in handset OEMs. But on a combined basis, given our share position and our exposure to such a breadth of handset -- media handset players today, I dont think well be totally immune from the impact of specter showing a seasonal weakness. Thats the reason why were guiding to normal weakness or normal seasonality downwards for our RF business. And that includes both FBAR and power amplifiers, by the way. Its just a normal seasonality regarding those.
Ed Snyder : Right.
 Charter Equity Research: Right.
Hock Tan: And thats typically in the single digits. As I say, were over-laying on it, [the effect of OFN].
Ed Snyder : Great. Thanks a lot.
 Charter Equity Research: Great. Thanks a lot.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Ed.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak. Please proceed.
Brendan Furlong : Good afternoon; thank you. Question following Eds question there, are you having some impact from maybe one of your major customers that hadnt maybe slowed down in [SEE] phones in the last quarter or so?
 Miller Tabak: Good afternoon; thank you. Question following Eds question there, are you having some impact from maybe one of your major customers that hadnt maybe slowed down in [SEE] phones in the last quarter or so?
Hock Tan: There are puts and takes, as Doug likes to call it. No, theres no one particular one making that particular impact (inaudible) to kind of drive our forecast seasonally. Far from it. But using that normal seasonality, and as you know, lead time in this -- in the handset business tends -- can be very short, especially in November/December period. So, what were doing, giving you is a normal guidance. We are not picking out nor are we in any manner alluding to specific weakness in any OEM on our side.
Brendan Furlong : Okay. Question for you then on your under-shipping into the disti channel in Q1. Do you think you will have stopped under-shipping as we get into Q2, will you return to normal shipments into the normal disti channel in Q2?
 Miller Tabak: Okay. Question for you then on your under-shipping into the disti channel in Q1. Do you think you will have stopped under-shipping as we get into Q2, will you return to normal shipments into the normal disti channel in Q2?
Hock Tan: We expect to, especially if China starts to wake up.
Brendan Furlong : I guess that was the other question I had, the -- you referred briefly to China earlier on in the conversation, and if you want to offer any color around your thoughts on China there.
 Miller Tabak: I guess that was the other question I had, the -- you referred briefly to China earlier on in the conversation, and if you want to offer any color around your thoughts on China there.
Hock Tan: Well, yeah, obviously China is probably one of the biggest industrial end-markets for us for our industrial, in fact. And of course, we sell to major OEMs in Germany, in Europe, in Japan, even in the US, or then re-export to China. So with the weakness or softness in China that happened almost like six, nine months ago, we have obviously seen some level of weakness over the past, I would say, six to nine months, and all largely due to China. It also -- and it would be great if we see China recover as some indications may be already happening.
Brendan Furlong : Okay, great. Thank you.
 Miller Tabak: Okay, great. Thank you.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Brendan.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ian Ing with Lazard Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Ian Ing  Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks for taking my question. First question is in wireless. There were some competitors talking about improving their RF presence on the Qualcomm reference designs. I think you have some incumbency there. So, how important is that? And do you have any granularity on opportunities for reference design platforms in the future like Qualcomm?
Hock Tan: Well, were very closely engaged with multiple base band players. Of course, we are particularly engaged very well with Qualcomm, so, are a few of our competitors, by the way. So, we dont really see that situation changing. And I will not say we are pure the only one in any reference design Qualcomm. I think there are multiple other players in many of their reference design. But we are definitely a very close partner or, yeah, component partner to Qualcomm in many of their reference designs.
Ian Ing  Lazard Capital Markets: Great. And second question, R&D about 14% next fiscal year. Last year, at the Analyst Day, you had a breakdown on the spending in the different segments. Perhaps you could talk a little bit about that and any investments in industrial, assuming, if -- should China and renewable stay where they are?
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Ian, I dont remember the exact numbers we showed you last year, but I wouldnt guess the breakdown is terribly different this year than it was last year. We invest heavily in wireless and the wired infrastructure market. Its the growth engines of the company, and so thats where the R&D dollars get allocated. Thats not to say we dont invest [in the other] end-markets, its just to a lesser extent.
Ian Ing  Lazard Capital Markets: I think last year you had wireline more than wireless. So, is that still the case or?
Doug Bettinger: Theyre probably pretty comparable.
Ian Ing  Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our last question is a follow-up from Terence Whalen with Citi. Please proceed.
Terence Whalen : Hi. Thanks for fitting me in with the follow-up. This is a longer-term wireless question. As we see the constitution of smartphone growth move more toward Asia, out of the more penetrated US market, how does that affect the wireless business? How does that affect the proportion of FBAR as a portion of your sales? And is that a factor contributing to your bringing more of the [gas] capacity in-house? Thank you.
 Citigroup: Hi. Thanks for fitting me in with the follow-up. This is a longer-term wireless question. As we see the constitution of smartphone growth move more toward Asia, out of the more penetrated US market, how does that affect the wireless business? How does that affect the proportion of FBAR as a portion of your sales? And is that a factor contributing to your bringing more of the [gas] capacity in-house? Thank you.
Hock Tan: Interesting question, Terence. And [heres were] not thinking long term of the wireless RF component business [for us]. And as you know, we supply both FBAR duplexers, the filter that is, as well as the power amplifiers now. And where we see is, you're right, more and more of the growth, if you look at smartphone growth as opposed to total headset growth, more and more smartphone growth will be coming from emerging countries like China, where -- in certain parts of Europe, but definitely China and emerging countries, where smartphones are lesser penetrated. So that will be one factor of it. Having said that, one of the interesting thing we find in this wireless handset market or smartphone market is it pushes, constantly pushes the envelope in next generation, as we see from 3G to 4G/LTE or 4G, as we call it, and will be next 4.5G, 5G. And as each -- what it implies is more and more bands are out there. And more and more bands out there, more and more roaming throughout different countries come in, which basically require every phone, every smartphone to have more and more RF content. So what we see is another situation, whether its developed countries or emerging countries, particularly so in developed countries, where the content of -- the RF content of a smartphone increases fairly rapidly. As I mentioned earlier, one band requires, in theory, one duplexer, discrete duplexer, and one PA. You can integrate the PA, the power amplifiers, so that they share across bands. But duplexers, much, much harder, in fact, impossible. So, the duplexer content will definitely grow very linearly with the complexity of smartphones as we move to higher wireless bandwidth over time. Power amplifiers may not grow as linearly, but still the content will increase. And so for us, we see this smartphone market as an extremely interesting opportunity that will continue to grow very, very well for us.
Terence Whalen : Thats very helpful. Thanks, Hock.
 Citigroup: Thats very helpful. Thanks, Hock.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks, Terence.
Operator: And we have no further questioners in queue at this time. Ill turn it back over to Jacob Sayer for closing remarks.
Jacob Sayer: Thank you, operator. Before we close, Id like to remind everyone that Avago will be presenting at Barclays Technology Investor Conference in San Francisco on December 7. This presentation is going to be webcast live and archived for replay in the Investor section of our website. Thank you for participating in todays earnings call. We look forward to talking with you again when we report our first quarter fiscal year 2012 financial results in late February.
Operator: That concludes Avagos conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-25 16:45:00) =====
Executives: Eric K. Brandt - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Scott A. McGregor - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John Dryden - 
Analysts: Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Daniel L. Amir - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Unknown Analyst -  Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday, October 25, 2011. I would now like to turn the conference call over to John Dryden, Senior Manager, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
John Dryden: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Broadcom's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. I'm joined today by Scott McGregor, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Eric Brandt, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Broadcom's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the earnings release and our 10-Q, which were furnished and filed, respectively, with the SEC today and are available on our website. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Additionally, throughout the call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Today's earnings release and the related current report on Form 8-K describe the differences between our non-GAAP and GAAP reporting and present a reconciliation between the 2 for the periods reported in the release. Please also see the Investors section of our website at www.broadcom.com/investors for a slide deck that includes additional information disclosed in accordance with SEC Regulation G. As it relates to the proposed acquisition of NetLogic, before making any voting decisions, investors are urged to read NetLogic's definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on October 21 and other relevant materials when they become available because they contain or will contain important information about the transaction. With that, let me turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. McGregor: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. Broadcom executed well in the September quarter, with cutting-edge products and strong financial discipline resulting in record revenue and operating profitability above our target financial model. I'm also pleased to report we generated record cash flow from operations, surpassing 27% of revenue. Our total cash and marketable securities position of $4.2 billion also ended the quarter at record levels.  While many of our businesses set records in the September quarter, our outlook reflects near-term industry softness and uncertainty from our customers. To that end, we're maintaining a tight rein on our overall spending, as shown by our Q3 results and Q4 guidance for R&D and SG&A expenses. Broadcom has a proven track record of success across semiconductor cycles, and we've position the company to once again emerge stronger coming out of the current uncertain economic environment. Our goals remain focused on product innovation and relentless integration that enables us to grow our market share and deliver strong profitability and robust cash flow from operations.  I'll now turn the call over to Eric for details on the third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance, and then I'll go into details on our business units.
Eric K. Brandt: Thanks, Scott. As John mentioned, please refer to the data breakout in the Investors section of our website for additional financial information that will supplement my financial commentary.  Moving to the financial overview. To summarize for Q3, total revenue of $1.96 billion, including $1.9 billion in product revenue. Q3 total net revenue was up 9% sequentially and up 8% from prior-year level.  GAAP product gross margin was roughly flat from Q2 at 49.5%, and non-GAAP product gross margin was 50.9%. Q3 GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were down $21 million to $666 million. Net of the non-recurring legal payment in Q2, R&D and SG&A expenses were up only $4 million sequentially. GAAP earnings per share for Q3 were $0.48, which, excluding one-time items, would've been $0.58 per share. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.82 or $0.06 above first call consensus of $0.76 per share. Cash flow from operations for Q3 was a record $534 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance was $4.24 billion, up over $443 million from Q2. Moving to revenue and gross margin. In July and again in September, we said we expected Q3 total net revenues to be approximately $1.9 billion to $2 billion. Total revenue ended at $1.96 billion. Our Broadband Communications segment was up 2% from Q2. As anticipated, our Mobile & Wireless segment was up 16%, driven by strength across both wireless connectivity and cellular businesses. Our Infrastructure & Networking segment was up 4% as expected, driven by a rebound in controller, a full quarter of Provigent revenue and modest growth in switch.  Our Q3 GAAP product gross margin was roughly flat at 49.5%, which is modestly below our expectations of flat to up slightly. This translates to 50.9% on a non-GAAP product basis, once again, well within our target model. Moving to operating expenses. Total GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses for Q3 were down $21 million from Q2 levels, significantly below the guidance we provided in July of flat to down $10 million. This favorability to guidance was principally driven by lower mask cost and legal fees. During the quarter, the company took a portfolio action to stop future development of digital TV and Blu-Ray products and reallocate funding to higher value opportunities. This results in a GAAP restructuring charge of roughly $23 million, of which $17 million will be recognized in Q3. In addition, during Q3, we recorded a charge of $9 million associated with the impairment of acquisition intangibles and net settlement charges of $27 million. These items are discussed in more detail in our Form 10-Q filed today. Moving to the balance sheet. As I mentioned earlier, cash flow from operations was a record $534 million for Q3. Cash and marketable securities ended Q3 at a record $4.24 billion. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding was 38 days in Q3. In addition, net inventory levels decreased over $50 million, resulting in 7.8 turns in Q3.  Moving to expectations. We currently expect net revenue in Q4 to be roughly $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. Sequential revenue will be down across all segments, driven by general demand softness. We expect Q4 product gross margin to be flat to down slightly versus Q3 on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, principally due to absorption, but still within our targeted non-GAAP model. We expect GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses in Q4 to be roughly flat sequentially. Non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses should be flat to up $10 million. Finally, I want to remind you that in Q1, we have our annual accounting step-up in expenses for fringe, merit and stock-based compensation. In 2011, these accounted for roughly $45 million in sequential growth. For 2012, we would expect an increase to this amount consistent with our employee growth and merit process.  And now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Scott A. McGregor: Thanks, Eric. Starting with the Home Platform, our Broadband Communications revenue increased 2% sequentially, with solid sales from core set-top boxes, which was partially offset by a decline in our broadband modem business. Our current generation of set-top box solutions is benefiting from a transition to digital broadcasting, the emerging markets where pay-TV subscribers could reach 0.5 billion by 2016, as well as increased global adoption of HD broadcasting.  Our broadband modem business was soft with solid sales of DOCSIS 3.0 modems, more than offset by reduced DSL, Central Office and CPE shipments. During the quarter, we extended our full band capture technology to our industry-leading satellite products, paving the way for more advanced satellite receivers that expand the number of TV channels available for recording or viewing, while lowering deployment costs and reducing power consumption.  These 40 nanometer devices deliver unprecedented bandwidth scalability and flexibility, resulting in more efficient distribution of video streams and IP services in the digital home, while replacing discrete tuners with one integrated system solution.  We also entered the DBS outdoor unit market, leveraging our full band capture technology to enable digital delivery of up to 24 independent satellite channels via a single cable connection into the home. We recently announced BCM4550 paves the way for digital delivery of satellite video channels via digital home networks, greatly simplifying DBS home installation.  For the December quarter, we expect revenue from our Broadband Communications business will be down, primarily due to the decline in shipment of discontinued DTV and Blu-ray products. Moving to Infrastructure. Our Infrastructure & Networking business was up 4% sequentially to a new high, driven by a rebound in controller solutions, a full quarter of microwave sales and modest growth in switching products. From an end market perspective, enterprise revenue was better than we expected. Data Center sales increased sequentially, but service provider solutions were soft.  Broadcom's Ethernet solutions continue to outpace the industry, driven by our ability to leverage our broad IP portfolio to deliver complete platforms that enables our customers to deploy scalable and high-performance products, as global IP traffic quadruples over the next several years. Our latest integrated carrier Ethernet aggregation switch solutions deliver the industry's highest port speeds, while reducing power consumption by 40%, improving operator capacity and operational costs. During the quarter, we announced our intent to acquire NetLogic Microsystems, effectively utilizing the strength of our balance sheet to deliver on strategic fit, leading-edge technology and potential for meaningful value creation. Upon closure, which is projected for the first half of next year, our Infrastructure & Networking business will expand its addressable market threefold to $12 billion and be better positioned to meet growing customer demand for integrated end-to-end communications and processing platforms. For the December quarter, we expect revenue from our Infrastructure solutions to decline sequentially due to softness in demand. Moving to our Hand Platform. Broadcom grew 16% sequentially in its Mobile & Wireless segment, with a significant expansion in sales across our wireless connectivity and cellular baseband solutions. Within the cellular baseband market, we're pleased with the significant growth in 3G shipments, to Samsung in particular, as well as to multiple other handset OEMs.  Our integrated 3G Android baseband plus application processors sales were strong, enabling our customers to deliver more affordable smartphones with popular features, such as multi-touch screens and downloadable applications. With respect to 4G LTE, while we haven't yet announced products in this space, we have begun carrier testing of our initial solutions. Our wireless connectivity products did particularly well in Q3, with record shipments of combo chips and strong revenue growth across nearly all our lines of business. Our cadence of introducing new innovative combo solutions is accelerating, driving the most advanced wireless LAN and Bluetooth features into a broadening range of devices.  Our customers launched products supporting the latest Bluetooth 4.0 specification in smartphone, PC and desktop computing platforms, enabling a new class of products supporting Bluetooth low energy. This will enable the deployment of innovative sensor-based products, such as health and fitness monitors and security proximity devices. During the quarter, we unveiled our family of NFC chips designed to drive to mass deployment of NFC in consumer electronics devices. Manufactured in 40 nanometers, these tightly-integrated solutions reduce power consumption by more than 90% and use a fewer percent -- 40% fewer components in a significantly smaller board area. Broadcom is committed to making NFC as ubiquitous as Bluetooth and Wi-Fi are today. These solutions provide the innovative features and performance that, combined with our leadership and wireless combo chips, will enable OEMs to easily add NFC to their designs. For the December quarter, we expect revenue from our Mobile & Wireless solutions to decline sequentially overall, but for combo chip revenue to increase from Q3 to Q4. In summary, Broadcom delivered strong Q3 results. We continue to grow faster than the industry, with market share gains in both our core and emerging businesses. We achieved operating profitability above our target model and generated record cash flow. While customer order patterns reflect some near-term uncertainty, our strategic focus is unchanged, delivering innovative communications products related to connectivity, bandwidth and content that enable us to expand our addressable market, grow our market share and maintain strong profitably. This concludes our prepared remarks, and we're now ready for your questions. Operator, may we have the first question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Scott, quickly on the expected growth in combo chips in the calendar fourth quarter, can you talk about what sort of new socket wins versus just existing customers showing growth or what's happening there? And I guess importantly, with the launch of the Apple iPhone 4S and the waterfalling of pricing on the 4 and the 3S, do we need to think about the tail of the Apple business being bigger and longer than perhaps we were expecting?
Scott A. McGregor: I can't comment on specific customers. But in general, we're seeing a trend in combo chips where many of the discrete solutions that people use previously are being replaced by our combo chips. We're also seeing that in areas such as China, we're increasingly taking share, and the penetration of combo chips is moving down from just high-end phones more into midrange phones. And so that's driving the growth of combo chips.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then, Scott, as my follow on, maybe on the Infrastructure side of the business, can you talk a little bit about your expectations around 10-GigE deployment either in the calendar fourth quarter or as we move on to the first half of next year? Is that expected to be a significant growth driver for you guys? And if you could help quantify, that would be great.
Scott A. McGregor: I think that's a good long-term growth driver. I don't think you're going to see significant growth of that in the rest of this year. But over the next couple of years, we do see it as something that will drive a replacement and upgrade cycle across the infrastructure marketplace. So important in terms of driving new switches, new Fis , new network connections, just overall because the amount of data traffic is increasing so much. We do see that, again, as a definite long-term growth driver for the company.
Operator: Our next question is from James Schneider from Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, in terms of customer inventory levels at this point, could you give us maybe a status update on where customer inventory level sits across your 3 segments? And then maybe given that, which of your segments do you expect to be down most versus least in Q4?
Scott A. McGregor: I guess, in terms of inventory, you could have inventory within the company itself, within Broadcom, and you could have inventory in our customers, and you can have inventory in various part of the channel distribution and resellers and things like that. Broadcom, I think, we've done a great job with inventory management. You saw our turns went up to 7.8. So very, very good inventory management on the part of Broadcom. We certainly don't have any inventory challenges within the company. Within our customers, we know of a few customers that have some inventory, but we also know of a lot of customers that are deliberately running very lean because of some concern on the macroeconomic side. And so I would say to the extent we saw any pickup in the economy, we'd see some expedited orders in those cases. But again, there are a few pockets where we think some customers do have a little bit of inventory. In the channel, we don't have as good a visibility on that, and I think, that's going to be more macro-driven. But certainly within Broadcom itself and within our customers overall, we think it's a relatively normal inventory situation.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then maybe one for Eric. In terms of OpEx, you've done a very good job of keeping a lid on OpEx as we've headed through this year. Given the macro environment and some of the weakness there, do you have any more room to kind of pull back further if things get a little bit worse here, given the step-up that you normally see in Q1? Or are we pretty much as tight as we can be?
Eric K. Brandt: Jim, so our cost structure's pretty fixed. It's mostly driven by the people we hire. And as you can see, we've slowed down, I think, from where consensus estimates were at the beginning of 2011, we're probably, based on the guidance we gave today, close to $100 million, $125 million favorable to what people had in their OpEx line. And that's the result of us really slowing down the rate of which we've been adding costs across the year. We'll continue to tighten that up, and the portfolio action that I mentioned today relative to digital TV and Blu-ray is an indication of our view of some of the 0-sum choices we need to make in an uncertain economic environment. So I think there'll be some additional costs beyond that step-up, but our anticipation is we will probably run pretty tight into 2012 in terms of OpEx until we see the economic environment really begin to turn back favorable.
Operator: Our next question is from Uche Orji from UBS.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two quick questions please. First of all on the DTV and Blu-ray impact, can you just quantify that for us how much that was in Q3 and what impact the shutdown of that business will have on the Q4 guidance? Are you assuming there's no sale there? Or just kind of help us understand that. That's my first question.
Eric K. Brandt: Yes, Uche, in Q3, that business is sort of in the tens of millions of dollars. It will probably, between Q3 and Q4, go down, get cut in half between Q3 and Q4. And then relative to next year, it will be a very small part of next year, as we sort of run out the existing chips that we got and some additional software work. But we are discontinuing further development of new products in this area.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Real quick on the other side, on the baseband business. Scott, can you just tell me what the key drivers for you will be among the 3 platforms you're involved with: Symbian, Android and Microsoft? When do we expect you to have the Microsoft sort of -- I mean, I don't know if you probably put a timing and if we look at baseband revenue next year, obviously you had some good traction with Broadcom -- with Samsung this last quarter. Just kind of help us understand what would be the platform of focus for you over the next few quarters --
Scott A. McGregor: So we certainly are engaged in discussion with Microsoft, but we don't preannounce products in that space. So I'm sorry, I can't shed any light for you in terms of Microsoft products that would come out. I think the biggest driver for us, from a revenue point of view, is going to be the low-cost Android platforms that are coming out right now. The Samsung GALAXY Y product is a great example of that, very, very powerful product, a very attractive price point. We're also shipping with a number of other Asian OEMs out there today, handset makers deploying our baseband solutions in the high-volume, low-cost Android space. So I think that's probably the biggest growth driver for us over the next couple of quarters. And then, of course, we do expect next year to begin our shipments of 3G with Nokia. So another driver that will come into play as that begins to go to market.
Operator: Our next question is from Glen Yeung from Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Scott, I'm wondering if you can give us a sense as to whether or not what you're seeing from your customers in terms of slowing down, and I suppose that's x combo chips, is related to specific end demand weakness or more of an inventory drawdown from them. And then as part of that answer, maybe you could address what order linearity looked like for you in the quarter.
Scott A. McGregor: In terms of overall feedback from customers, I would say it's macro-related. Whenever you have a macro economic slowdown, you can get some inventory situations because of that. But I don't think it's the normal kind of thing our industry does of create its own inventory issues. I think it's very much macro-driven, and that's how we see it. In terms of linearity, Eric?
Eric K. Brandt: Yes, in terms of revenue linearity, strongest month was the second month of the quarter. In terms of sort of order linearity, typically, it's stronger in the front part of the quarter, and I don't think this is any different than any other quarter.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. As a follow-up, we're just now starting to hear customers of yours talk about the implications from Thailand. And I wonder to what extent you've thought about that in your guidance or maybe let us know what you're hearing from your customers about any potential impact from the floods.
Scott A. McGregor: I think the HDD impact is definitely significant across the whole tech industry, and I don't think people have analyzed it and had time to really go through it. Generally, the hard disk drive as an industry was expected to ship on the order of 200 million units in the quarter, and our guess is that there'll be around half that. And so, that will have implications on devices. I don't think Broadcom will be as affected as many other companies, but you could see a slowdown in PCs, which depend on HDD drives, except for the small number that use SSDs. I think also you could see some impact on Data Center. I think you could be some impact on personal video recorders that use hard disk drives. And so we've had conversations with our customers there. So again, still early days on analysis, but we certainly have looked at that and have reflected that in our thoughts on the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You mentioned the broadband decline in Q4, digital TV, Blu-ray ramp down. I think you're maybe still trying to assess the impact on DVR set-top shipments. But if I recall, emerging markets sort of the triple play build-out has been the big driver of the Broadband business. Scott, are you seeing signs of a slowdown in some of the faster-growing markets, like China and India?
Scott A. McGregor: No, we're not. Actually, the BRIC countries we're very bullish on and think that as they deploy more and more broadband to their citizens, that's going to be a great long-term driver for us. We put out a number of cost-optimized solutions targeting that market. I think you may recall initially, we went after that market with essentially U.S. set-top box chips that were rather over-configured and excessive cost for that market. We've since come out with 40 nanometer tune devices targeting the BRIC opportunities. And so we think we're very well situated to take share and enjoy growth over the next year in those markets.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And then maybe if you could just give us a bit more color in your network and infrastructure business. Is the weakness more enterprise-related or service provider? I mean, for example, we've been hearing about push outs in the widest infrastructure side. Some of these have been rescheduled for kind of first half of next year. In other cases, we're still hearing about component inventory work-downs. Any details from your side would be great.
Scott A. McGregor: We're seeing relatively stronger enterprise business than service provider business. The weakness is more in the service provider business. We've seen some push-outs there. I think China softened up a little bit so driving that. But enterprise definitely stronger than service provider in the current environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Berger from FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I guess, within wireless, I just wanted to confirm you said combo chip shipments would grow sequentially in the fourth quarter, and I guess so that bags the question, what does that mean for your traditional Wi-Fi and Bluetooth businesses? And can you talk about sort of what the mix of business is between combo chips and those legacy businesses and kind of how cannibalization is playing out?
Scott A. McGregor: I don't have exact mix number for you, but we definitely see the majority of the business now in combos, and I think we do see combos growing and therefore, decline in the discrete business. We don't see that as a share loss, we see discretes declining in general for everybody, as the business moves more towards combos. And so that works to our favor as we've very, very strong combo products.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I guess, just as a follow-up, most of your peers are seeing a couple of quarters of revenue declines. I guess, with you guys being down in the fourth quarter, how are you thinking about first quarter? How should we be modeling it?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, we don't guide the first quarter. We could talk a little more about that at our Analyst Day in December. But sorry, we don't guide to the first quarter at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Scott, my question is on the competitive landscape in connectivity. I assume Broadcom has good visibility into the smartphone tablets coming out in the next few quarters. Do you see any change in your competitive position versus say Qualcomm because the roadmap does contain a number of new connectivity capabilities. I think, they have this integrated GPS in their baseband transceiver. So should we expect any change in the competitive landscape over the next several quarters, whether it's in units or content per smartphone or tablet?
Scott A. McGregor: We generally have about 6 to 9 month visibility based on design wins we've already won. And Broadcom continues to have a very, very strong competitive position in combo chips. We don't expect any meaningful change in our share of the business over that period of time. Our combo chips remain extremely strong. Our customers continue to use them. We don't have 100% of the business though, and so we're going to win some here and lose some there. But overall, we don't see any meaningful changes in our share.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I see. And one question for Eric. Eric, how should we look at the stock compensation expense line once you add in NetLogic? Do you think that line will go up a lot? Or will it stay within? I think you had some targets as a percentage of sales before.
Eric K. Brandt: Yes. Again, assuming all of the NetLogic shares converted over as we discussed during the transaction, it's about 15 million shares. In terms of stock-based compensation, it doesn't change our objective as a company, and I think depending on how things play out next year, we should continue to see leverage, assuming next year is a growth year. If it's not a growth year in the industry, obviously, that would hurt us. But I think to the extent that it's a growth year, we should continue to see leverage in that line and maybe a blip associated with the transaction, and then we'll start to move down again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Romit Shah from Nomura securities.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Scott, you mentioned that Broadcom was seeing some macro impact on handset builds, and I was just curious if that was among Tier 1 customers versus Tier 2 or a little bit of both.
Scott A. McGregor: We're seeing macro impact across all our segments, so it's not unique to any one of them. I don't have a specific breakout for you. I can't do it on customers, but we don't see it specific to high end or low end. It's general across all of our segments.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And just trying to better understand why the combo business is holding up so much better than the rest of Mobile & Wireless.
Scott A. McGregor: Well, I think there's some other trends going on. I think Broadcom's able to take share. I think, we're moving more from the discrete chips to the combo chips. And again, as the combo capability as wireless connectivity moves down from just the higher-end smartphones and high-end feature phones into more midrange phones, there's an opportunity for share expansion there. So those are some dynamics that would be more secular rather than cyclical.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I apologize if you already covered it. For the guidance, what are the relative magnitudes of decline for the 3 businesses, please? And then I have a follow-up.
Eric K. Brandt: We generally expect them all to be down, I would say, in the places where there is a longer supply chain, like you'd find in the Infrastructure segment. To the extent that there is broader demand weakness, we'll see a combination of both, demand weakness and inventory channel effect. So that's probably the one larger place and then I think, more broadly, consistently down across the other 2 businesses.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And a quick follow-up is NFC. When should we expect to see this shipping with Broadcom solutions? And then what is the integration play in terms of timing for this?
Scott A. McGregor: I think you'll see NFC initially start as a discrete device and over time, increasingly become integrated into combo chips for the reader side of it. For the tag, it tends to be low cost, that's what you'll put in paper and posters and devices and things like that. And that will remain discrete. So I think you'll start to see that roll out in significant volume next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Lipacis from Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Scott, you mentioned LTE tiles. Can you put that into context of when you could -- when we could expect to see production revenue shipments? When do you think you'll be shipping into production handsets?
Scott A. McGregor: I can't give you an exact forecast on that, but I would not model revenue in 2012 for LTE. I think it's a past 2012 event. So we are in initial trials with carriers. But we believe to field the very strong competitive product in that space, it will take a little while to get there.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And as a follow-up, there was a question about hard disk drive impact. And I guess one indirect -- potentially indirect impact is the chips you sell on the set-top boxes would it be sometimes include or oftentimes included a PVR, and you may be indirectly impacted there. Could you help us quantify the percentage of set-top box chips that you ship that may go into a set-top box that has a PVR and therefore, potentially puts that revenue stream at risk?
Scott A. McGregor: I think about half of our chips in set-top box go into PVRs or high end, just to give you a rough estimate on that. And there is a potential for impact on those devices. We believe we have included what we understand of the issue today in our fourth quarter guidance. But I think the industry's still analyzing that.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Ellis from Caris & Company.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Scott, with the NETL deal having been announced and out there for a while, I'm interested in what you're hearing from customers on the proposed combination of the 2 companies and their technologies.
Scott A. McGregor: Generally, customers have been very supportive. We've had a lot of very productive conversations with customers that enables us to provide a much more complete solution and participate more broadly in a lot of the opportunities. So generally, favorable conversations with customers.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up contextual question for Eric. Eric, as you've looked at the landscape now and compare it to the same time in the fourth quarter of 2008, what are the positives and negatives versus then?
Eric K. Brandt: Yes, so I think the interesting thing is when you listen to -- and we've listened to some of the other companies before, some talk about demand, some talk about inventory. And as you know, we've talked about that we think that they're connected, right? When there is demand weakness, eventually the inventory levels begins to stack up, then you'd like to clear them out. I think the difference here is there isn't, at least at this point, the kind of shock to the system that we saw in 2008. And this maybe just sort of a slowing down cleaning out of inventory and snap back. At least, certainly that's our hope. I think for us, and we've tried to make this clear, I think we've been through this before. We've seen how this plays out. And so, we will sort of batten down the hatches and make tough choices, tighten up our spending and manage our business tightly as we roll into next year and probably won't make meaningful changes in resourcing until we see a bounce back. And so we played this out in 2009, and we think to the extent that 2012 plays out as 2009, we have a pretty good formula for that event.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Cassidy from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: You had mentioned lower mask cost. I wonder if you could give us little more details on that. Was that your choice? Or has there been any delays? Is that going to be a cost later on?
Eric K. Brandt: So we don't -- we certainly don't try to manage mask costs down other than the actual cost per mask. So we don't move masks in and out of a quarter. We let them go as they are as they come in. In terms of Q4, I think the slightly up on a non-GAAP basis is driven by the presumption that there will be increased mask cost in Q4. That is normal for us with respect to the fact that most people have a series of objectives to get a certain number of products out and taped out. And so they tend to sort of snow plow and shovel into Q4. And so this is not abnormal. I would say it was lighter than we thought in Q3, and many of those masks that slipped across the quarter and taped out at the very beginning of this quarter.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. As you're looking at your product portfolio, what percentage do you expect to transition to 28 nanometer?
Eric K. Brandt: Well, today, we don't have any products selling in 28 nanometer. We are taping out about 65% of our products at 40 and below. We have a roadmap in 28 and maybe I'll refer to Scott to talk a little bit more about that.
Scott A. McGregor: I think 28 nanometer is going to be an interesting process. We certainly have the test chips going out and expect to tape product chips out at 28 nanometers shortly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Devgan from Morgan Stanley.
Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First question is kind of geared towards the baseband business. You talk specifically about opportunities with Samsung and as being a growth driver. I was wondering if you can also touch on the China 3G opportunity, how that's trajecting relative to what do you anticipate and how we should view that going to 2012.
Scott A. McGregor: China is also a great opportunity for us in 3G basebands. We've won multiple designs with a variety of OEMs over there, some of which have already begun shipping. So we see that as a great growth opportunity for us as well. I think Samsung's going to be the most important and largest of our customers in the Android baseband opportunity for now. But certainly, good opportunity with China as well.
Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just A quick follow-up. Now with the NETL acquisition you have a lot of the key components in the wireless infrastructure space, whether it be the baseband processing for wireless infrastructure or whether it be 'the backhaul with the Provigent acquisition. There's been a lot of discussion as we kind of move forward specifically on the backhaul side, and we go to kind of small cells. I was wondering if the timing or the roadmap on bringing these microwave backhaul products from Provigent from the macro side to the micro side. Any kind of outlook there? How should we think about the product roadmaps kind of melding in this wireless infrastructure in general, given that you have so many blocks of IP geared towards this market?
Scott A. McGregor: I think you've made a good observation, and certainly between Provigent, we acquired a company called Percello, which also does femto and small cells. we have done a variety of things in terms of backhaul, in terms of fiber, very strong position there. Switch, obviously, and NetLogic fills in some additional pieces with processors. We also have strong DSP capability within the company. So your observation that we have a large number of pieces to go after that market is correct and certainly, an interesting opportunity going forward, and we'll announce additional products as they come forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Shawn Webster from Macquarie.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Can you remind us again what your total percent of sales is for the combo chip segment? You said it was majority of connectivity, and I'm just wondering if you could clarify that. And also what your mix of -- within your infrastructure, what your service provider versus enterprise is?
Scott A. McGregor: Combo is indeed the majority of our connectivity business at this point, but I don't have other numbers for you there.
Eric K. Brandt: Service providers, roughly 40%; enterprise is roughly 30% of the overall Infrastructure business.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then Eric, in terms of the operating expenses going into Q4, that other bucket outside of the $666 million, do you expect other charges there in Q4?
Eric K. Brandt: Other than the second part of that restructuring charge, so the $6 million on top of the $17 million that we booked, I'm not aware of any. Had I been aware, we would have booked them already, so I'm not aware of any.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Freedman from RBC Capital Markets.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Scott, for you, if you could talk a little bit about your strategy in the applications processor market. I believe you've set some goals for the company and if you could sort of share where you see your development efforts going there. And in that, could you also talk a little bit about the ramp of Nokia and the 3G ramp and what the timing of that now that we've gotten closer to it?
Scott A. McGregor: So on application processors, I think, it's certainly an observation that we have not had the most cutting-edge application processes. We have a strategy to bundle them with our basebands, which we think is spot on and the right thing to do and will be majority of the cellular business over time. What we've done is we've put a lot of investment into upping our game in application processors, and I think you've seen us announce processors now north of gigahertz, and you'll see us announce multi-core, multi-thread, faster processors over the course of the next year. So I'd say within the next year, you should see us competitive, strongly competitive in the application processors space. And again, wait for the products to get announced and judge for yourself on that. In terms of Nokia, we've said we expect the 3G ramp in 2012. Unfortunately, as we get closer, I can't give you more clarity on that. We want to protect the proprietary nature of Nokia's business and as they roll out products and whatnot. But we do expect to rollout 3G with Nokia next year.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: All right. If I could, as a follow-up, Eric, could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of foundry pricing? Is there any gross margin good news out of the fact that we are going through this sort of industry-wide inventory correction? And I believe there's plenty of foundry capacity available these days. Is it helping out on the pricing side?
Eric K. Brandt: Yes, what I would say is that it's spotty at this point. I think it's sort of lagging to the extent that there are spot-by opportunities. As a multi-foundry player, we can certainly take advantage of those, and we did in Q2 and Q3. So we're keeping our eyes open. Having said that, I think what we talked about a couple of years ago in terms of better design of our product as we move to 40 nanometer and optimizing some of the 65 and even optical shrinks to 60, that's one of the reasons why we've been able to hold our gross margin so rock-solid as our consumer businesses continue to grow as a percentage of our mix. And I think that, that will continue as we sort of roll into next year. And to the extent there is good foundry pricing, we will certainly be one of the first to jump on it.
Operator: Our next question is from Stacy Rasgon from Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So my first one, I just wanted to clarify regarding your step-up in OpEx for Q1 for fringe and everything else. Did you imply that, that was going to be higher than the $45 million that we saw in the beginning of 2011? That's kind of what I understood you had said. If you could clarify that. And also give us some indicator for how the fringe tends to step down over the course of the year, that would be helpful.
Eric K. Brandt: Okay. So Stacy, typically the way it works is it would be the $45 million plus what we estimate roughly in terms of headcount growth and any sort of merit. So if you include the acquisitions we've done in Q -- we did in Q4 of last year, we're probably looking at about 8% or 9%, maybe 8.5% headcount growth and then a couple of 3%, 3.5% in terms of sort of a typical estimate on the merit side. So if you use 10% to 12% on a step-up on that $45 million, that's the way it should work now it begins to come down across the year somewhere between $10 million and $15 million a quarter in typically, probably the $10-ish million a quarter Q2, Q3 and Q4 depending on sort of how it runs its way out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ruben Roy from Mizuho Securities.
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Scott, first of all can you talk about what was behind the timing of discontinuing the DTV and Blu-ray? And I think you said that you're shifting your focus. Is there something near term that you're seeing within the broadband business that you're shifting focus to? And in light of a maturing modem market on the DSL side especially, do you think broadband grows next year?
Scott A. McGregor: I think in the DTV and Blu-ray business, we originally went into that business thinking that we could create a highly-differentiated strategy with Internet capability and over-the-top capability built into TV sets. That market has just remained stubbornly commodity relatively-low margin and difficult to differentiate and brutal pricing. I don't think anybody makes very much money certainly in the customer side, very tough to make money in that business overall. So we did a portfolio decision, which is we would reallocate the cost to things we thought were higher growth opportunities across all of Broadcom, not just in broadband itself. So while some of those resources were redeployed into the rest of our Broadband business, it also gave us an opportunity to reinvest some of those into things like application processors and cellular basebands to get more competitive in that space as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from C.J. Muse from Barclays Capital.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, first question, in terms of the subdued end-markets, you talked about strength in BRIC nations. So curious in terms of developed economies, whether you're seeing broad-based weakness or there are certain geographic areas that are driving weakness today.
Scott A. McGregor: I think Europe and the United States are driving more of the weakness than the rest of the world. I think we're seeing relative strength in BRIC and Asia in general versus the Europe and American markets just overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just on the OpEx for the first quarter, I guess, is that a GAAP or a pro forma number? And if I look at headcount, it looks like it was up in the third quarter about 18% year-over-year. So the math you just gave about the fringe side of things, are we talking kind of the $45 million you mentioned, you add on to that fringe, and it gets you into the $50 million to $55 million range, is a ballpark in the absolute?
Eric K. Brandt: So the number I gave was GAAP, so it's both stock-based comp, fringe and merit, so it's altogether. Last year, the stock-based comp was about $15 million. But in there was part of our employee stock purchase plan adjustments. So and your number actually, I think, is off slightly. Quarter -- year-on-year, Q3 is, I think, 14% to 15%, but recall in Q4, we had 3 acquisitions closed and so that will dramatically slow the growth rate that you'll see relative to what you see Q3 over Q3. So if you take that $45 million and sort of do 10%, 12% on top of it, that's probably a good starting point for what those 3 pieces are on a GAAP basis. And if you want to assume that $12 million to $15 million of that is stock-based comp, that's probably decent starting point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Caso from Susquehanna Financial.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: When you announced the NetLogic acquisition, you had talked about funding that acquisition through cash flow over the next several quarters. Given that the revenue slowdown in this more difficult environment, does that change your view on how you may fund the acquisition?
Eric K. Brandt: So we had always left open the opportunity to go to the capital market potentially for debt. We don't intend to use equity consistent with what we said. Today, we have $4.2 billion net cash outlay on this transaction. It's probably in the vicinity of 3.4. So we already have plenty of cash to do the deal, and we will generate, unless something strange happens, just based on the guidance, probably in the vicinity of $350 million to $450 million of cash flow in Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Amir from Lazard Capital Markets.
Daniel L. Amir - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Can you -- on the Networking segment, can you compare kind of what you're seeing there into next quarter and the following, comparing to your other 2 businesses? I mean, is it -- do you see real growth opportunity in the Network segment once we go over this hurdle? Or do you expect it maybe to kind of underperform growth in the next couple of quarters, just because of the weakness, the bit you're seeing on the service provider front?
Scott A. McGregor: I think long term, we definitely see our Infrastructure business as a growing opportunity. Certainly, our goal has been to expand the overall TAM or total available market for that business looking at, we talked earlier on the call, about cellular infrastructure. There's certainly the opportunity to, with our NetLogic acquisition, pursue a lot of the markets you would see in the processor space. And so we believe that, plus 10 gig is a great opportunity. Our switch products are very strong in that space. I think there's just a variety of things we can do overall in that business. We've also announced a number of other things in terms of automotive and other stuff. So there's a lot of opportunity broadly in that business for growth. I think also, as Romley starts to deploy, we'll see some pickup on a more cycle-specific basis for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: The 40 [indiscernible] per second Ethernet market seems to be getting a little bit of traction here. Just curious what product types you guys think will be the best opportunity for you to address that opportunity.
Scott A. McGregor: So we definitely believe that, again, bandwidth is just exploding. And so 10 gig will move to 40, move to 100. So we will definitely deploy products in that space. Many of our switches today have 40 gig uplinks. And so we see that as a great opportunity going forward. And obviously, we expect to be very competitive in that space.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wong from Wells Fargo.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Could you give us an update on where you are on 4G baseband products? Are they sampling yet? Or if not, when do you expect that to sample? And roughly what percent of your wireless division sales are wireless handset baseline products at the moment?
Scott A. McGregor: So I mentioned before that our LTE products are in carrier trial, and we don't expect revenue from those now through 2012. By the way, many people define 4G as different kinds of things. Some people believe LTE is 4G, other believe that HSPA+ is 4G. We certainly have HSPA+ products in the market. And so depending on how you count 4G, we'll have a number of products there. We don't disclose our cellular mix. I'm sorry, I can't give you any more color on the other part of your question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anil Doradla from William Blair.
Anil K. Doradla - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: A couple of questions. On the low-end design wins for 3G, are most of these increment design wins typically include connectivity? Or are they typically baseband? And can you give us a sense of what is the typical content on this for you guys?
Scott A. McGregor: The low-end Android that I was talking about are both the baseband, and typically, we also win the connectivity at the same time. So we'll often see a full complement of chips from Broadcom in those devices.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra from Robert Baird.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Do you see or do you expect the deterioration in the pricing trends for certain of your products? And what will it take, from a macro environment standpoint, to see your gross margin go down further from your Q4 guidance? And also, do you expect OEM auction on inventories to be lower at year-end than currently able, on the basis of your guidance?
Scott A. McGregor: So in terms of declining prices, I think, our industry normally sees prices decline on average of about 10% per year. And that's factored into our business model. It's been a little less than the last few years, and the pricing environment held up a little more, simply because a lot of the prices that we depend on like gold and oil and plastics and other assembly and wafers and things like that have not declined in line with industry norms. So we don't expect anything unusual going on in the pricing environment. In terms of margins, we don't see anything unusual in that space, so nothing particularly unusual to report there.
Eric K. Brandt: Yes, the only -- I would say the standard margin actually as it turns out and going into Q4 is going up. And standard margin is defined as the underlying margin on the product mix adjusted including price. And the thing that's driving the flat to down guidance is the absorption of the overhead of manufacturing on a much lower revenue base. So in Q3, we benefited from an absorption impact offset by mix, as we saw very strong growth in consumer products. And in Q4, we actually have some benefit in standard margin offset by the absorption impact of the lower revenue on the overhead number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Snyder from Charter Equity Research.
Unknown Analyst - : This is Brian Kram [ph]. I'm actually filling in for Ed today. Just had a question surrounding baseband sales. Given that last quarter there was an uptick in guidance attributed to Samsung, why shouldn't we see more seasonal strength going into the fourth quarter in baseband sales?
Scott A. McGregor: We definitely believe we've won a number of designs and certainly see that. But overall, when we look at our Wireless business, we see it net being down.
Operator: Our next question is from Srini Pajjuri from CLSA Securities.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Scott, on the Samsung 3G win that you discussed, I guess, if you take a step back, you guys had a very strong presence in 2G, and it's good to see that you're making progress in 3G as well. But it looks like it did take you guys a little longer to make that progress in 3G. I'm just wondering. Kind of understanding the competitive landscape, is it any different in 3G? And also why -- I'm just curious as to why you're doing well in the low end and not so well in the high end. And then finally if you can touch upon how we should think about the opportunity in the low end versus high end, as we look out to the next 4 to 6 quarters.
Scott A. McGregor: I have to point out that we've been shipping 3G for now for 2 years or so. So it's not our first 3G win. Our first wins in the low-end Android space, the high-volume Android space. So let me just clarify that. And Samsung's done a great job creating products there. They're taking share and creating really innovative products. We're winning in the Android space because we've got a very cost-effective product, and I think our strategy of integrating basebands with application processors is really playing off there, as people look for economic ways to deliver on smartphones. In terms of why we haven't done as well in the high end is because we haven't delivered products in the high end at this point. We targeted low to midrange in those devices, so that's where our wins are. I think what we've said over the last couple of quarters is that we've shifted our investment to target more the high end. It takes a little while to develop those products, but in terms of upping our game on both cellular modems and on application processors, we're definitely making those investments now, and I think you'll see, over the next couple of years, we'll shift our strategy to win not only in the midrange where we play today, but also to pick up high-end business as well. So that covers that space.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I'll turn it back over to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Scott A. McGregor: So thank you for joining us today. In closing, we believe our integrated product offerings and scalable business model position Broadcom for where the market is heading. We're pressing our strategic and financial advantages right now to continue to invest in the areas that will bring us future growth. Also, we look forward to seeing you at our 2011 Analyst Day in New York this time, on December 14. And if you need any additional details on this event, please give Chris or John a call. Thank you very much, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Eric Brandt - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Scott McGregor - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Chris Zegarelli - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank Sandeep Shyamsukha - Auriga USA LLC Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley Daniel Amir - Lazard Capital Markets LLC James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc. Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch Romit Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC Arnab Chanda - Roth Capital Partners, LLC Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Monday, July 25, 2011. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Chris Zegarelli, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Chris Zegarelli: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Broadcom's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. I'm joined today by Scott McGregor, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Eric Brandt, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Broadcom's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the earnings release in our 10-Q, which were furnished and filed, respectively, with the SEC today and are available on our website. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances.  Additionally, throughout this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Today's earnings release and the related current report on Form 8-K describe the differences between our non-GAAP and GAAP reporting and present a reconciliation between the 2 for the period reported in the release. Please also see the Investors section of our website at www.broadcom.com for a slide deck that includes additional information disclosed in accordance with SEC Regulation G.  With that, let me turn the call over to Scott.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. Broadcom performed well in the June quarter with revenue consistent with the guidance provided in April. Our total quarterly revenue was $1.8 billion which, on a product basis, was up almost 13% year-over-year. I'm also pleased to report stronger earnings than we anticipated due to solid product cost improvements and expense discipline that delivered significant growth in operating results. With a boost in profitability, we had record cash flow from operations that surpassed 27% of revenue. Our strong free cash flow enabled about $350 million in acquisitions and about $300 million in share repurchases and dividends with minimal impact to our cash balance. This demonstrates our ability to pursue strategic objectives while at the same time returning capital to shareholders.  I'll now turn the call over to Eric for details on the second quarter results and third quarter guidance, and then I'll go into the details on our highlights and discuss the trajectory for continued growth with our customers.
Eric Brandt: Thanks, Scott. As Chris mentioned, please refer to the data breakout in the Investors section of our website for additional financial information that will supplement my financial commentary.   Moving to the financial overview. To summarize for Q2, total revenue of $1.8 billion including $1.74 billion in product revenue. Q2 total net revenue was up approximately 12% from prior year and down 1% from Q1 level. Q2 total GAAP gross margin increased 40 basis points to 51.1% from Q1. GAAP product gross margin increased 70 basis points to 49.6% and non-GAAP product gross margin increased 60 basis points to 51.1%. Q2 GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were up $9 million to $686 million, which includes a nonrecurring legal fee of $25 million related to the derivative settlement. Net of this nonrecurring item, R&D and SG&A expenses were down $16 million sequentially.  GAAP earnings per share for Q2 were $0.31 per share, including a negative $0.14 of onetime items. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.72 per share, above First Call Consensus of $0.63 per share. Cash flow from operations for Q2 was a record $489 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance was $3.8 billion, down slightly from Q1. Moving to revenue and gross margin. In April, we said we expected Q2 total net revenue to be approximately $1.75 billion to $1.85 billion. Total net revenue ended at $1.8 billion. Our Broadband Communications segment was up slightly less than expected, principally due to weakness in consumer electronics and some continued inventory issues in set-top box. The Mobile & Wireless segment was down as anticipated due to some softness at a number of key customers. Our Infrastructure and Networking segment was roughly flat as expected.  Our Q2 GAAP product gross margin increased 70 basis points to 49.6%, which is significantly better than our expectations, including the impact of Provigent. This translates to 51.1% on a non-GAAP basis. This increase was primarily due to cost improvements as we continue to increase our mix of 65-nanometer optimized products. Moving to operating expenses. Total R&D and SG&A expenses for Q2 were up $9 million from Q1 levels, which, if normalized for the $25 million of nonrecurring legal fees related to the derivative settlement, is actually down $16 million relative to the flat sequential guidance provided in April. This benefit was principally driven by favorability in legal spending, offset by increases in design and development costs.  During the quarter, the company also recorded nonrecurring GAAP charges of $74 million associated with the impairment of acquisition intangibles and $25 million in charitable contributions, offset by settlement gains of $45 million, principally associated with the termination of the derivative action. These items are discussed in more detail in our Form 10-Q filed today. Moving to the balance sheet. As I mentioned earlier, cash flow from operations was a record $489 million for Q2. Cash and marketable securities ended Q2 at $3.8 billion. We returned roughly $300 million in capital to shareholders in the quarter in the form of dividends and share repurchases, as well as acquired Provigent and SC Square for approximately $350 million. Year-to-date, the company has repurchased approximately 17 million shares of its stock. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding improved to 35 days in Q2. In addition, net inventory levels decreased slightly in the quarter. Moving to expectations. We currently expect net revenue in Q3 to be roughly $1.9 billion to $2 billion. Sequential revenue will be up across all segments, and our Mobile & Wireless business will rebound sharply, up double digits driven by strength across all lines of business. We expect Q3 GAAP product gross margin to be flat to up slightly and within our GAAP targeted model. We expect GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses to be roughly flat to down $10 million with Q2's $686 million.  Excluding the $25 million settlement related nonrecurring legal fee in Q2, expenses would be up roughly $15 million to $25 million sequentially in Q3. Expense growth is driven by anticipated increases in 40-nanometer masked spending and employee cost as well as some increase in litigation spending as certain IP cases come to trial.  And now I'd like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor: Thanks, Eric. Starting with the Home Platform, our Broadband Communications revenue increased 5% sequentially with solid sales from core set-top boxes and broadband modems offset by a decline in our consumer businesses. Broadband revenue growth would have been roughly doubled sequentially, excluding the soft sales of our consumer electronics products. We are benefiting from Digital subscriber growth in emerging markets along with the a global increase in HD broadcasting, providing strong orders for set-top box silicon solutions.  Our broadband modem business continued to show solid growth, driven by an increase cable modem volume for DOCSIS 3.0, strong VDSL2 Central Office and CPE shipments and continued strength in ADSL2+ revenue. During the quarter, we announced a major innovation in full band capture, the industry's first 1 gigahertz full band capture digital tuner integrated into 3 new IP set-top box and DOCSIS 3.0 gateway SoC solutions. These 40-nanometer devices deliver the cable turner density and performance that operators need to convert current cable systems to IP-based video platforms while significantly reducing the bill of materials, power and footprint.  Residential gateways have become the fastest-growing segment of broadband CPE devices as more hybrid IP-based solutions provide content delivery and services throughout the home as well as to connected devices. We expect broadband revenue growth to continue in the September quarter driven by new product cycles and increases in the adoption of high-definition pay TV services and content across the globe. Moving to Infrastructure. Our Infrastructure & Networking business was stronger than expected with record revenue driven by our industry-leading switching and PHY solutions. We continue to see strength in our switching portfolio from new product adoptions and service provider broadband network upgrades in Ethernet access, mobile backhaul and packet transport. With the rapid growth of content that challenges data centers, networking infrastructure is moving to 10 gigabit Ethernet solutions. We expect the strong adoption of our high-bandwidth, energy-efficient and low latency 10-gigabit products will be a revenue growth driver over the next few years.  In Q2, we introduced our latest EPON solutions designed to address China's fastest-growing broadband technology. These single-chip solutions are highly integrated 1 gigabit EPON SoCs and includes switch, PHY, MAC and CPU. They allow carriers to quickly deploy solutions with the fewest possible components at lower power and reduced system cost.  We began to ship our latest fully interoperable FCoE offload solutions on converged network adapter platforms with performance speeds of up to 1.7 million IOPS, which is more than 80% faster than our nearest competitor. This solution has been fully qualified by industry-leading OEMs such as Cisco, Dell and EMC. Finally, we announced that Alcatel-Lucent utilized our Premier Custom IC Program to develop and deploy the industry's first 400 gigabit-per-second network processor, leveraging our advanced design methodology, extensive IP library and over 100 customized libraries. Broadcom is an important player in ASIC, as well as merchant silicon. For the September quarter, we expect strong sequential revenue growth across all of our Infrastructure end markets. Moving to our Hand Platform, our Mobile & Wireless segment experienced a 5% sequential decline in revenue, which was in line with our expectations. We expect our Mobile & Wireless segment revenue to increase by double digits sequentially in Q3, with strong growth across all lines of business. Growth in Q3 is driven by seasonal strength in wireless connectivity, combo chips, baseband and multimedia core processors in cellular handsets, tablets and other consumer devices.  In Q2, we announced our newest Bluetooth wireless LAN single-die combo chip, expanding the opportunity for OEMs to deliver innovation in PCs supporting next-generation Windows and Android systems. This powerfully integrated 40-nanometer device provides a significant reduction in footprint, a lower bill of materials and a 40% reduction in power consumption. By extending our leadership in wireless connectivity to 40 nanometers, we're delivering the most cost-effective and industry-proven integrated solutions for the wireless handset, tablet and PC markets.  Our innovative solutions continue to drive the most advanced wireless LAN and Bluetooth features into a broadening range of phones, tablets, consumer electronics and PC devices, leveraging our differentiated architecture, software and other enhancements to unleash the creativity of device-makers. In summary, we're seeing increasing attach rates for our wireless connectivity devices and phones, tablets and a number of connected home and consumer electronic products. We have new competitive 40-nanometer parts, strong momentum in switching and increased addressable market opportunities all across our business. Broadcom excels at silicon integration and our focus remains creating outstanding communications and connectivity products that enable us to grow our market share while maintaining strong profitability. Our Q3 guidance is a strong and reflects significant sales expansion across our strategic business segments. This concludes our prepared comments, and we're now ready for your questions. Monica, may we have the first question please?
Operator: Our first question comes from Romit Shah of Nomura.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Scott, given what we're hearing broadly across other regions in terms of GDP, and then, if you look at some of the company specific results from microchip and in Qualcomm not being that great in their outlook, what would you highlight as the biggest company-specific drivers for Broadcom here in the third quarter? Because the guidance does looks pretty good.
Scott McGregor: The guidance is good and I can't speak for those other companies, but we're certainly seeing our markets rebound nicely to give us the guidance that we do have. I think we were sub-seasonal in the first quarter and so we certainly get some benefit, maybe, from rebounding a bit there. But Broadcom has very strong products right now and we do see an opportunity to grow our market.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Do you think in the second quarter that you burned inventory in the wireless channels? And is that helping you at all?
Scott McGregor: I don't think we burn inventory. The question is, did some of our customers bleed off inventory? I think we'll know more on that as the year goes by, but we said earlier that we were seeing some pickup and some share gains in our connectivity. We said that in our last earnings call, so I think that growth certainly helps us a little bit here and others might not seeing that.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay, great. And then just a last question for me. In terms of Provigent, can we get the revenue contribution for the June quarter? And if any, for September?
Eric Brandt: It's Eric, Romit. I can only give you what we did for the June quarter broadly, which would be roughly -- would be single-digit millions, so limited to no impact to the revenue in Q2.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Vivek Arya of Bank of America.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch: Scott, a major investor question has been competitive changes and your very high growth connectivity in business, especially from the likes of Qualcomm, Atheros. Our next deal in Qualcomm is turning to launch a 28-nanometer product. My question is where can Broadcom be surprised in the connectivity side? And what specifically are you doing to maintain your edge in this market?
Scott McGregor: Broadcom has very strong connectivity products and I think the key elements of that is made up of a few things. One is we have best in class IP and each of the things that go into our connectivity combo products. And like a chain, if you have one link that's weak, then the whole chain is weak. And we've got extremely strong links in our chain. We've moved to 40-nanometer. And also our concept of integration is a little different than others in that we include all the analog and radio as well as the digital pieces. Some of our competitors are including all the digital stuff within digital chips and not including the analog pieces. So you got to be a little careful when you hear what some of the competition says. It's not always an apples-to-apples comparison.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch: So as you look out at the design win activity for the next few quarters, how is the market share playing out in terms of design wins for major products?
Scott McGregor: Well, we typically can see about a year ahead in terms of the designs that are being done now and awarded and give us visibility over that period, and we don't see anything that would represent any significant challenge to our market leadership in combo chips over that period of time. We have very, very strong technology. And again, in our last earnings call, we said we even expected we would gain a little bit of share as some of the people who are using still discrete products more towards our combo chips.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then lastly, on the cellular basement side, I think you had mentioned a couple of drivers in the past, for example, 3G ramp that Nokia, some socket wins at Chinese handset players and just the mass market Android opportunity. Where are we in those ramps? Are they progressing per your expectations? And when can we see the baseband business start picking up?
Scott McGregor: [indiscernible] baseband business picking up in Q3, again one of the segments we said would grow. But in general, we believe that our 3G business with Nokia will start in 2012 as we've said for quite a while, and we're looking at Android opportunities in China and elsewhere. And we've begun to ship those in small quantities, but most of that volume growth is ahead of us.
Operator: The next question comes from James Schneider of Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Scott, I was wondering if you could provide a little more color on the baseband business? In terms of the uptick you're expecting in Q3, is that coming from basically existing customers in existing platforms? Or is there mix of new customers coming in there as well?
Scott McGregor: It's a mix but primarily existing customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Ellis of Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Eric, following up on the point on some improvement in gross margin on cost reduction and cost improvement. Is that really 40 nanometer that's starting to show through? Or are those other initiatives that are bearing fruit?
Eric Brandt: It's really other initiatives. 40 nanometer is still only about 1% of our revenue. It's in the vicinity of 50% of our tape-outs today and more and more of the dedicated tape-outs. It's second- and third-generation 65-nanometer part. Strong work on the part of our ops team. And I think as we roll into Q3 certainly some absorption benefit of nonstandard cost as we grow meaningfully off of Q2.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Okay, and then, just a bigger picture question. Nice outlook across the board. As we look at the Mobile & Wireless guidance especially given all the share shift amongst tablet and smartphone OEMs, how do you ensure that your wafer starts and builds are on track with what will probably be consumption for those types of products?
Scott McGregor: We spend a lot of time talking with our customers and working with our operations team to do our best to get that number right. I think one of the advantages we have is because we do have high share and good spread across all the customers is that we're relatively insulated from share shift between the customers. And so the number of units that sell if 1 customer gains or loses share, we'll typically pick it up on other customers. And so that gives us a little more predictability in the market. But that's obviously something we spend a lot of time in conversations with customers to get that right, and we're talking many hundreds of millions of chips we have to develop for these customers. And so it's important to get that right.
Operator: Next question comes from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: Scott, a couple of questions. First any way to quantify how big the tablet opportunity was in Q2 or expected to be in Q3? In addition, any 10% customers in June are expected in September? And then my last question, when you talk about 10-Gig E [10-Gigabit Ethernet] opportunity, can you help us size that opportunity and I guess how quickly you would expect that to develop?
Scott McGregor: So on the tablet market, I don't know that number off on top of my head, but we do see the tablet market growing and diversifying. There are quite a few tablet OEMs out there, some a lot more successful than others, but we still a lot of people innovating and coming out with new solutions there and overall growing that market. But I don't have a specific number for you. On 10% customers, we only break that out on an annual basis, so I can't give you any news on that one. 10 Gigabit Ethernet, we do see that as a long-term trend over the next few years. Certainly, in the data centers, it's become extremely important as just the video demand has gone up. We can probably get you some numbers and point you to some third-party analysts to look at the forecast for that. If you follow up with Chris or John, we can get you those numbers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Berger of FBR.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Can you just describe what you see as the primary cellular baseband opportunities in 2012 and also give us an update on your 4G traction?
Scott McGregor: So the largest opportunities for us certainly are 3G expanding at Nokia. That's been a number of years in coming, and so we do expect that to happen in 2012. Probably one of the other biggest drivers for us is Android as smartphones based on Android hit new low cost points that we think will really drive volume. And that's both a China phenomena and an outside of China phenomena. So I think those are two things that are important there. On 4G, we continue to work on LTE. We've got a pretty good-sized team on that and we expect to go to carrier trials this year but I can't say much more about the timing there. We'll announce those chips when they're ready to go for customers.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And just as a follow-up, looking at the broadband business, I guess set-top boxes have some inventory issues. When do you see that resolving and getting back to a growth path?
Scott McGregor: Hard to say. The inventory we saw last quarter was very specific to 1 or 2 customers, and we're seeing it sort of scattered a little more broadly, and that's dampened the growth a little bit. Although equally dampening the growth in our broadband business has been just the extreme weakness in the consumer electronics, in particular, digital television market. I think you're seeing cries of pain from a lot of the players in that space, but we do believe it's up in Q3. So we definitely see a path forward for that business growing in Q3.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur of JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Scott, to an earlier point that you made, I mean the team is constantly ramping new products. And so of the incremental growth that you're expecting in the third quarter, how much of it is from new products that you've launched over the past several months? You've got things like the fourth generation 4330 combo connectivity product. You've got the 2157 Android 3G baseband reference platform, and you also have things like your Data Center 10 gigabit switching solutions as examples?
Scott McGregor: It's a fair question. I don't have the percentage at my fingertips, but certainly, the 4330 will probably be our highest-volume product for all Broadcom in the next 12 months. So that's certainly a big product there and, some of the others you mentioned important as well. Some of the 40-nanometer products we have in broadband, and certainly, some of the switch products are doing very well in our Infrastructure group. So I don't have that number. But generally, most of our revenue is products launched over the last 18 months, and so give you a sense that we tend to be an innovation and product cycle-driven company rather than a macroeconomics-driven company.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, got it. And then on the broadband side, can you just give us a sense of what are the moving parts that are contributing to the growth in Q3 from a geographical perspective? Is it China triple play? Is it the SD to HD and advanced services migrations in the U.S? Is it India? Any color there would be great.
Scott McGregor: Sure, I can help you a little bit there. We certainly see the SD to HD trend as a long-term trend and helps us a little bit in that space. We've seen good growth from the Satellite side. China continues to be something that drives there especially in the Infrastructure side and DSL side, but we see some benefit there. And I think the move to home gateways is something we see as a broader trend. Home gateways really allow us to put a lot more silicon into the boxes and drive the ASP there. So those are some of the things that drive that on a broader sense.
Operator: The next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: First of all, Eric, can I just understand how we should think about OpEx? You'd done a great job keeping it down, but specifically, are there any, beside bonus and major awards, accruals first quarter just so that we don't see it catch-up on the OpEx, somewhere? Any comments you can make as to how we think about OpEx especially around accruals for some major works?
Eric Brandt: I don't think there are any abnormal accruals. So this quarter, there's that $25 million payment that was made to the derivative attorney, which is what causes this OpEx to actually be down $16 million quarter-on-quarter on a GAAP basis. And that's principally driven by favorability in legal -- some favorability in employee costs.. Obviously the fringe rate [ph] steps down. As we look forward, the guidance we gave you is really 3 things. It's design and development, which is tape-outs as more and more tape-outs go to 40-nanometer particularly on dedicated. Some employee cost benefits, the fringe thing pretty much just washed itself out by Q3 and a little bit of pickup in legal basically due to some of the IP cases come in trial, like the Emulex [ph] trial. But even in the face of all of that, we still think probably flat to down $10 million on a GAAP basis as we roll through Q3. We don't guide more than 1 quarter out. And so we said that we would be more attenuated across the year. We think we have -- and I don't think that changes as we look at Q4 either.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: A follow-up question for Scott. Scott, when I look at your comments around Infrastructure and I look back to some of the comments made by the wireless, by some of the carriers in terms of second half CapEx, it's a little less bullish than what your guidance will imply. Can you just kind of walk me through, either by geography or by specific programs, where you're seeing these trends in the Infrastructure business that you have?
Scott McGregor: Infrastructure is made up of carriers but also data centers, and we do see opportunity for data center growth, as well as carriers, but we're definitely seeing China as remaining a driver on that and we're seeing people generally upgrade bandwidth in that space. And so it was quite broad-based, and we expect our growth is broad-based into Q3. So in some cases, we are taking share. And again, as you probably know, one of the overall objectives for Broadcom is to grow faster than the market and take share. And so this is one of the ways we do it and evidence of us being successful at doing that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Yeung of Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: I guess two questions here. First off, we're now kind of removed from the Japan earthquake, but we still had some companies suggest that there's some volatility in the supply chain because of that. I wonder if you could just discuss in 2 ways: one, are you seeing still any volatility from your customers because of the earthquake? And then secondly, are you -- is there volatility in your own orders to the supply chain as a result of what happened there? And the second question I have is specifically in the networking side. We're picking up that you're gaining some share from in-house ASICs, and I wonder if you can address that, give us a sense as to how much that opportunity is and how sustainable it might be?
Scott McGregor: So the Japan quake, I would say at this point things are beginning to normalize. We still see spot shortages of things like substrates and we often have to jump through hoops to get some of the product out the door because of some spot shortages. But in general, we don't believe that's impacting revenue at this point. There's still a few customer issues that we need to work, but so lots of activity below the surface, but at the surface, all is calm on that front. So I think we're through the Japan quake. I don't expect going into Q3 that will have any revenue impact or major customer disruptions. That being said, I think our ops team is still struggling and working really hard to make sure it all looks smooth like that because, again, we do see some supplier issues remaining but that'll sort out, I think, as we go through the rest of the year. In terms of gaining share versus in-house ASICs, Broadcom has for a long time said that we believe it's a major trend from in-house ASICs to merchant silicon across the board on Infrastructure at the remaining large OEMs who still use internal ASICs. We believe that's a long-term trend. There's still, if you look at the market size for internally done ASICs, there's a very large opportunity for us. And I think you can see we work in a number of different models. The Alcatel announcement we made is a great example of partnering with someone to do a semi-merchant silicon custom ASIC where we combine a lot of the libraries and technology we have into an ASIC, so it's much more than an ASIC. It's a much closer partnership. And then, we also see other customers moving more towards that merchant silicon. I can't be specific in terms of customers other than that, but we do see it as a growth opportunity going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava of BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Quick one for you, Eric. Operating income or operating margins looking at Mobile & Wireless down versus higher revenues in the year-over-year basis. And then I have a longer-term follow-up for Scott, please.
Eric Brandt: Yes. So the reason you'd see that is because we've been adding resources to that business over the course of last year and to this year. And so as you get the back half of last year's as wrap-around for this year on flat to down 5% growth sequentially, you would see the effect to operating margins. I think we've said pretty clearly that differentially we've been adding resources to that side of the business and I think that's all you're seeing. There's nothing else meaningful behind that at all.
Scott McGregor: Plus acquisitions.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And Scott, we, all of us, including me, we spend so much time on your Mobile & Wireless business. And maybe because, and I'll be the first one to admit, I don't understand the Infra, all the moving parts. Could you please help us understand not just next quarter, just kind of longer term, maybe a few quarters out, what are the big drivers that you see in the Infra and the Networking business?
Scott McGregor: So if I look across all of our businesses, in the broadband business, we see the continued trend there towards things like gateways, like moving more towards SD to HD and really adding additional silicon content in the devices is our opportunity there. In the Infrastructure and Networking side, certainly the migration to 10-Gigabit Ethernet is a positive one for us. It's an upgrade cycle across the industry, drives higher silicon values. Switching overall is a growth driver for us, the switching business doing extremely well. And then we've also made some acquisitions in that space that are doing well. A great example is the Provigent microwave business, which is a rapidly growing business as cellular infrastructure is deployed. Now all of it can be hooked up with optical fiber and so a lot of the rural deployment of infrastructure is deployed via microwave. And our acquisition there and our business there is the number 1 merchant silicon provider in that space. And then of course in the Wireless business, as you said, you follow that. But certainly, Wireless LAN and Cellular and GPS in the future NFC, those are drivers in that space.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Caso of Susquehanna.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: I guess I'll go back to the part of the business that we spent 80% of our time on, on the Wireless. And really two questions there with respect to the Wireless Combo business. I wonder if you could be more specific with regard to -- what's changing with regard to the technology either on your side or with the industry standards that will help you to maintain your market share and your lead in that combo business? And then as we look into next year, that business -- the wireless combo business, obviously getting -- gotten very large. What's your confidence that, that continues to be a growth business over the next year or 2 years?
Scott McGregor: So let me take those in turn here. Combo technology is something that's moving very quickly. And if you look each of the components that we put in the combo chips, each one of them is moving quickly. So for example, Bluetooth moving to Bluetooth, low energy moving to other additions to that technology, also moving to lower power 40-nanometer, things like that. We see GPS evolving very rapidly as there are new constellations of satellites that are going up, certainly GLONASS from the Russian Federation. The Japanese have put up a handful of satellites that kind of figure-eight orbit over Japan. China is putting a constellation in place and the European Union is putting up a constellation, and each one of those has very different requirements and different needs there. Also, location-based services and homologation data where you take not just the GPS data but you take data from Wireless LAN and cellular towers and FM radio stations and all kinds of things, sensors, all kinds of things to create location, that's a very rapidly moving area. Wireless LAN moving to technologies like AC and AD. AC technology, a channel bonding technology that gives you dramatically higher bandwidth; AD technology moving to 60 gigahertz, which would give you extremely fast data transfer at relatively short distances but allow you to transfer un-encoded movies and rapidly download media between devices. So we're excited about that. NFC, a new technology coming out, and then there are a variety of other technologies we will be adding to combo chips over time. So with a lot of moving pieces and a lot of moving parts, it goes back to that "You need to have best in class in each one of the areas," and we see a number of our customers coming out -- or competitors coming out where they'll maybe have an okay Bluetooth but they're short in Wireless LAN or their GPS doesn't support all the constellations or other kinds of things. And I think being on top of all of that and being the company best at integrating all the analog and digital components for that, we think we've got a very strong technology lead versus our competition, and that's the fundamental basis for our leadership position today, and we think we can keep that.
Operator: Next question comes from Daniel Amir of Lazard Capital Markets.
Daniel Amir - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: A couple of questions. First of all, can you comment a bit about where the inventory situation stands in kind of different end markets? Do you feel it's normal for this time of year in terms of seasonality? And then the follow-up question is, what needs to happen in your opinion in order for the broadband set-top box business to kind of return to a more normal level as it used to be historically? It seems like it's been multiple quarters where this business has been under pressure?
Scott McGregor: Inventory, in general, I think inventories are okay. We mentioned a little of inventory we see in the broadband space and we've seen some of our competitors talk about inventory in some of their wireless markets but we haven't seen that with our customers. And so we think inventory is approximately normal with the usual spots here and there where we get some. In terms of the broadband business overall, if I look at that business, it grew so rapidly last year. I think it probably overshot a little bit, and so you need to take that into account when you look at that business. But I think getting through some of the inventory, we do see that business growing again in Q3 and so hopefully getting back to a growth path. It would be nice if the digital TV industry will recover a little bit. So let's hope the consumer confidence goes up and please go out and buy a Broadcom-based DTV.
Eric Brandt: Dan, just to add to that, as Scott mentioned, had you taken out the Consumer Electronics business? The growth rate for the broadband segment would have been almost double. And in fact, probably some of the strongest-growing businesses in Q2 with set-top box businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sandeep Shyamsukha of Auriga USA.
Sandeep Shyamsukha - Auriga USA LLC: My first question, I wanted to get a sense of how big emerging markets are for your set-top box business? And then also if you could provide color on your high-end set-top box that you announced last year? What level of traction are you seeing for that? And how does it compete with products which have been announced with Intel's processors in this market?
Scott McGregor: Emerging markets are becoming increasingly important for us. I think we got into those markets using products that were primarily intended for the U.S. or European markets. And so we're not particularly cost-optimized for those, and that had some margin impact in that business. We've put out a number of products that are targeted specifically for emerging markets and so we see an opportunity to both improve margin as well as take additional share in those markets. So are they important to us? Absolutely, yes. In our high-end set-top boxes, we're seeing very good traction with those products there. Yes, I've seen announcements from some competitors and so forth. But generally, those deployments are fairly small. There's about 200 million set-top boxes shipped per year, and I think you're seeing at best single-digit kinds of shipments from some of these other guys. So we are seeing strong traction and good products. We've dramatically increased processor performance in a lot of those chips, and a lot of our competitors come from a processor-centric design point and don't have the broadcast decoders and all of the content projection and just the range of other things we put into set-top box chips that really provide an integrated solution.
Sandeep Shyamsukha - Auriga USA LLC: Can you also provide some feedback on your GPS business? There's talk about competitors integrating baseband and GPS together on the same chip and those chips becoming a bigger part of the market. How do you see your GPS revenue going forward in 2012 and beyond?
Scott McGregor: We see our GPS opportunity as quite strong. I think maybe one competitor you're referring to has been integrating the digital piece of GPS with their digital baseband for a long time. Many, many years. And so that's really nothing new. We integrate all of the analog and radio components as well, as well as the power management components, and so a much more comprehensive solution. And I think we've been able to get the lead on our competition in terms of driving technology, support for multiple constellations support for all the different technologies for homologation and location-based services. And so that's a good opportunity. And for us, we do see growth of that business going into Q3 in longer term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Lipacis of Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: A couple of questions. On the cellular side, can you give us a sense of how big is this 3G portion of that business and how that ramps over time?
Scott McGregor: The 2G business is the largest part of our business today. We ship only 2G with Nokia, for example, and that will move to 3G next year. We're certainly shipping more 3G with some of our existing customers. And then, our new customers are generally all 3G. And so we definitely see a transition from primarily 2G today to primarily 3G over the next couple of years.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, thanks, that's helpful. And then, on the broadband side, I think in the past you mentioned China, Internet cable and India, satellite as opportunities. Could you provide a little bit more color on those?
Scott McGregor: Well, certainly, and there's also the opportunity for multiple devices within a house. That's another trend that I probably should've added before where you see where they'll put one installation and then they'll support satellite rooms based off the same set-top box using dongles or using other forms of transmission. So all those are opportunities -- certainly, China triple play is important. The government's sponsoring a number of efforts there, and that's sort of ebbs and surges between the quarters, but overall, very strong traction there. India is another market that's growing rapidly on the satellite side. We also see the continued trend from SD to HD and again, the analog reclaim of bandwidth for the U.S. cable MSOs where they do the same thing the FCC did across the airwaves where they want to compete with satellite guys to provide more digital channels. And so they do an upgrade cycle for the head-ins, the CPE, the consumer equipment, as well as set-back boxes for your existing TVs, analog TVs and other things you might have. So all of those tend to be drivers in that space.
Operator: The next question comes from Arnab Chanda from Roth Capital Partners.
Arnab Chanda - Roth Capital Partners, LLC: I just have one question. Let's see if I can say this without offending anybody. There's a very poorly kept secret of a Californian OEM that will release a new product in the second half of the year that potentially impacts your wireless business. If you excluded that hypothetical possibility, would you have -- what kind of qualitative growth do you think you would see in your Wireless business? In other words, is it broad-based or not?
Scott McGregor: I'm afraid I don't quite understand your question. Maybe you could rephrase it.
Arnab Chanda - Roth Capital Partners, LLC: Well, I've heard [indiscernible] phones and some type of tablets in the second half of the year. You're obviously very well-leveraged towards that. If you leave that out, are you seeing the growth in Mobile & Wireless business from other areas also? Or is it just mostly because of this new product launch?
Scott McGregor: I can't comment on that specific customer. And so I would say, though, that when we look across our business, we certainly see growth in a broad range of customers and not any one specific customer, so hopefully that's helpful.
Operator: The next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: A question, Eric. You went into a lot of detail about the Broadband segment and how the growth was going to be doubled what you delivered if not for the consumer side. Can you give us any idea of how that segment breaks down, just roughly how big is the consumer segment?
Eric Brandt: It's a small part -- it's certainly a smaller part today actually. But it's a small part of the business. We've typically said to people it's 10 percent-ish.
Scott McGregor: It's less than 10%.
Eric Brandt: Yes, or less now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shawn Webster from Macquarie.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: In terms of the supply chain, are there any areas where you're seeing your order lead times go out or where you're seeing component tightness? And I was wondering separately if you could give us an update on what your dollar content per tablet is running today and how you expect that to evolve over the next year?
Scott McGregor: So the lead times I would say are generally normalizing. If you looked about a year ago when things were extremely tight, we would see bookings well, well in advance of the quarter and we're seeing things move more towards normal right now. So I would say after many years of the downturn in 2009 and the craziness in 2010, I'd say we're finally getting back to, well, whatever normal is in the semiconductor industry, but more characteristic lead times. So I'd say lead times are relatively healthy. We see fab loading is still tight in some areas but generally reasonable. Assembly and test, generally reasonable. Again, the Japan situation has created some spot shortages and issues with substituting parts and qualifying new parts. But other than that craziness, I think there is a pretty normal -- moving more towards normal view of the industry there. In terms of dollar content per tablet, for us, we have most tablets today shipped with our connectivity solutions. So we see that as continuing and we're looking to add additional content there as we move the wireless LAN technology more towards AC and AD adding NFC, getting GPS into more of those devices. We have an opportunity for a cellular baseband and application processors in tablets going forward. So we see tablets as fertile growth opportunity for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon of Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Given the outlook that you have for increasing penetration into the ASIC market in switches, what impact does Intel's recent acquisition of Fulcrum have on that long-term outlook? And also just an accounting question, I noticed obviously your OpEx was better than expected, your gross margins were up. But your operating margins and the bulk of your businesses at least in, I guess, in Enterprise and Mobile & Wireless look like they were down quarter-over-quarter. How do we just reconcile that in the half?
Scott McGregor: So on Intel's acquisition, we noticed that. Fulcrum is a relatively niche player, and so we don't see that as having a significant impact. I think they do, what, $30 million a year, and so not a broad-based impact for us. Intel, we've competed with for many years so we do pay attention to what they do and we'll make sure our products stay competitive in that space.
Eric Brandt: And then Stacy, there are a variety of onetime items going in and going out. When we get off the call, we can got to -- we can discuss it. But the impact of those businesses is small in terms of what they changed and we're benefiting obviously for the improvement in the gross margin. But we can talk about it when we're done with the call.
Operator: Our next question comes from CJ Muse from Barclays Capital.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: I guess, first question, Scott, you talked about digital TV and expectations for that to grow sequential in Q3. Curious whether that's broad-based or whether that specific to any one geography. And then second question, Eric, I know you guys don't guide out beyond the quarter for gross margin, but I was hoping you could kind of talk us through the puts and takes in terms of node transitions, absorption, any onetime items that we should be taking in [indiscernible] beyond the September quarter?
Scott McGregor: Your first question on digital television, we do see that business growing from Q2 into Q3, and it's not specific to any one customer. It's across our customers. It tends to be seasonal. Q3 is the big season for DTV leading into the Christmas build. A DTV weighs a lot more than a tablet or phone and so they tend to be shipped by boat rather than by airplane. And so those tend to peak of little earlier than some of other products.
Eric Brandt: On the gross margin side, certainly, as revenue comes up, we pick up on the absorption. And depending on how Q4 revenue plays out, that'll sort of move absorption one way or the other. We are certainly benefiting from improved costs, second- and third-generation parts. I think mix-wise, as you know, consumer products tend to be somewhat lower than enterprise products in terms of their margin. And to the extent the consumer product mix picks up in the company, we do see some headwinds. And as you can see, as we mentioned in Q3, with the strength of the Mobile & Wireless business, we're seeing that with some offset both in terms of cost and absorption. And depending on how that mix plays out in Q4, and obviously into next year, will sort of drive gross margin. But as we said last year, going into last year, we have very high degree of focus on gross margin. We're paying very tight attention to it. We are clearly designing products for better margin so that we manage this mix shift as it goes to our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ruben Roy of Mizuho securities.
Ruben Roy - Mizuho Securities USA Inc.: Scott, just a little on the consumer side of broadband business . At less than 10% of revenues, and I don't want to say it's a lumpy business, but perhaps maybe a little disappointing relative to your expectations for things like Blu-ray and digital TV. What's the focus for Broadcom from an R&D perspective for that business going forward? And what are your growth prospects if you look out into 2012?
Scott McGregor: So the business is below our expectations on that, and certainly, part of that is due to just the industry not doing particularly well on DTV right now. We do participate in the high-end part of that market with the over-the-top the Internet-connected TVs and 3D TVs and we expect as consumer sentiment were to pick up, we would see some growth in that space. Going forward, we see it as a strategic business because it ties into set-top boxes and it's alternative for how you get content in the living room. That being said, it's less R&D for us than for most of our competitors because it leverages off the set-top box investment that we already make. And so we will continue to drive that business again as an alternative for how people will get content and the emphasis, we'll make in that is not doing vanilla digital televisions, for example, but rather the over-the-top devices and highly connected devices that leverage Broadcom's breadth of IP. Same for Blu-ray devices. I think Blu-ray devices will become increasingly niched over time as people look to download movies and content directly over the Internet rather than physical media. But there'll always be a place for physical media. People like it. They don't always have Internet connectivity and sometimes want to watch Blu-Ray movies. So we don't see that going away. But that's not going to be a huge growth business going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Devgan of Morgan Stanley.
Sanjay Devgan - Morgan Stanley: Just 2 quick questions, one on the combo connectivity side. There's been a lot of debate around new entrants in this space and the competitive landscape getting increasingly tougher. I was wondering if you could just give us a sense of as you look at connectivity in general, what portion of the market today is kind of discrete versus combo? Just to give us a sense of what the potential upside is as you kind of take away those discrete sockets.
Scott McGregor: So today, I think it's about 60% Bluetooth penetration and 30% WiFi penetration. There's an opportunity to increase the penetration there, so it's not just the discrete products moving to combo chips. It's also the broader penetration of the technologies into devices. Phones, if they're already 60% Bluetooth can that go 80%? Yes, Wireless LAN can match Bluetooth in penetration and so that's a great opportunity there. GPS moving up.
Eric Brandt: Low 30s will go or 50% near term. That's mostly discrete today.
Scott McGregor: So again, both discrete to combo as well as increased penetration of the 2 drivers you should look at.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton of Needham & Company.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC: Scott, I was just wondering if you could give us some sense of the relative strength within Mobile & Wireless for basebands, combo chips, media processors, all be at double digits or is one area leading growth? And then just last quarter, you thought your sort of slowdown in Mobile & Wireless was just sort of time to some of your key customers. Now that you have another quarter in your belts, you're obviously projecting a strong rebound. Do you think this is just your customers getting stronger as you get into the back half of the year? Do you think this is some of the share gains in wireless combo chips starting to kick in?
Scott McGregor: I think it's a combination of all of those. When I look across the different segments in that business, they're all up strongly. There are none that aren't up significantly in that space. We're seeing a combination of things that drive that. We've got some share gain. We've got some of our customers in that space who have gotten more aggressive in the marketplace to drive share on their part. And so that helps us pick up some gain there as well. So -- and we have new products coming out with new technologies. So I think those are all factors that are driving that space and I don't see -- looking across at the businesses, I don't see any that aren't showing a significant pickup in Q3.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Snyder from Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: A couple of things. When will 40-nanometer reach something more significant, say, 35% of revenue? Any general idea on the timing on that given your rollout? And then your Mobile & Wireless guidance is good. You did say the growth of existing customers especially baseband. Is that purely seasonal or is that new models? And then how does that apply to the connectivity? Is that mostly seasonality or are you talking about the share gains of those customers or new products? I'm just trying to get a feel for what's driving all that.
Eric Brandt: It's Eric. I'll answer the 40-nanometer. I think that if you look at 65, which is pretty instructive, it took about 3 years for 65 to cross over 50% from the time we started taping out. We're really shipping products and we began shipping 40 products this year really sort of the end of last year. Our tape-outs are probably half today in 40-nanometer and lower, probably going to 80% by the end of the year. So you can get a pretty good picture of that. The entire new product portfolio as we roll into 2012 is going to be pretty 40 or smaller. There'll be some other things that are power management, et cetera, that are higher and probably some legacy 65s. So probably assume about 3 years for it cross over 50%.
Scott McGregor: On your baseband question, there are multiple drivers to that and certainly in the existing customers, as I mentioned previously, they're getting more aggressive in their market. There is a seasonal component to it, as you mentioned. We are seeing new models and we all are picking up some additional customers to drive some growth there, but it's a mix of all of those that drives our growth quarter-on-quarter.
Operator: Our last question comes from Srini Pajjuri of CLSA securities.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: A couple of follow-ups. Scott, you talked about baseband opportunity at Nokia and also in Android smartphones. And historically, you've had a very strong position in 2G at Samsung. I'm just curious as to how we should think about the opportunity at Samsung. And then if you can touch about the tablet processor opportunity? You mentioned your content will grow over time, but when should we expect the processor to contribute meaningfully to the revenues?
Scott McGregor: So on your baseband question, I can't talk about specific customers but we do see our 2G business continuing. We're not looking for new 2G customers at this point. We're focused primarily on 3G and 4G, but we do expect that we'll get additional models at some of our existing 2G customers, and so that helps us in that regard. In terms of tablet processors, you may have seen that at the consumer electronic show, we announced an integrated device that included a processor for tablets. I would say probably you'll see us penetrate more in the lower end of tablets or the purpose-built tablets that are for user interface devices or other kinds of things initially. And then as we get our processor performance up and get more competitive in that space and narrow the gap with some of the other guys, you'll see us reach more into the mid and high end of the processors. So I would model relatively small processor component for tablets over the next year. But beyond that, I think we could do more.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue. I will now turn the call back over for closing remarks to Scott McGregor.
Scott McGregor: Thank you very much for joining us today. In closing, I'd like to reiterate that Broadcom's goal remains to be to create leading communication platform solutions that enable us to grow our market share and deliver strong profitability and robust cash flow from operations. Our delivery of cutting-edge solutions and the solid financial discipline that you've seen should result in significant revenue and operating margin improvements in the September quarter.  Finally, one last reminder. We'll be hosting our 2011 Analyst Day, this time in New York on December 14. And if you need any more details on this event, please give Chris or John a call.  With that, thank you very much for joining us today, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-26 16:45:00) =====
Executives: Eric Brandt - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Scott McGregor - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Chris Zegarelli - 
Analysts: Emily Scudder David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG Sumit Dhanda - Citadel Securities, LLC Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co Romit Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC Arnab Chanda - Roth Capital Partners, LLC John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG Doug Freedman - Gleacher & Company, Inc.
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Broadcom First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Your speakers for today's call are Scott McGregor, Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer; Eric Brandt, Broadcom's Chief Financial Officer; and Chris Zegarelli, Director of Investor Relations. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Zegarelli. Please go ahead.
Chris Zegarelli: Thank you, Manisha. During this call, we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue, gross margin and operating expense targets for the second quarter of 2011 and any other future periods, as well as statements about the prospects for our various businesses, potential market share and the development status and planned availability of new products. You should note that the guidance we provide today is based upon forecasts that require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions using the information that is available to us at this time. It should be clearly understood that our actual performance and financial results may differ substantially from our forecast and the other forward-looking statements we make today, as well as statements about the prospects for our various businesses, factors that may affect our business and future results, including, among other things, general economic conditions that are discussed in the Risk Factor section of our 2010 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. A current list of these risk factors is set forth at the end of today's earnings press release. As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances.  Throughout this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Today's earnings release and the related current report on Form 8-K describe the differences between our non-GAAP and GAAP reporting and present a reconciliation between the two for the periods reported in the release. Please see the Investors section of our website at www.broadcom.com for any reconciliations going back to the beginning of March 2009, as well as for additional financial and statistical information, including the information disclosed in accordance with SEC Regulation G. In addition, we have placed a slide deck which is available now in the Investor Relations section of our website that is on the right-hand side of the page under Q1 2011 Earnings Information. For increased transparency, we have incorporated tables and information regarding our future guidance, historical performance and segment operating income.  With that, let me turn the call over to Scott.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. Broadcom had a solid March quarter with slightly better revenue and profitability than we originally anticipated. Broadcom continues to benefit from powerful long-term trends in all 3 of our business segments. We see increasing attach rates for our wireless connectivity devices in phones, tablets, connected home and consumer electronics products. Data Center buildouts are continuing at a rapid pace and service providers are upgrading their networks to manage the explosive growth in mobile data.  In the Home, international growth and the migration to HD continue to drive demand for our highly integrated and cost-effective solutions. You can see the momentum building around Broadcom from our design win traction. Following record design wins in 2010, we achieved record design wins across all 3 of our business units in Q1. Our focus remains to create innovative communications products that enable us to grow our market share while maintaining strong profitability. Financially, we remain focused on running our business within the operating margins we outlined on Analyst Day. To that end, we are maintaining a tight rein on our overall spending growth as shown by our Q1 results and Q2 guidance for R&D and SG&A spending.  I'll now turn the call over to Eric for details on the first quarter results and second quarter guidance.
Eric Brandt: Thanks, Scott. As Chris mentioned, please refer to the data breakout in the Investors section of our website for additional financial information that will supplement my financial commentary. Moving to the financial overview. To summarize for Q1, total revenue of $1.82 billion, including $1.75 billion in product revenue. Q1 total net revenue was up approximately 24% from prior year and down 7% from Q4 levels. Q1 total GAAP gross margin declined 20 basis points to 50.7% from Q4. Product gross margin decreased 50 basis points to 48.9% from Q4, principally due to acquisition-related charges. Q1 GAAP R&D plus SG&A expense was up $36 million to $677 million. GAAP earnings per share for Q1 were $0.40 above First Call Consensus of $0.35 per share. Cash flow from operations for Q1 was $334 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance was $3.9 billion, down slightly from Q4, principally due to share repurchases in the quarter.  Moving to revenue and gross margin. In February, we said we expected Q1 total net revenue to be approximately $1.75 billion to $1.85 billion. Total revenue ended at $1.82 billion. Our Broadband Communications segment was down as expected, principally due to a modest channel inventory build that was mentioned on our Q4 call. The Mobile & Wireless segment was seasonally down as anticipated as weakness in our cellular business was offset somewhat by growth in GPS and wireless LAN. Our Infrastructure & Networking segment had another record quarter which was stronger than we had anticipated, principally driven by growth in sales of Ethernet Switches. Our licensing business was up as well in the quarter, driven by an IP sale during the quarter.  Our Q1 GAAP product gross margin decreased 50 basis points to 48.9%, slightly better than our guidance. This was primarily due to acquisition charges associated with inventory step up and increased amortization of 60 basis points. Non-GAAP product gross margin, which excludes these effects, was actually up 20 basis points in the quarter. Moving to operating expenses, total R&D and SG&A expenses for Q1 were up $36 million from Q4 levels, which is well below the guidance provided in February, about $45 million to $55 million. This benefit was principally driven by favorability in legal spending due to the pending settlement of the derivative action associated with the stock options litigation. During the quarter, the company also recorded a nonrecurring GAAP charges of $9 million associated with the impairment of acquisition intangibles offset by a settlement gain of $5 million.  Moving to the balance sheet. As I mentioned earlier, cash flow from operations was $334 million for Q1. Cash and marketable securities ended Q1 at $3.9 billion. We returned a record $470 million in capital to shareholders in the quarter in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Including the pending completion of the accelerated share repurchase program, we estimate having repurchased approximately 11 million shares in the March quarter.  Our accounts receivable day sales outstanding was flat at 38 days in Q1. In addition, net inventory levels decreased by approximately $50 million in the quarter.  Moving to expectations. We currently expect net revenue in Q2 to be roughly flat to Q1 and within the same range provided for Q1 at $1.75 billion to $1.85 billion. Sequential revenue for our Broadband Communications segment is expected to be up. Our Mobile & Wireless segment is expected to be down in Q2, principally driven by market softness at some of our key customers, while Infrastructure & Networking sales are expected to be flat to slightly down.  We expect GAAP product gross margins to be up about 50 basis points and on a non-GAAP basis, product gross margins should be up slightly again and within our target model. We expect GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses to be approximately flat in Q2 excluding the accounting for the pending derivative settlement, which is expected to be recorded in Q2. Lower expense growth is driven by anticipated favorability in legal spending, offset by a significant sequential increase in tapeout spending as more 40-nanometer products move to dedicated masks. Please recall, as we mentioned in our release at the time it was announced, that the derivative settlement was expected to be roughly neutral to earnings, with nonrecurring cash and shares coming in, matching payments to plaintiff's counsel and the contribution to Broadcom Foundation going out. Additional information on the derivative settlement is provided in our Form 10-Q. Yesterday, we announced the closing of the Provigent transaction. The guidance provided above does not include the effects of the Provigent transaction on our Q2 financial statements. While we anticipate the combination to be roughly neutral to non-GAAP earnings in full year 2011, quarterly GAAP results may vary due to acquisition-related step up and amortization costs, plus the assumption of their operating expenses in Q2. GAAP share count is expected to be roughly 575 to 580 million shares.  And now, I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor: Thanks, Eric. Starting with our Home Platform, Broadcom's Broadband Communications revenue declined 15% sequentially, in line with our expectations, driven by excess channel inventory entering the quarter. During the quarter, we announced our standardized Ethernet over Coax platform solution to accelerate network conversions, increase quality of service and enable more cost-effective services in China. Broadcom's complete DOCSIS-based Ethernet over Coax cable infrastructure solution enables our customers to leverage established technologies like DOCSIS and EPON to cost effectively upgrade their network infrastructure and support new devices such as telephony, high-speed Internet access and HDTV. We believe the opportunities for Broadcom to drive growth and additional market share gains with our highly integrated SoCs are, first, the continued expansion of pay-TV and Internet access services internationally with growth in China for cable and India for satellite using our optimized low-cost solutions. Second, the convergence of communications and consumer electronics driving Internet and device connectivity in the home and enabling operators to offer additional value-added services. As an example, several pay-TV operators have announced plans to offer live TV via video streaming to popular tablets. Third, surging demand for online video content will drive growth in next generation, high-speed modems utilizing DOCSIS 3.0, VDSL and PON access technology. And finally demand for greater bandwidth throughout the home will drive adoption of Gigabit Ethernet 802.11n, MoCA and power line high-speed home networking technology. As we look into Q2, we expect sequential revenue growth in the Broadband segments as the inventory correction is now largely behind us. Moving to Infrastructure, our Infrastructure & Networking business was up 2% sequentially to a new high, driven by record sales of switches. We continue to see strength in our Switching portfolio from new products adoption, service provider packet transport and broadband rollouts and the increased adoption of 10-gigabit in the Data Center.  Revenue from service provider solutions, including China deployments increased in the March period as operators globally migrate to Ethernet backhaul over traditional time division multiplexing networks. The Data Center business was also strong sequentially for us.  Broadcom's Ethernet solutions continue to outpace the industry, driven by our ability to leverage our broad IP portfolio to deliver solutions for each of our markets and enable our customers to deploy scalable and high-performance products. Our latest carrier, Ethernet Backhaul Switch solution, allows carriers to seamlessly migrate existing networks to 4G with the capability of delivering much higher bandwidth and faster connectivity to the growing number of smartphone and tablet users. The BCM56440 Switch provides the industry's highest integration in its class, combining the functionality of up to 7 standard parts into 140-nanometer device, dramatically lowering the bill of materials cost and reducing the service provider capital expenditures. This latest switch solution combines -- continues our tradition of delivering the industry's broadest and most interoperable standards-based edge-to-core portfolio, all working together to enable higher reliability and superior quality of service over Ethernet.  Yesterday, we announced the closure of our acquisition of Provigent. With the addition of Provigent's engineering expertise and microwave radio products, Broadcom expanded its robust portfolio to address the large microwave backhaul equipment business. Broadcom is uniquely able to offer service providers a complete platform of system solutions as they upgrade legacy mobile networks to 4G and manage the exponential growth in wireless data traffic. As Eric mentioned, we expect the Infrastructure revenue to be flat to slightly down sequentially in the second quarter. Moving to our Hand Platform. Broadcom experienced a 6% sequential decline in revenue in its Mobile & Wireless segments, with strength in wireless connectivity solutions offset by weakness in cellular products. Broadcom's performance in wireless combo solutions was strong. In Q1, Broadcom announced its newest wireless combo chip. This is our third generation Bluetooth Wi-Fi FM combo device and significantly reduces both power consumption and board area. The solution size is more than 40% smaller than its predecessor, while significantly advancing the feature set, particularly in terms of peer-to-peer media transfer. Our combo chip success is broad based, with wins in nearly every major handset OEM and across nearly every operating system.  Our GPS solutions experienced strong sequential growth in the March period, with broad-based traction across the leading handset and tablet OEMs. During the quarter, we refreshed our most advanced discrete and combo GPS solutions to include support for the GLONASS system. Our chip can take full advantage of the GLONASS Satellite Constellation, which results in significant improvement in position accuracy, particularly in deep urban areas. As consumer use of location-based services grows, we're seeing an increased level of interest from our customers in the cellular and personal navigation device markets for GPS and Assisted GPS technologies.  Progress on our NFC business continues to accelerate. We see strong demand in multiple market segments, including cellular handsets for NFC technology in future products. Expect to hear more from us in the future, but, suffice it to say, we see solid opportunity in NFC as part of our larger connectivity business.  During the quarter, we announced 2 new 3G cellular SoCs. The BCM21654 integrates an HSPA baseband, an ARM Cortex-A9 processor with high-end 3D graphics support, advanced processing and dual SIM capabilities for mass market Android handsets with a focus on converting predominantly feature phone markets to smartphones. The BCM28150 integrates an HSPA+ baseband, Dual ARM Cortex-A9 processors with high-end 3D graphics, full 10edp VideoCore IV video and a high-end image signal processing for up to 20 megapixel camera support. This device is targeted at smartphones with high-performance requirements. Both new cellular SoCs are part of Broadcom's complete reference platforms that include Broadcom design cellular RF, PMU, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, NFC and FM, making it easier and faster for OEMs to bring to market all the features people want in affordable handset designs. Broadcom is 1 of the few technology companies that can bring together all the key advance wireless technologies required for smartphones. Getting back to financial performance, we expect our Mobile & Wireless segment revenue to decline in Q2 due to softness at some of our key customers. In summary, we're focused on the most innovative technologies related to connectivity, bandwidth and content. Our products are in the strongest growth markets of the semiconductor industry. We're benefiting from the product leadership and consumers' increasing demand for data in the home, at work and on the go. Our goal remains to create great products that enable us to grow our market share and deliver strong profitability and robust cash flow from operations. We'll remain focused on managing operating expenses to drive growth within our operating model. We believe we can achieve all of these objectives while at the same time providing a solid return of capital to our shareholders. This concludes our prepared remarks, and we're now ready for your questions. Manisha, may we have the first question, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch: Scott, could you talk a little bit more about the second quarter sales outlook? Over the last 5 years, the average sequential growth has been 8% to 9% or so, from my calculation. Other than cellular, where are you seeing perhaps softer trends or you think this is just a transitional issue?
Scott McGregor: I think you're right. If you go back over a number of years, you see a seasonal increase on our revenue, typically in the second quarter where about the numbers you said. As I mentioned earlier, we are seeing growth in our Broadband business. We said in our last call that we expected the business to rebound in the second quarter and we still believe that will occur. So we feel comfortable on that. In the Infrastructure business, it's roughly flat, maybe down a little bit. The softness is really coming from the wireless -- Mobile & Wireless space, and we see that both in the combo products area as well as the cellular baseband area due to softness at a number of our larger customers. And what's interesting is we believe that we're holding share or even gaining share. And so we don't see this as a share-related issue, but more of an issue with these key customers in terms of some of what they've guided to in the quarter and what they expect for their products in the quarter.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch: Got it. And just as a follow-up, how do you expect -- maybe for Eric, how do you expect the operating expense and gross margins to trend through the rest of the year?
Eric Brandt: Yes, we don't provide guidance past the current quarter. I think I said last quarter that we expected that our operating expense growth would be more moderate than what we saw last year. I think you're seeing that already, certainly in Q1 and in Q2. And we'll keep a tight rein on it, as Scott was alluding to, over the course of the year. But I think we're running favorable to what most people had in their models already and I suspect that we will probably run at roughly the same rate as what I said last time, which is slightly attenuated from last year.
Operator: Our next question is from James Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Scott, if you look at your overall connectivity business, the outlook for the full year today for you versus what it was a quarter ago when you last reported, is it higher or lower today? And could you maybe talk about whether that's just a market issue, whether it's a customer issue or there is some kind of impact of pricing there? You mentioned there wasn't a share issue.
Scott McGregor: Yes, we don't guide for the full year, so a little hard to say there. Overall, though, I do believe we're picking up share. We're already very strong share in the larger customers and very few that we're missing at this point. We are picking up share with a number of the Chinese handset makers though as they move from discrete solutions more to combo solutions, so we actually see share gain. As to how that compares for the full year, it's hard to say. We don't guide that in general, but it would be hard to say what that would be anyway. We'll have to see how the year plays out.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Then second question on the baseband side, I believe on the last call, you talked about your expectation for EDGE baseband sales to still grow for you this year on a year-over-year basis. Do you still think that's the case or do you think there is customer specific issues at work that might not -- make that not the case this time?
Scott McGregor: Well, it's hard to speak for particular customers, and we'll have to see how they do. There is still market growth expected. I mean we do expect to see some share gains as we continue to roll out across some of our major customers. But the exact number for the year, we'll have to see how that plays out, and again we don't guide that.
Operator: Our next question is from Uche Orji with UBS Bank.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: First of all, Scott, let me just probe a little bit more back on this cellular question. What is the mix of your cellular business that is split between feature phones and smartphones? And I know you don't guide for the full year, but some of the factors that one will hope to have in the feature such as the low-cost Android phones, I think that we believe might play into the kind of areas that Broadcom is very strong at. So any updates you can give us as how you see that market playing out beyond the current guidance you gave for Q2 and how you're positioning for this lower cost feature phone markets, that would be helpful. Thanks.
Scott McGregor: Let me see if I can help you a little bit there. The connectivity tends to be biased towards the high end of the cellular market towards the smartphones. Typically the smartphones will have the features like wireless LAN and GPS. Bluetooth is pushing down more into the feature phone space. It's got 100% penetration in the smartphones and then as you move down into the lower tiers of phones, it tends to have lower penetration. So our connectivity business is disproportionately in the high end of the space. Broadcom's baseband business tends to be more in the mid-range space. We don't play in the very low end and we're not playing at the very high end today. And again as you mentioned, we are targeting things like cost-effective Android solutions and we're still optimistic on that and believe that will be a good business for us going forward.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Let me just follow up a little bit then on the application processor markets, when you look at the opportunity for the market since you have now launched a standalone application processor, what is the reception for Broadcom solution in that market, and when should we expect that to start to contribute? And if you can just talk to what makes your product special and what is a very competitive space as it stands?
Scott McGregor: Broadcom believes that application processors will be integrated typically with basebands. At the very high end, that's probably not true. I think they'll remain discrete for a while, but we believe for the volume part of the smartphone market and the high-end feature phone market, we're going to see an integration of processors and basebands and other capabilities. And that plays very well to Broadcom as we have the IP portfolio to be able to do the integration of lots of different things and create very cost-effective cellular SoCs. And so for us, we've announced a number of chips and I mentioned a few of those in my earlier remarks. I believe you'll see revenue coming from those primarily next year. I don't think -- you might see a little bit this year, but it's primarily a next year effect when you'll see revenue driven from that.
Operator: Our next question is from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: Scott, can you talk a little bit on the Broadband segment? Where was the inventory as far as application markets and was it specific to a handful of customers or broad based?
Scott McGregor: So in our last call 3 months ago, we mentioned that there was an inventory issue and it was limited to a very narrow set of the customer base. We believe that 1 or 2 customers got ahead of themselves there and probably ordered more than they turned out that they needed. And so that's why we have the confidence to say that we thought it was a 1 quarter inventory effect and that we would rebound in the second quarter and indeed, that's what we believe has happened today, and we think that's behind us at this point.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: So was it in the set-top box side, the cable modem side?
Scott McGregor: I'm going to decline to comment on that. I don't particularly want to identify the customers on that, but it was in our Broadband -- it was in our Broadband space.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: Got you. And then Eric, one for you. A little more accounting-wise, sorry if it's a little boring, but the tax rate going forward, how should we think about GAAP versus pro forma on that?
Eric Brandt: So if you look at our GAAP tax rate, what I've said in the past on the GAAP tax rate is our cash tax is relatively constant. It sort of runs from $20 million to $30 million a year and that's pretty much where it is. Recall back, when I joined the company, we moved away from non-GAAP, didn't spend a lot of time thinking about it and focused purely on GAAP. As we continue to do more acquisitions and purchase accounting begins to affect our financials where we're sort of at a point now where I think we need to look back at the non-GAAP financials a little bit more so you can see the underlying economics of the business. And as we drilled in and looked at the tax rate, I think the GAAP tax rate is pretty stable, at least for the foreseeable future. And I don't know why we would use a tax rate above that. I don't have any substantiation for a tax rate. We've been running 2% to 3% versus tax rate on a pro forma basis, which has been 10%. So from our perspective, I think you can use the GAAP tax rate. It's pretty stable and for the foreseeable future, I don't see it changing.
Operator: Our next question is from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Scott, I know you've addressed this several times, but it continues to be a concern for the market and that's your sort of medium to long-term partnership and design win traction with 1 of your large cellular customers as this customer moves to the Windows Phone 7 operating system. So can you just provide us with your view on how it does or does not impact Broadcom this year and next year, and when should we expect Broadcom to be in the market with a mobile platform that supports Windows Phone 7?
Scott McGregor: Thanks for asking that question. I believe there is some misconceptions in terms of our position and how that customer's strategy affects our business prospects. Nokia has really separated into 2 businesses and they have a high-end phone business, which they've said will move over time towards Microsoft Windows. And then they have a feature phone business, which is primarily S40 based today, Symbian 40 based today. And that business will stay with S40 and that's the business where we have the majority of our EDGE design wins that ship over the next year or so, and our 3G wins as well. So the part of Nokia's businesse thats moving to Windows is where we don't have particular cellular baseband penetration today, and frankly becomes more of an opportunity for us going forward if we can provide Windows-based solutions for Nokia. That's up to them, of course, but we would certainly like to view that as an opportunity for us going forward. Meanwhile, the main volume part of Nokia's business, where they said they will increase their investment, is the part of the business where we have baseband exposure. And so we believe our share remains intact with that business for the foreseeable future. Obviously, Nokia will decide on suppliers over time, but basically the move to Microsoft Windows does not affect our primary baseband business at Nokia.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, got it. Thank you for that. And then in your Broadband segment, you've got some new set-top box product cycles, I think, ramping here starting in the second quarter. Can you just give us a sense on what's happening in the China market? I know the cable triple play in China was a solid growth driver for the team last year. Is that a contributor to the growth in Q2 and beyond, and outside the U.S. and China any other color on drivers for the Broadband business going forward?
Scott McGregor: We absolutely see China as an opportunity continuing to go forward, both the triple network convergence that you alluded to there. There's a cable opportunity in China. There is DSL opportunity. There is DSLAM opportunity. A variety of things there as the government encourages a lot of the carriers in China to populate broadband connections into their population. A very strong push for that as they push to get the population on the Internet. In India, we see more opportunities in the satellite space. So that's another opportunity I would highlight there. And then Europe in general, that's been an area where we have lower market share than, for example, the United States. And so that's an opportunity for us going forward with some of the Sky properties and other carriers there. So I would say a good percentage of our growth over the next couple of years will come from international expansion, but don't discount the ongoing SD to HD conversion that's going on as not only do we see some of the cable operators move more towards HD but reclaim some of their analog spectrum and move to digital, which triggers a replacement cycle across not only the set-top boxes in people's homes but also the infrastructure side as well.
Operator: Our next question is from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: I have 1 question on revenue and then 1 on cost. So on the revenue side, Scott, was Japan at all an impact on the June guidance? And when you talk about some of your key customers in wireless kind of having a pause here, what's the confidence level that this is a 1 quarter pause versus maybe not having competitive product in the market?
Scott McGregor: I don't see it as a competitiveness issue for us. And in terms of Japan, I believe that Broadcom with the hard work of our operations team and our engineering team, we've managed to find alternate sources for supply and locked down enough supply. We're pretty comfortable with our ability to supply parts. I think the challenge for us and I think many of our peers on the Japan issue is that if our customer gets all but 1 of the parts they need to build a box, even if we're able to supply, there is a risk that they aren't able to ship the box. And so that's where I have concern, not so much on our ability to supply our competitiveness. I think we're fine there and it will be a question of whether all the box makers can find all the parts they need over the next couple of quarters. I think Japan is probably a 1 or 2 quarter issue for the industry, and I think by fourth quarter that should all be resolved. People will either have qualified other sources or moved on in the design, so I believe it's a relatively short-term effect.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: And then, Eric, on the OpEx side, I know you said you don't give full year guidance, but I guess it was my understanding that there was some step-up costs in the first half of the year that might not repeat in the second half like fringe and legal and it sounds like in Q2, some 40-nanometer tapeouts. So are we supposed to model kind of those costs going away in the back half but other costs coming in? Or help me understand how I should think about that.
Eric Brandt: So, John, actually there is favorability of legal in Q1 and Q2 as it begins to step down as we don't have those expenses further. Fringe does step down, but it begins to step down at a lower rate. So probably the best way to do it, just absent additional guidances is to take what we said in Q1 and Q2, step it down and run it off the same slope you have in your model because I can't provide additional guidance. I think with that, absent further information, I think that's a reasonable number to start from and then we can talk more as we have more information over the course of the year. But so you've got to step down of Q1 and Q2 as favorability in absolute spending. Don't assume that we're going to try to make that up in the back half of the year so that, that favorability will carry its way through. And we'll see how the rest of the year plays out. But I do think that there are some benefits and some other things that go into expenses over the course of the year and to the extent that we can drive more tapeouts of 40-nanometer products that would be good for the business.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Berger with FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Just looking at the cellular business, I know there's been a lot of questions there, but big picture, do you think that business is tracking to plan? I know you guys have talked about potentially ramping a third or more customers this year. Can you give us an update on that and kind of how big might that business be able to grow for you guys over time?
Scott McGregor: Craig, over time we expect that to be a pretty significant business. It's our goal to be a major player in the cellular SoC space, including basebands and integrated application processors and other technologies. We've said in earlier calls that it is our goal at this point to broaden our customer base beyond the 2 large ones that we've announced, and we believe we are making progress in that area. We've focused on a variety of customers and on China in particular, and we have a number of additional design wins. As to our normal fashion, we don't generally announce those until they ship. There is 1 customer in Japan that has begun shipment, but we haven't done an announcement on that yet. But we're just beginning to see those products coming to market. So we believe we will be successful broadening our customer base on our cellular business and it's natural as you'd expect with application processors and connectivity and the full solution I mentioned, which includes radios and power management and NFC and a whole range of technology. We've got a great set of solutions that we believe will be attractive to a wide range of customers increasingly over time.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Just as a follow-up, within your Mobile & Wireless segment, can you help us understand the composition of that business? How much, say, is combo connectivity products versus discrete Bluetooth or discrete Wi-Fi versus other? Any additional detail would be helpful.
Scott McGregor: In the connectivity space, the combo products have been extremely popular and now outsell the discrete components in that space. And we don't give a breakout of the specifics there, but our highest volume chips in all of Broadcom tend to be our combo products right now like the 4325, 4329 and probably the 4330 going forward. Those are extremely high-volume chips for us.
Operator: Our next question is from Glen Yeung with Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: Apologies if this has been asked because I got on a little bit late, but I wanted to get an update on where you stand on LTE now. How Beceem has helped you and what you feel like your progress has been?
Scott McGregor: Broadcom is very interested in LTE. We supplemented the organic development in LTE we had ongoing with the acquisition of Beceem . Beceem is a company that was doing both WiMAX and LTE development, and we will continue the WiMAX with the existing WiMAX customers, but the team will primarily focus on LTE going forward. We believe we'll be able to provide very interesting LTE solutions. And again, as is our norm, we don't announce products generally before they go to market, but you can count on us being focused on delivering LTE products to the market.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: Okay, Scott, and maybe as a follow-up, I wonder if you could address the networking business in general, give us your sense of what's going on there. And also maybe address what you think the opportunity is for Broadcom to take share in the captive silicon market networking with the merchant solution?
Scott McGregor: So networking, that's a pretty broad area, but let me try and help you out there. I mean there's a lot of phenomena that are contributing to growth in networking. One is just the amount of data that every -- that all of us are consuming and the amount of video data is really driving up the overall bandwidth in the world infrastructure. And that plays really well to all our switches and optical networking and Broadcom really is the backbone for the Internet and the backbone for a lot of the infrastructure connections for cellular, for all the wired connections and so forth. So that's a great opportunity there. And that's upgrading to -- in the Data Centers to 10 gig and beyond, backplanes upgrading, switches, fabric. We're now seeing cloud computing really come into play. And as people create the cloud data centers, they have need for extreme scalability on switches and fabrics. And we believe Broadcom is really the only company out there that has the products that can really deliver for that kind of scale in that space. In terms of the ability to go after the captive markets, whether it's in networking or other areas, I think over time, there's a real advantage for merchant silicon. Our ability to integrate a lot of different IP, our ability to support and aggregate the needs of lots of different customers and provide those capabilities, we believe over time, we will be able to gain share in the captive market and move towards merchant silicon. We don't have anything specific to announce there, but we believe we are making ongoing progress in that space.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Ellis with Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: I know Provigent is excluded from the second quarter guidance, but can you help us with some parameters? How many folks did you pick up with that deal and can you provide us some revenue and maybe even expense parameters for them?
Eric Brandt: So we picked up probably right around 100 people, maybe a little less. I think that given the nature of the inventory they're carrying and the purchase price, you could see north of 100 basis points impact just on acquisition charges to the gross margin line on a GAAP basis. Interestingly, on a non-GAAP basis, it will be accretive to gross margin. So these things will wash their way out and then the gross margin will bounce down -- will come down and bounce right back up, well not right back up but will bounce back up over time. In terms of operating expenses, we haven't given more details on the parameters. I'll provide that later, probably -- certainly next quarter. But it's a reasonable sized business and you could probably back into what their expenses are with roughly 100 people or so.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: And anything on the revenue side there?
Eric Brandt: I would say right now for Q2 upper single-digit millions. And that's for the 2 months we'll have it.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Freedman with Gleacher.
Doug Freedman - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Scott, you answered sort of the Japan effect really from a supply side. What are you and your customers seeing from the demand side? I mean we've heard that 1 of the supply issues is the LCD TV. If you could give us the impact you're seeing on that market as well.
Scott McGregor: You mean demand from end customers or do you mean demand from our customers in terms of their ability to sell to Japan?
Doug Freedman - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: The demand coming out of Japan, so your customers' ability to sell into that market.
Scott McGregor: We see that continuing without a huge impact there. You have to remember that Japan is a fairly large country and not all of Japan was affected by the quake, even though very serious impact to the northeastern part there. So we do continue to see orders from our Japanese customers. They do continue to build product. And so we see that continuing there. Will there be some effect? Probably. Broadcom's exposure to Japan is in the low single-digit percentage. So I expect that our impact will be less than perhaps many others. But we do see that business ongoing.
Operator: Our next question is with Ruben Roy with Pacific Crest Securities.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Scott, i wanted to clarify, when you talked about Q1 and Mobile & Wireless business, you talked about weakness in cellular offset by GPS and wireless LAN. Were you talking about discrete chips or was the combo chip business weak in Q1 as well? And then secondly, do you have an assessment of what channel inventory specific to your combo devices might be at this point in time?
Scott McGregor: Let me clarify there. When we look at our combo chips, we apportion the revenue of combo chips into wireless LAN and Bluetooth and GPS, et cetera. So when we say that wireless LAN improved, we mean that both the combo, the combined combo and discrete part of wireless LAN improved. We don't separate the 2 there. So GPS, we are moving more towards combo there. We still have a relatively higher percentage discrete in GPS, although moving rapidly to combo. In wireless LAN, the majority of our business is combo. And so when we say that improved, you can probably assume that combo improved from that statement. In terms of channel inventory, we don't see any unusual channel inventory for our combo chips. People consume those fairly quickly, and we're not aware of anybody inventorying large numbers of those. So I would say we have healthy inventory situation in our combo chips.
Operator: Our next question is with Chris Caso with Susquehanna Financial.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: I wondered if you could talk a bit about your market share in wireless combo going forward. And I guess I think one of the concerns maybe that the share at this point is so high, what do you do going forward to hold onto that share and grow the business going forward. I wonder if you could address that.
Scott McGregor: We do have a high market share in our combo chips and we believe that's because we have really good solutions there, and we are absolutely keeping up the R&D on that. We're coming out with a variety of new combo chips. It's interesting a lot of our competitors will announce a combo chip as their sole product in that space. And we, at this point, have quite a few different combo chips that are tuned for different market segments. And one of the important things in the connectivity space is giving the customer a full matrix to choose from. So for example, some of our customers want Bluetooth and GPS, and they want to buy the wireless LAN separate from that because in the low-end phones they want to put a basic b/g wireless LAN and the high-end phones they want to put either 1 by 1n or a 2 by 2 in the very high-end devices and tablets. And so, Broadcom, unlike a lot of our competitors, is able to provide a complete matrix plug-and-play across the matrix. Common software, common test frameworks, common drivers that allow a customer to basically field their entire connectivity set of products with minimal rework. And I believe that will be a sustainable advantage for quite some time going forward. We also keep pushing the technology. I mean here's a great example. Our GPS supports GLONASS, as I mentioned, as well as the U.S. Satellite System. But unlike some of our competitors, we support both at the same time. And if you're in an urban canyon, it's critical that you be able to see at least 3 satellites to get a fix or 4 to get motion. And so if you can only look at GLONASS or the U.S. independently, you're not going to really get the number of satellites up. But if you can look at both constellations simultaneously and mix and match, you have a dramatically better product. And so, for example, our GPS products today are dramatically better than competitor GPS products because of that simultaneous GLONASS and U.S. satellite constellation. So we'll continue to push technologies there. We've talked about some of the technologies in the wireless LAN space. There is other opportunities. Certainly NFC is an interesting opportunity going forward and there are many more. So we believe we have by far the highest R&D in the combo space and a great team, and we're doing a great job integrating them. And we don't promise to get 100% market share going forward, but we're not going to cede any of that share easily.
Operator: Our next question is from Sumit Dhanda with Citadel Securities.
Sumit Dhanda - Citadel Securities, LLC: Yes, a couple of questions. Scott, maybe the first one for you. Last quarter, as it relates to the Broadband business, my recollection was you expected that to be up strongly in Q2. Seems like Q1 may have been at tad weaker on that segment versus your expectations, and is the implication that Q2 is going to be up, but not quite as strongly as you had initially anticipated?
Scott McGregor: I would say that Broadband was down in Q1 approximately as we anticipated and is coming back in Q2 approximately as we anticipated, so I don't think there's anything unusual there. I think that business is on track with expectations. I think the softness is really coming from the Mobile & Wireless business for the reasons we've mentioned.
Operator: Our next question is Arnab Chanda with Roth Capital Partners.
Arnab Chanda - Roth Capital Partners, LLC: Scott, I'm not going to be unique here, but I still want to ask a little question on that Mobile & Wireless business. Really one things, one is what you're experiencing here, is that because you need a new customer or new sort of 4G transition for you to get reinvigorate the cellular business because EDGE, I mean, people are talking about 4G and EDGE is 2.5 or is there an inventory correction that's come late in the Mobile & Wireless or is it a combination?
Scott McGregor: I would say none of the above. I'd say that our top customers have reported softness in the second quarter and that's what this is all about. So to the extent that they no longer have soft quarters in the future, I don't see any share changes. I'd say we pick up when they pick up. So in the longer-term future, there are a lot of opportunities to grow with additional baseband customers, increasing application processor sales. There's a lot of great opportunities going forward. But in the near term, we believe it's simply softness in some of the key customers as we mentioned.
Operator: Our next question is with Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I had a question on Near Field Communication, so obviously you're pointing to this as a longer-term growth opportunity. Do you see that growth opportunity coming primarily as discrete unit demand or do you see that primarily as a combo solution where perhaps it helps to support combo ASPs without necessarily driving further unit demand or is it some combination of both? If you could you give us some color on, I guess, the growth outlook and where it's coming from, if from NFC, that'd be helpful.
Scott McGregor: Sure, let me try to help you on that. I think that the market overall for the industry in NFC is going to start off as discrete devices simply because they'll come to market sooner, they're easier for people to just add in to existing products and it just makes more sense. Over time, we believe the NFC is a technology that will naturally make sense to go into connectivity combo chips. It has some similarity with some of those in terms of antenna requirements and other things, and so there's some advantages including it in combo chips. Broadcom has a very strong combo strategy, so it's a natural for us to think of it going into combo chips over time. So I would expect in the long run, I'd expect a lot of the NFC reader business to be in combos. Now the NFC tags are very low-cost things that could be in posters or other kinds of things. I expect that to remain discrete for the foreseeable future, so you really need to differentiate between the reader market and the tag and of course in NFC you can be both a reader and a tag simultaneously. For reader tag combinations, that's a natural thing to put into combo chips. Readers make sense in combo chips and the tags themselves could be in combo chips, but again, if you're trying to get something in a poster, you're really driving ultra low cost and you're going to try and drive that price down to $0.10 or something like that. And so that probably makes sense to keep discrete. Broadcom hasn't announced our particular chips and how we plan to serve that market, but as I've said in my remarks, we're very interested in this market, and we believe it could be a good adder going forward. We see it as adding to the ASP of combo chips and to the extent we do discrete chips, it would be discrete separate revenue.
Operator: Our next question is from Romit Shah with Nomura Securities.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Sorry to beat a dead horse, but trying to get some more color on what's happening in Mobile & Wireless. Scott, I hear that -- I hear you saying you're not losing share, but I'm having a hard time reconciling the numbers versus some of the other guys like Qualcomm which grew units in Q1 and guided units flat in Q2. If you're not losing share, to me it would seem that either your customers are losing share or there's an issue with ASPs. And if the answer is that it's customer specific, in other words, your customers are losing share, that would seem like it's a multi-quarter issue. So the first question is would you agree with that conclusion? And then second, if the wireless market is weak, should we be mindful of your wireless margins, which I think have held up pretty well actually coming under pressure at some point?
Scott McGregor: You've got a lot of questions embedded in there. Let me try and help you the best I can. I believe QCT guided flat to slightly down for the second quarter. They have some overlap with us on customers and some customers that we have that they don't and vice versa, so there's certainly some effects there. ASP is always a factor, but that's not the predominant factor that we see. I would go back and say, we can't elaborate a lot, but based on the significant customers we have, we're seeing that they have some softness in the next quarter and that's what's reflected in our revenues. And I don't see it as a particular ASP issue. In terms of margins, we don't see any particular unusual thing going on in margins there. We've been able to balance our portfolio and as you can see in our financials, we try and maintain our margins within the range we talked about at Analyst Day, and I don't see why we wouldn't be able to do that going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company, LLC: Scott, just wanted to ask on the PC business, Intel sort of surprised, I think, a lot of folks with its guidance for Q1 and Q2. They have a lot of Bluetooth and wireless LAN products going in PCs. Can you just give us a sense what you see happening in the PC for Q1 and Q2?
Scott McGregor: We see the PC market as maintaining. The Bluetooth and wireless LAN sales we have in there, we continue to do well. We believe we're approximately holding share in that space. I think to the extent that tablets take over netbooks and notebooks, that will be beneficial for us because we generally have a higher share in tablets than we do in the PC market. We have a very high share in the tablet market with our combo chips, and so any trend moving from PCs to tablets should be beneficial for us.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Luke with Barclays Capital.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: Just with respect to your OpEx guide, Eric, how do you see that going forward for the year in as much as with a tempered revenue outlook? It seems that some of the OpEx spend have been tempered as well. How do you see the puts and takes as you go into the back half of the year? And I don't know, Scott, how you generally perceive the broader outlook for the year. Do you have any broader commentary on your expectations? Do you think that you're in, for example, a seasonal environment for the back half of the year given the broad demand trends you're seeing or is it just too uncertain to say?
Eric Brandt: So, Tim, just a little data. I mean if you look at Q1, we were up $36 million, $37 million. Fringe and vacation accrual is $36 million of that number and stock-based comp is $15 million. So that means that we were actually up $50 million between those 2 numbers together, $52 million, and then we actually posted up $36 million, $37 million, which means that we were managing our expenses reasonably tight, and some of that quite frankly is a normal seasonal shift, seasonal down in tapeouts in Q1 as people rush to get their tapeouts done for their MBOs in Q4. As we look at the rest of the year, I think you can -- again, we don't provide guidance for the rest of the year, but I would say, probably the best thing to do at this point in time is take your model, step it down based on Q1 and Q2 results and run the same slope. Having said that, we remain committed to run our business between 20% and 22% non-GAAP, which is what we said at Analyst Day, and we will manage our business as best we can to do that, bearing in mind that we have very significant fixed costs. But we're committed to run our business fiscally correctly and consistent with what we communicated to our investors on Analyst Day. And to the extent that revenue in the industry is a little bit weaker, we'll manage costs a little bit tighter and to the extent that revenue picks up in Q3 and those couple of customers that are sort of a little soft in Q2 begin to pick up in Q3. We'll probably turn on some spending. But again as we said on Analyst Day, we'll try to keep the spending rock behind the revenue curve as best we can from here.
Operator: Our next question is from David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Could you give us some idea as to what the percentage of your baseband sales of 3G as opposed to lower levels?
Scott McGregor: We don't break out the specific numbers on that, but I would say that our EDGE products still outnumber our 3G products. Over the course of next year, I'd expect that trend to reverse and sell more 3G than 2G. And then the following years, I'd expect to migrate increasing 3G and start to sell some 4G.
David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Great. And what do you reckon your connectivity market share is in smartphones and the market share you think you have for connectivity in the overall addressed phone market?
Scott McGregor: I don't know the exact number on that, but I would say the overwhelming majority of smartphones and tablets basically design our combo chips in at this point. We're in almost everyone of the top 20 customers across all the different operating systems. And so we have pretty good share, and again we will, as I mentioned on an earlier question, we will fight very hard to keep that.
Operator: Our next question is from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Emily Scudder: This is Emily calling in for Ambrish. Thanks for taking my call. Just 1 quick question, can you comment on the target level for inventory as we exit this quarter and whether or not you're seeing any front-end or back-end constraints?
Eric Brandt: So you can see our inventory levels came down about $50 million. Our turns went up about 0.1 of a point. We'll try to manage our inventory reasonably tight around where it is on a turns basis, perhaps a little bit better. Interestingly over the last year, the amount of hubbing inventory we are carrying for customers has doubled, so that does affect our turns to some degree. In terms of constraints, as Scott mentioned, a relatively small amount of our business is exposed with some constraints going into Q2. I can't speak for Q3 at this point, but I think our operations team has done an excellent job at making sure that we've secured supply and that we are really leveraging the strength of our engineering organization to rapidly and on an expedited basis qualify second sources, which I think is a unique capability to a company of our size.
Scott McGregor: So I would expect that there are probably some smaller companies and competitors of ours that are going to have some trouble in front-end and back-end sourcing, but I believe we've done a great job and I don't expect that we will.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Scott McGregor for closing remarks.
Scott McGregor: Thank you, Manisha. In closing, I'd like to leave you with a few thoughts. Broadcom is in the fast-growing wired and wireless communications markets, and our cutting-edge solutions are enabling more content and bandwidth and these are strong, long-term trends. We have strong design win momentum. I mentioned earlier that we had, not only record design wins last year, but record design wins in the first quarter. And so we believe that momentum is building for our products going forward. We're rapidly deploying new competitive 40-nanometer parts, which we think differentiate us from a number of our competitors. We excel at silicon integration. Our focus remains on creating outstanding communications products that enable us to grow our market share. Thank you very much, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-02 16:45:00) =====
Executives: Eric Brandt - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Scott McGregor - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Chris Zegarelli - 
Analysts: Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc Daniel Amir - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. Sandeep Shyamsukha  Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Arnab Chanda - Roth Capital Partners, LLC Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom's Fourth Quarter and Year 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Your speakers for today's call are Scott McGregor, Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer; Eric Brandt, Broadcom's Chief Financial Officer; and Chris Zegarelli, Director, Investor Relations. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Zegarelli. Please go ahead.
Chris Zegarelli: Thanks, Christine. During this call, we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue, gross margin and operating expense targets for the first quarter of 2011 and any other future periods as well as statements about the prospects for our various businesses, potential market share and the development status and planned availability of new products.  You should note that the guidance we provide today is based upon forecasts that require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions using information that is available to us at this time. It should be clearly understood that our actual performance and financial results may differ substantially from our forecasts and the other forward-looking statements we make today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results, including, among other things, general economic conditions, are discussed in the Risk Factor sections of our annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of today's earnings press release.  As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement except as required by law. Please refer to the Investor section of our website at www.broadcom.com for additional historical, financial and statistical information, including the information required by SEC Regulation G. In addition, we have placed a slide deck, which is available now in the Investor Relations section of our website, that is on the right-hand side of the page under Q4 2010 Earnings Information. For increased transparency, we have incorporated additional tables and information regarding our future guidance, historical performance and segment operating income.  With that, let me turn this call over to Scott.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. Broadcom continued to perform particularly well in the December quarter, with better revenue results than we anticipated. Broadcom's quarterly revenue growth was well above seasonal, with record sales of $1.95 billion.  On a product revenue basis, this is up 8% sequentially, and over 47% from the solid sales growth quarter one year ago. Sequential revenue growth in the quarter was led by strength in our Mobile & Wireless business, which was up 14% sequentially. Our Broadband and Infrastructure sales also reached record highs, up 3% and 4%, respectively. Broadcom's strong revenue growth was driven by new product ramps and increasing attach rates in a number of wired and wireless communications markets.  Broadcom far surpassed our 2010 financial goals of gaining market share while driving meaningful financial leverage. Broadcom's annual revenue increased approximately 52% year-over-year, significantly better than the overall industry growth of 25%. We delivered almost 17 full points of improvement in product operating margin and achieved record EPS of $1.99. As a result, Broadcom has exceptional cash flow from operations of approximately $1.4 billion, and our cash and marketable securities position increased to a record level of $4.1 billion.  Broadcom's goal remains to create great products that enable us to grow our market share and deliver strong profitability and robust cash flow from operations. We believe we can achieve all of these objectives while at the same time increasing the return of capital to our shareholders. Our confidence in cutting-edge solutions and solid financial discipline is the basis for the announcement we made this afternoon to increase our quarterly dividend by 12.5% and to accelerate our share repurchase program.  I'll now turn the call over to Eric for details on the fourth quarter results and first quarter guidance.
Eric Brandt: Thanks, Scott. As Chris mentioned, please refer to the data breakout in the Investor Section of our website for additional financial information that will supplement my financial commentary. We've included data to reconcile product gross margin and operating expense as well as modify the presentation of our income statement to provide non-GAAP numbers in light of the accounting adjustments associated with the acquisitions closed in Q4. Moving to the financial overview. To summarize for Q4, total revenue of $1.95 billion including $1.89 billion in product revenue. Q4 total net revenue was up approximately 45% from prior year and 8% from Q3 levels. Total GAAP gross margin declined 80 basis points to 50.9%. Product gross margin in Q4 decreased 70 basis points to 49.4% due to the acquisition and warranty charges mentioned at our Analyst Day. Q4 2010 GAAP R&D plus SG&A increased to $641 million in the middle of the updated guidance from Analyst Day. GAAP earnings per share for Q4 were $0.47, which includes approximately $0.11 per share negative impact associated with certain nonrecurring items primarily related to the settlement and asset impairment charges taken during the quarter. Excluding these nonrecurring items, earnings per share was $0.58 compared to a First Call consensus GAAP EPS estimate of $0.57. Also impacting EPS was a higher share count due to option exercises and stock price during the quarter. Cash flow from operations for Q4 was $452 million. Full year cash flow from operations was a record $1.4 billion. Our cash and marketable securities balance was a record $4.06 billion. Moving to revenue and gross margin. In December at our analyst meeting, we said we expected Q4 total net revenue to be approximately $1.9 billion. Total net revenue ended at $1.95 billion, stronger than expected. We believe some of the strength was generated by customers ordering slightly ahead of underlying demand due to the continued tight supply in Q4.  Our Broadband Communications segment came in stronger than expected, with growth in broadband modem and digital set-top boxes. In the Mobile & Wireless segment, we saw strong growth as anticipated due to the significant strength in combo solutions and the ramp of our cellular products. Our Infrastructure and Networking segment also came in stronger than we had anticipated, driven principally by Ethernet switches. Our Q4 GAAP product gross margin decreased 70 basis points to 49.4%. This was primarily due to acquisition charges associated with inventory step-up and increased amortization of 20 basis points plus approximately 40 basis points associated with warranty charges mentioned at our Analyst Day. Net of these two effects, product gross margin was roughly flat with Q3, in line with our outlook provided in October. Moving to operating expenses. Total R&D and SG&A expenses for Q4 were up $48 million from Q3 levels, which is in the middle of the updated guidance provided at Analyst Day. As I mentioned earlier, acquisitions added approximately $8 million, which includes roughly $2 million of stock-based compensation.  As I mentioned at Analyst Day, we had two items that were not previously included in guidance: $14 million in stock-based compensation due to a step-up in our employee stock purchase plan and increased payroll taxes on option exercises in the quarter. Excluding these items, R&D and SG&A expenses increased $26 million in Q4, consistent with the $20 million to $30 million we expected in October. During the quarter, the company also recorded nonrecurring GAAP charges of $66 million, including $17 million associated with the impairment of acquisition intangibles plus $49 million associated with certain settlements booked in the quarter. Moving to the balance sheet. As I mentioned earlier, cash flow from operations was $452 million for Q4 and a record $1.4 billion for all of 2010. Cash and marketable securities ended 2010 at a record $4.06 billion, benefiting from our strong operating cash flow, our successful debt offering and nearly $850 million in option proceeds. These were offset by approximately $450 million of capital returned to investors in the form of dividends and share repurchases plus roughly $600 million in M&A in 2010. For the year, we repurchased 9 million shares of stock. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding decreased to 38 days in Q4. Moving to expectations. We currently expect net revenue in Q1 between $1.75 billion and $1.85 billion. Sequential revenue expectations for our Broadband Communications and Mobile & Wireless segments are expected to be down in Q1, while Infrastructure and Networking sales are expected to be roughly flat.  We expect product gross margin to remain roughly flat, net of the increased step-up in amortization costs of roughly 60 basis points. On a non-GAAP basis, gross margin will be roughly flat and within our targeted model. We expect GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses to increase by approximately $45 million to $55 million, driven principally by employee cost adjustments from our annual compensation review process and a Q1 fringe accounting step-up totaling roughly $30 million.  In addition, stock-based compensation will step up approximately $15 million, also associated with the annual merit process. Fringe and SBC cost will step down in Q2, as usual. Legal spending is expected to also increase by approximately $10 million as the derivative case goes to trial in Q1. R&D and SG&A increases in Q4 and projected in Q1 are above the norm for the reasons outlined. However, given the growth in 2010, excluding legal upticks and the effects of any M&A in 2011, we expect these costs to increase at a slower sequential rate than what we experienced in 2010. GAAP share count is expected to be approximately 585 million to 590 million shares. Finally, as Scott mentioned, we announced a 12.5% increase in our dividend, to $0.09 per quarter. In addition, we announced our intention to enter into a $300 million accelerated share repurchase agreement over approximately the next 90 days to offset some of the shares released in Q4 due to option exercises. We believe this reflects our powerful cash-generation profile as a growth company, our strong balance sheet, and our ongoing commitment to return capital to our investors.  And now, I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor: Thanks, Eric. Starting with our home platform, Broadcom's Broadband Communications revenue grew approximately 3% sequentially to a new high, with record sales from core set-top box chipsets and Broadband modems. We provide technology that delivers performance and integration as service providers expand their media networks to allow more content and bandwidth for next-generation connected homes. Broadcom is also playing a key role in enabling the convergence of voice, video and data services in China with our portfolio of market-leading and high-performance DOCSIS cable modems, set-top box technologies, EPON and GPON chipsets, all while benefiting from the global adoption of HD content.  Our Broadband Modem business continued to show strong year-over-year growth with record revenue in Q4. Sales were driven by increased cable modem volume for DOCSIS 3.0, strong VDSL2 central office and CPE shipments, and continued strength in ADSL2+ revenue.  In Consumer Electronics, the DTV business shipped production volumes of its first 40 nanometer chip, which was slightly exhibited the TV manufacturers at last month's Consumer Electronic Show, with those televisions winning multiple awards for innovation and picture quality. During the quarter, we announced and closed the acquisitions of Percello and Gigle Networks. Percello's energy-efficient and cost-optimized small-cell and Femtocell architecture provides significant benefits as wireless data usage continues to grow and wireless carriers increasingly look to offload both data and voice traffic while offering subscribers better cell reception. Gigle Network's powerline technology extends our portfolio of networking technologies for the digital home, which already includes Bluetooth, Ethernet, DLNA, MoCA and Wi-Fi.  Broadcom is uniquely able to offer service providers and device manufacturers a variety of ways to deploy whole-home connected products and services. These two acquisitions have strong product and marketing teams. The integration activities have gone well, and we're pleased with customer attraction to date. We expect Broadband revenue to decline in Q1 driven by some excess inventory and a couple of our customers ordering more than underlying demand in Q4. But we expect it to subsequently rebound in Q2. Moving to Infrastructure. Broadcom's Infrastructure and Networking business was up roughly 4% sequentially, to a new high, driven by record sales of switches. As discussed at Analyst Day, we expected to see strength at our switching portfolio from new product adoption, service provider, broadband network upgrades and roll-outs, new enterprise solutions, and the increased adoption of 10G in the data center.  Enterprise revenue was up sequentially due to new product ramps at several customers. Service provider solutions continued to be strong in developed markets, offsetting a temporary pause in China deployments, which we expect to pick up again in 2011. Broadcom's Ethernet solutions continue to outpace the industry, driven by our ability to leverage our broad IP portfolio to deliver targeted solutions for each of our markets and enable our customers to deploy scalable and high-performance products.  In Q4, we introduced the industry's smallest and most powerful multiport 10-gigabit-per-second controllers, a low-cost end-to-end timing-over-packet solution for network operators, and we unveiled the industry's first switch for 100-terabit-per-second scalable systems.  In service provider networks, the transition to Ethernet from traditional PDH and Sonic technologies was a large part of our success in 2010, and this growth story is now expanding beyond Asia into the developed markets. We expect that surging demand for video and data will outstrip expansion and capacity, resulting in a multiyear revenue growth opportunity for our largest businesses of Switches and 5s. We are now shipping multiple 40-nanometer products, including our 64-port 10-gig Trident chips that continue to gain wide customer adoption. As Eric mentioned, we expect infrastructure revenue to be roughly flat in the first quarter. Moving to our Hand platform, Broadcom experienced 14% sequential revenue growth in its Mobile & Wireless segment, with significant expansion in sales across our cellular and wireless connectivity solutions. We announced our new 3G dual-core android baseband platform, which enables our partners to deliver more affordable smartphones with popular features such as multi touchscreens and downloadable applications.  In addition, Broadcom completed the acquisition of Beceem Communications, who is a proven leader in 4G wireless solutions. Our wireless connectivity products did particularly well in Q4, with record revenue in most of our lines of business. Broadcom's performance in wireless combo solutions was exceptional. Our combo chip success is driven by multiple Tier 1 handset customers and multiple OS platforms. Broadcom's industry-leading combo solutions will benefit from increased attach rates in mobile devices and strong growth in smartphones. In wireless LAN, we're seeing strong traction with our dual-band 802.11n Wi-Fi solution in leading Blu-ray disc players and digital televisions, which give users the benefit of seamlessly connected entertainment and the ability to view Internet content on a large screen.  Our Bluetooth technology is increasingly finding its way into innovative consumer devices by providing a more convenient user interface, eliminating wires that can clutter workspaces. We announced our next-generation Bluetooth solution for these devices, enabling longer battery life and lower cost and helping drive the trend towards more widely available wireless user interfaces, such as remote controls, keyboards, pointing devices and 3D glasses. Our GPS business experienced exceptional growth during the quarter. As location-based services become even more important, our proprietary offerings at hardware, software and data services provide our customers with leading location capabilities, both outdoors as well as indoors.  In Tablets, we announced our persona carrier reference design, with dual-core one-gigahertz-plus ARM Cortex-A9 processors integrated with Broadcom's industry-leading video core 4 graphics and multimedia subsystem as well as a rich set of peripheral interfaces. Broadcom has created a unique connected home platform by integrating key industry standards and proprietary technologies from its Home, Infrastructure and Handheld businesses. This design enables seamless interaction of devices in the connected home, such as set-top boxes, smart televisions, mobile phones, smart appliances and smart grid applications. As we discussed at Analyst Day, we believe the market opportunity for our wireless connectivity devices will continue to grow as we benefit from increasing attach rates in devices like smartphones, tablets, printers, Blu-ray players and digital TVs. To Ensure that Broadcom remains at the forefront of providing complete solutions for the hand, we've combined our wireless connectivity and mobile platforms organizations into a single business unit, in line with how we've been reporting our quarterly results. Under a unified Executive Management team led by Bob Rango, we believe our Mobile & Wireless group will be even more successful leveraging our complete IP portfolio, integrating more and more functionality into single-chip solutions and executing better than our competition.  Getting back to financial performance, we expect our Mobile & Wireless segment revenue to show a roughly seasonal decline in Q1. In summary, Broadcom is benefiting from some very powerful long-term trends entering 2011. We see increasing attach rates for our wireless connectivity devices in phones, tablets and a number of connected home and consumer electronic products. We have new competitive 40 nanometer parts and increased addressable market opportunities throughout our Home, Hand and Infrastructure markets. We have momentum building with acquisitions in 4G multimode modems, Near Field Communications, Broadband access, home networking and Femtocell technologies. Broadcom's focus remains to create outstanding communications and connectivity products that enable us to grow our market share while maintaining strong profitability. This concludes our prepared remarks, and we're now ready for your questions. Christine, may we have the first question please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from James Schneider from Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: If we look at your Q1 guidance, you talked about, first of all, normal seasonality in the Wireless business. I guess I would've thought that it might be a little bit better than normal given the secular growth you're seeing in smartphones and your attachment to the combo chips there. Can you address that and also address how much revenue in Q1 is incorporated from the acquisitions you closed in Q4?
Scott McGregor: In terms of Q1 seasonality on our Wireless business, we look across that -- we it to be roughly in line with what we've seen over the last five years. We do believe that, that business will continue to grow strongly. And I would say that will be one of our strongest growth drivers over the course of the year. So I view it as more of a quarterly fluctuation rather than any indication of a let-up in attach rates and strength in that business.
Eric Brandt: And, Jim, as far as the acquisitions in Q1, they weren't material, they were single-digit-million revenues.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Can you maybe address the profile of OpEx you expect as we move throughout the year? You talked about a fringe step-down in Q2. Are there any other benefits you might see from decreased legal activity as we head throughout the year? Or how should we think about the kind of puts and takes in Q2 and beyond?
Eric Brandt: There are two step-downs. There is a fringe step-down. There should be a stock-based compensation step-down as well. Beyond that, the merit increase only has, really, one month, so you have a full quarter effect, so that steps up again a little bit in Q2. Legal, I don't know. But over the last year, we did probably, with the exclusion of Q4 and Q1, we were guiding to $20 million to $25 million a quarter. I would expect as we look at 2011 that number to look like $5 million to $10 million less sequentially going forward. So it will be -- it should be a slower ramp based on the current expectations of industry growth rates. If that accelerates, we may accelerate as well, but it would be behind the revenue curve.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Berger from FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Can you give us a little more perspective on your design win traction? In particular, in cellular and in the combo chips. And maybe what you think that will add to revenues as we move through the year. Or just any detail there.
Scott McGregor: In the combo chips, we're seeing extremely strong design win traction. We've got a number of new products we've announced recently, and they're being very well received by customers. We continue to have what we believe are the best combo chip solutions out there. And our customers are reflecting that in terms of their design win choices. So that's really the basis by which we see that as strong growth going forward. Both that and the increased attach rates we talked about at Analyst Day. In the cellular space, we have said previously we are working with additional customers, but we don't have any announcements to make right now. And we'll generally announce those products as they start to ship in the market.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Can you provide any other metrics on number of design wins, number of models? Anything so I can kind of grow that number from 500 in 2010 towards something in 2011?
Scott McGregor: I regret, Craig, it's hard to do that. The customers we have today, we don't like to preannounce their models and their plans, and generally, for new customers, we want to wait for those to come into the market before those are announced. So I'll adjourn on that.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Let me try a follow-up on the Broadband inventory. Can you give us a little more detail there? What products and magnitude and timing?
Scott McGregor: Certainly. In the Broadband, there's one or two customers that we believe ordered more in Q4 than the underlying demand would support. And we think they did that because there'd been a long tightness in the industry, and I think they finally got all they hoped for. And so we believe that's a one-quarter effect in inventory issue in Q1. And as I said in my earlier remarks, we do expect that business to bounce back strongly in Q2. So it is a short-term effect, and I can't give you the specific customer or the specific area. But it is quite limited, but it probably had the effect of moving $10 million or $20 million higher in Q4 versus what we would have otherwise seen in Q1.
Operator: The next question comes from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I know you mentioned customers ordering ahead of their demand curves being partially responsible for some of the decline here in Q1. I know you just mentioned Broadband being one of those areas. Scott, I think you mentioned service provider customers in Asia. What sort of indicators are you monitoring here in the first quarter that gives you confidence that these segments will return to sequential growth in the second quarter?
Scott McGregor: I think, going back to the inventory situation, we had a pretty tight supply situation and some fairly long lead times throughout 2010 because of the robust growth in the industry. And so a lot of customers were concerned about whether they would get enough parts. So we think some of them might have gotten a little over-excited on that and maybe ordered a little ahead of what they actually needed. We are in close communication with these customers, and we have pretty good visibility, especially in the Broadband space, into the end markets. And so, based on what we see in the end markets and our conversations with those customers, we believe that it is a fairly simple -- and it's specific to a couple of parts and one or two customers. So we believe we've got a good handle on this.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co: If you look at the opportunities ahead of you, and given your view of the markets sort of in 2011, can you just rank order the growth of your three business segments this year?
Scott McGregor: Meaning into 2011?
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, 2011.
Scott McGregor: I think that's hard for us to do. We're always surprised by what grows the fastest, but in general, I would expect our Wireless business to be our fastest-growing business. We believe we have good opportunities in Broadband and Infrastructure as well. But I would probably say, of the three, I'd expect the Wireless business to be the fastest grower. Probably a little harder to judge the other two.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Luke from Barclays Capital.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: With respect to the Wireless area, could you comment on how the cellular Baseband business strategy is developing in terms of traction? You had the two core customers of Samsung and Nokia. Do you have some sense of where you're seeing traction there? Obviously there's been a lot of figures on Nokia and the degree to which they would ramp EDGE production in the current environment. And also, just given the new structure where you may be unifying the management structure, how will that work? What will Scott be doing? Will he be reporting in to Bob Rango now?
Scott McGregor: Well, our strategy is very much intact, and we've, I think, been quite good at ramping the two prime customers we've already announced. 2010 was a very important year for us as we did ramp Nokia in addition to Samsung. And so we had two very strong customers going into the end of the year. And in fact, our Cellular Baseband business had outstanding performance into the fourth quarter. So very, very good results from that team. We do see a continued drive to create what we believe are integrated handheld devices and that Broadcom's got a very strong advantage across the breadth of our technologies. And the combined organization really allows us to bring all the power of combining various of those technologies into single devices, and we'll continue to do that. I think Broadcom is one of the very few number of companies that are capable of that kind of integration, and so we believe we can offer strong solutions for our customers there. We have said at Analyst Day we will look to add additional customers, and I apologize, I can't announce any of those until they're shipping in the market, but they will indeed show up. And I think for those of you who were at CES, you probably saw some interesting new technologies there, not only the debut of some of our 4G technologies but also significant performance increases on ARM Cortex-A9 processors. And I think if you put all of those together, you can probably get a sense of where we're headed. In terms of organization, Scott Bibaud now does report to Bob Rango, and we'll say more about that over the course of the year.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: Just a follow-up, Scott, just on the Wireless side. It seems that, having just focused on the two core customers, that now as you approach the lower-mid-end of smartphones that you'll now have a broader roster of customers. Is that the strategy now? And then, just for Eric, your gross margin, it seemed like it was impacted just by the acquisition charges. But what are the key levers there as you look forward for calendar '11?
Eric Brandt: In terms of cellular customers, we have a great deal of interest from a lot of the cellular customers. And I think, keeping to our strategy of focusing on the larger customers, we'll probably look for the larger, more important customers as our next customers going forward. So we'll continue that strategy. But I do believe we're seeing a lot of interest from these customers in the products we've been doing.
Scott McGregor: Tim, as far as gross margin goes, certainly on the GAAP side as we move out of Q1 into Q2, we should get some benefit as we wash out the stepped-up inventory. And that should provide a bit of a tailwind on a GAAP basis. Beyond that, I think it really gets down to the mix cost and price part of our business and continuing to drive smaller die sizes and better cost positions with our products as we innovate. I think that we are very focused on it. All of the businesses are very focused on it. It's hard to have a conversation about a product these days without a discussion about how its gross margin will be accretive to the business. So those are the things that we're focused on. I think as the enterprise market picks up, probably into 2011, we'll benefit from that, certainly on the mix side.
Operator: The next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Eric, let me just be sure I understand the comments on OpEx. How should we think about OpEx through the rest of this year? So what kind of seasonal rate should I expect? And how much additional cost does merit and bonus rate of pay add to each quarter?
Eric Brandt: Again, Uche, the best I can do at this point because of the nature of the way takeouts are lumpy, and sometimes legal can be lumpy, is to say that we certainly are entering 2011 with a more attenuated view on operating expenses than what we did in 2010, which was growing quite significantly. As we roll across the year, I think we will see $5 million to $10 million less sequential increases than what we saw in 2010. Beyond that, because of the way tape out, sometimes snow plow or other costs come in, or if we do an M&A transaction, it's very hard for me to do that. But I'm just trying to give you the best picture of how we're thinking about growing OpEx now that we're at model, much more closely aligned with what we think revenue growth will be.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Scott, let me just ask you about apps process. I'm sorry if I missed the early part of your answers, and I'm asking you the same question again. Now that you've got into this market and your compound is using the reference design, what do you think are the differentiations you bring into this app processor market? It's looking like a pretty crowded market as it is. And how do you -- what is the potential you see for Broadcom in this space?
Scott McGregor: I think we've said consistently that there are a number of technologies that we do not believe will be stand-alone chips going forward, whether it's cellular baseband or application processor. And we believe that our customers are looking to integrate a lot of these for cost savings, for power savings, also for footprint savings inside of relatively space-constrained devices. And Broadcom's strength is the breadth of our IP and the ability to integrate all those technologies into a single device. If you look at the product that we talked about at CES for tablets, it's a very interesting product. It not only had the north-of-one-gigahertz ARM Cortex-A9s, dual ARM A9s, but it also had all kinds of VoIP technology and video processing technology and a variety of peripheral support and so really created a much more complete solution for somebody creating a tablet, which brings the cost down. And so you're able to create very, very high-performing tablets for a bill of materials that are below $100. And so we believe that making a lot of these great technologies available in a very price-performing package, an overall solution is a real differentiator, and I think you'll see us continue to do that. I think a lot of our competitors who only do application processors, who only do basebands or other things, are going to have a problem that they won't be able to compete in terms of creating that overall solution. They may have a great, excellent component, but as we found with combo chips, having an excellent component doesn't play when things begin to consolidate.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: If we look at the enterprise networking markets relative to the growth in other segments of Broadcom, this is one area that grew less. As we look into 2011, can you kind of help me through what you expect from that market? What are the key drivers there? And how would you think about gross prospects for the networking business?
Scott McGregor: Networking business is driven by a number of things. One is the explosion of data across the networks. And Cisco, by the way, has a very good white paper on this that details exactly where a lot of that growth is coming from and what's driving it. Certainly, as many of the cellular carriers have found, if you put a lot of smartphones on these mobile networks, they use a lot of bandwidth. And so there's a tremendous opportunity not only in providing the air protocols for those devices, but in all of the mobile backhaul as well, and so a tremendous networking opportunity there. And then, of course, tying that together across the Internet backbone, where Broadcom has a very sizable position. And then into the cloud data centers. And in the cloud data centers and in enterprise, as people are trying to drive more video data and pictorial data, it's driving the bandwidth way up. And so, for example, our acquisition of Dune for creating a very high-performance switch fabric is getting incredible customer demand because, frankly, just nothing else can switch at those kind of sustained rates for a very large data center. So those are the kind of things that are driving it. There's also an evolution from gigabit technology to 10G. As the cost and power consumption of 10G over copper, 10GBASE-T, starts to come down, we believe that'll drive both an ASP increase and a replacement cycle in a lot of the high-end enterprise devices. And then just overall switching support for 10G and 40G and 100G going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: A couple of questions around the Mobility and the Wireless groups. Just kind of curious, as we look at the EDGE portion of the baseband business this year, is that still a growth business? And if it's not, do we still think about the overall baseband opportunities being a growth business for Broadcom this year?
Scott McGregor: We do believe that the cellular business is a growth business for us this year. We are still not completely penetrated into some of our larger customers, so there is a potential for larger EDGE sales. So not only larger EDGE sales, but we do expect to grow our 3G business as well.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: And then, Scott, when you look at the guidance for that business to be down seasonal in the March quarter, are there expectations of Tablet ramping in the March quarter? Or do you see the Tablet opportunity as really a June quarter or beyond? And I guess you can help me understand what you think your content potential is, both on the connectivity side and also on the ops processor side.
Scott McGregor: Well, connectivity in Tablets is definitely an opportunity in the March quarter. Tablets has definitely captured the imagination of many people, and Broadcom's combo products are in most of the tablet products that are out there. So it really allows us to have an opportunity as Tablets continue to grow and become more popular. In terms of some of the tablet products, which include the processors and other things, that we showed at CES, that's probably not a large opportunity for us in the March quarter. That'll happen more over the next couple of years as we get into some new designs there and get traction on those. We do have some designs shipping today. The NTT DoCoMo product, for example, and some other carrier-based tablets are shipping today, and that'll probably be the first place we see the growth for complete tablet solutions from Broadcom. And in the meantime, we'll do very well in terms of the wireless connectivity side, GPS and then probably, as we go into next year, things like NFC, which I think will be very important in tablets as well.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: Eric, at Analyst Day, you had a presentation talking about just the structural increase in design cost as you move down Moore's law and start to integrate more and more functionality. Just with the step-up here in the near-term of OpEx, I just want to be clear, you're still comfortable with kind of the long-term OpEx margin targets out there? And if you can remind us what they are, that'd be great.
Eric Brandt: Sure. So I don't think the step-ups you see really reflect what's going on in the underlying business. The step-up in stock-based compensation in Q4 plus $8 million of acquisition absorption in Q4 really drove the OpEx well above what it would normally be and what the underlying OpEx is. If you look at Q1, again, it's the same thing. It's a series of underlying things that are not within our control. If you add up the merit increase plus the fringe with the stock-based compensation that moves from the merit increase and the legal cost, that's $55 million of the $45 million to $55 million. So what you see is, underneath that, is that our underlying cost control is actually much tighter than what it looks like with the guidance we provided. And so we haven't changed our view of our operating model. And on a non-GAAP basis, with operating margins at 20% to 22%, we're operating above that today. We think we'll operate in that range in 2011 and, from a GAAP perspective, 15% to 17% on a product operating margin basis. So nothing from our perspective in terms of what's going on in our business due to the acquisition-related charges and the step-up of stock-based compensation in Q4 and Q1 change our long-term view of the business. And hence why I made the point that the operating expenses would be lower than what we saw in 2010 as we go across 2011 and we begin to match operating expenses much more closely with revenue growth.
Operator: The next question comes from Glen Yeung from Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: Can I go back to a comment you made earlier about when you were talking about inventory? Clearly, last year was a year where the industry faced tight supply. But when you think about 2011, how do you assess that same condition? And I'm kind of asking this in two ways. One, I'm going to assume that Broadcom can get the supply that it needs, but is that an advantage for Broadcom in what might be a tight year in general?
Scott McGregor: I think there will continue to be some tightness throughout 2011. There's been some structural underbuild in overall foundry capacity for the last couple of years, and so I think that'll linger throughout 2011. And certainly, if the economy picks up more strongly than people are expecting, that could become as tight or even tighter than 2011, which would be good for ASPs and other things. I do believe Broadcom can get the wafers we need. We have very good relationships across a number of the top foundry partners. So I think right now, we're seeing some seasonal softness in the industry which has reduced the overloading that the foundries were seeing last year to more normal levels. I think a number of them reported in the last couple of weeks, and they're now getting to be high but relatively normal-loading. And we'll see how that goes forward. Some were bringing on additional capacity, which will help, and Broadcom is certainly looking at migrating a number of our products into smaller feature sizes. Most of our products are now in 65-nanometer, approximately 2/3 of our products, or 65% of our products are in 65-nanometer. I think I recall the other day looking at that coincidence. But we'll be moving more rapidly into 40 nanometer and other things. So in general, I think it's going to be an interesting year. I think it's going to get tight in the second half, and I think Broadcom is in a good position with our various foundry partners to weather that.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Ellis from Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: In the past, you've mentioned you think you have about 80% smartphone combo share. One, do you think you'll be able to maintain that share this year? And then as you think about the growth in that business, do you see it coming more from units, say, from tablets or smartphones as they go further into the handset population? Or is it more new technology like NFC, dual-mode, Wi-Fi, et cetera.
Scott McGregor: Let me take a couple of facts on answering that question. Certainly, for this year, all of the design wins have pretty much been decided already for what's going to be in smartphones and tablets this year. So we feel pretty good about our market position continuing to lead in combination chips across smartphones and tablets up throughout 2011. Going forward, we believe that we will increase the competitiveness of our products, both in terms of moving to smaller feature sizes, adding new features and adding new technologies, everything from new varieties of wireless LAN, there's some technologies called 802.11ac and ad, they'd increase bandwidth and increase some of the capacity of those devices. There's various new Bluetooth technologies coming out. NFC, we are big fans of NFC. We think NFC will have extremely high penetration into mobile devices. It could be as high as -- it could catch up with Bluetooth in terms of attach rate because of what a lot of the carriers and other players are thinking of doing with that technology. So there are additional technologies beyond that that we haven't announced or discussed publicly. So we will continue to create very competitive combo products not only with creating great combinations of the products we have today in technologies we have today, but we'll try and push that forefront constantly.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Cassidy from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Going back to the foundry situation, can you say, is the tightness more related to the 65 nanometer and less than 40? Or maybe if you can give a little more details on what you're seeing.
Scott McGregor: We see tightness more in the 65 and 40 nanometer area and less in the larger geometries. I think a lot of people have moved to those smaller feature sizes. Certainly, we have now with the majority of our volume coming from 65 and down. And so, however, that is where most of the foundries are adding new capacity. So we'll see how that develops over the course of the year in terms of who wins the race, capacity or load.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Scott, could you talk a little bit about the linearity of the cellular business. Last year, you were ramping new products, so it was kind of lumpy. You were down in Q2, then strong in Q3 and Q4. Are the number of products coming out now pretty stable that it's going to be more seasonal, or it's going to be lumpy?
Scott McGregor: I think there's a distinct seasonality to the cell phone business as people tend to buy a lot more products around the holiday season in the latter part of the year. So I would expect, as is normal, to see Q1 and Q2 a little more subdued versus fairly stronger, relatively stronger Q3s and Q4s. I would expect that seasonality pattern to show itself in this year as well. So it's a combination for us of continuing to ramp with that seasonality overlay. And so that's probably how to model that business for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Caso from Susquehanna Financial.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Just to clarify on some of the earlier questions, can you clarify what's the extent of product shortages now and lead times? And I guess is there still an incentive for customers to place over orders in some areas of your business at this point? Or is that pretty much done?
Scott McGregor: I think lead times are getting to be relatively normal. They're probably slightly elevated versus normal but not excessively so. So definitely in the range of normal. Throughout all of last year, Broadcom was able to deliver product to customers ordered at lead time. And so there wasn't a lot of incentive to order more products than you needed except for a very few areas. The one exception we saw was where customers themselves would see a surge in demand on very short notice, and so they would see customer demand over a couple-of-week period. And as you know, when we're looking at 10-plus-week lead times, if they want it in three weeks, it's sort of the old if you have nine women, you can't have a baby in one month. It's a little bit of that problem. And so the tightness we saw in 2010 was more around surging demand. We still do see that from customers. They're selling various products, and they'll get upside in products, and they'll ask us for a lot more than we could possibly deliver. But generally, anyone who orders at lead time, we can provide products for them in those lead times and reliably deliver that.
Operator: The next question comes from Sandeep Shyamsukha from Auriga USA.
Sandeep Shyamsukha : I had a quick question on OpEx, and then I have a follow-up. For regarding OpEx, you talked about $5 million to $10 million less in the following quarters for 2010, if I got it correctly. I mean, can you remind us what your normal rate increase of R&D or OpEx would be, would you expect, and what that $5 million to $10 million would imply?
Eric Brandt: Sure. So we were running $20 million to $25 million through most of 2010. And so $5 million to $10 million less than that $20 million to $25 million, I think, is a reasonable sequential growth rate for OpEx as we look at 2011.
Operator: The next question comes from Ruben Roy from Pacific Crest Securities.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Scott, on the Infrastructure & Networking segment, do you expect the switch products to drive growth this year? Or are you expecting kind of more of a diversified growth profile with things like PON, et cetera? And then in terms of your comments on NFC, as you look out into, I guess, 2012 is when you're targeting some revenues flowing in, initially, are you expecting that to be from discrete NFC devices? Or are you expecting to be able to provide integrated combo functionality in an NFC-type platform?
Scott McGregor: With regard to switches, we do expect to see some growth from switches this year, although it'll be moderate and not the kinds of levels of growth we would see from some of our wireless technologies this year, but it should be good, solid, steady growth in that space. In terms of NFC, the market right now is selling NFC as discrete products, and we certainly have the capability to do discrete products. I believe over the next few years, the market will transition to integrated products, and for us, it makes a lot of sense to see NFC integrated as part of a larger product and makes less sense as a stand-alone product going forward. And so as we announce products and make it more visible what we're doing in that space, I think you'll see us follow that market trend of moving towards integrated products over the next couple of years. But it will be a discrete market initially.
Operator: The next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: The share count, Eric, how should I think about that as we go forward beyond the first quarter, considering the ASR? And what should we think stock-based comps should do in the full year?
Eric Brandt: So I think a couple of things. First of all, on the share count, I think it will begin, most likely, to flatten out. It'll drift up a little bit over the course of the year depending on option exercises, but for the most part, I think it'll begin to flatten out from what it's grown at, in the 5% to 10% range, once we get past that. The second question you had on stock-based comp, I think it'll step up in Q1, and then it'll proceed to step down through the rest of the year, probably down -- hang on one second. I have that -- but down some amount. You said $5 million to $10 million a quarter? About $5 million to $10 million a quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Sanford and Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research: Just the first one, on gross margin, I just want to clarify. So flat quarter-over-quarter, excluding the acquisition of warranty charges. So including them, you're guiding product gross margins down below 49%. I just want to see if, number one, is that true. And then how long is the amortization of the step-up cost going to be a headwind? Over what time period do they roll off? And then a question on your internal inventories. Those look like they were up about 12% in the quarter. Your turns came down just a hair. They're still well below the kind of 7% to 8% range. Can you give us some color on what drove the additional inventory build and what your outlook is, I guess, for inventories, your own internal inventories in the next quarter and maybe for the rest of the year?
Eric Brandt: Sure. So as it relates to the inventory side of the house, they were up about $60 million quarter-on-quarter. They're actually up about 65% year-on-year on revenue growth of about 55% on a product basis. And the delta there is principally driven by increased VMI-related inventory, which hits us about a half a turn. Pretty much from this point going forward, it's been going from about 10 or 20 basis points going up to closer to 50. And with a bit of the longer lead times that we saw -- that'd probably hit us somewhere between a quarter and a half a turn. I would guess that as we sort of roll into 2011 that we'll, and things stabilize on the lead times, that we'll see inventory turns begin to stabilize and maybe drift back up towards the 7% range. So 6.5% is probably a little low for where we'd like to be. I think 7% is closer. 8% is probably harder now with the increase in BMI inventory that we've got. With respect to gross margin, your math is correct. It would be right around 49% or just below 49%. The step-up charges, pretty much the inventory that we acquired, should wash its way out in Q1, maybe a little bit in Q2. There will be continued amortization charges, but part of it is also what's going on with respect to absorption. And as we step down in revenue from quarter-on-quarter, we get hit probably close to 30 basis points on absorption. As the revenue continues to grow to the more seasonal side of Q2 and Q3, we'll pick up absorption benefits as well. And obviously, the higher revenue, the lower the impact from the amortization as it goes through.
Operator: The next question comes from Arnab Chanda from Roth Capital.
Arnab Chanda - Roth Capital Partners, LLC: Two questions, one for Scott. So historically, you've been kind of seeing a longer design cycle for some of these baseband products, and you've obviously successfully entered the market late in 2G or 3G. Seems like with the application design cycles are speeding up. You've got guys in the PC industry that are doing, basically, six months of a new part a year. Obviously, coming with success of entering the late in the market many times in the past, but does that mean you have to kind of exploit R&D in that area kind of the longer term? And then I just have a follow-up about gross margins. Obviously, while it's becoming a bigger and bigger part of the business -- that's obviously great, given that's the fastest-growing part of the market. Does that mean that over time as wireless becomes bigger and bigger, gross margin start to drift down? Because clearly, the other businesses just don't have quite the growth profile.
Scott McGregor: The first question on tablet design cycles, I'd say they're roughly the same as what we see in cell phone designs. There are companies that take a long time with cell phones and do a lot of differentiation and added value, and there are companies that rush them to market and have relatively little differentiation. I think there's a flurry of tablets being rushed to market right now with little differentiation. And so certainly, for those, it'll move fairly quickly. I think we will see a broad opportunity to participate in wireless connectivity, as I mentioned before, and increasingly in complete tablet solutions as we roll out the products we announced at CES and additional products going forward there. In terms of some of the people who do add more value in tablets and more differentiation, we continue to work with them on a variety of fronts and see opportunities there. So I wouldn't characterize it, really, as a different environment or one that requires radically different R&D than what we're doing anyway in some of the cell phone space and smartphone space. It's interesting that most of the successful tablets are really smartphone architectures put into a larger form factor with a larger screen and battery.
Eric Brandt: And with respect to your gross margin question, I think it's probably useful to step back from all the stuff that goes on and the other cost of sales and look at the standard margin of the company. When you look at the standard margin of the company, and Q4 being a very, very strong growth year for growth quarter well sequentially from Q3 on the Mobile & Wireless side, the standard margin between Q3 and Q4 is, ostensibly, flat. So even as the mix is shifting to the Mobile side of the business, we've been pretty good at holding our standard margins relatively constant. And part of that is driven by the continued introduction of a number of the new products that are cost-optimized, both in 65 and now, as we look in 2011, more in 40, which will repair, in some cases, where we have certain 65 nanometer products that are below margins. So while the Mobile & Wireless business can be below the corporate average and it does present a bit of a challenge, I think to the extent that we can improve the margin in that business and improve the margin in some of the other businesses with the new and more integrated products we're launching, you will see the ability, we believe, to try to head off some of that mix effect that you're talking about.
Operator: The next question comes from Daniel Amir from Lazard Capital Markets.
Daniel Amir - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: In your prepared commentary, you talked about the spending pause a bit in China on the networking infrastructure side. Can you give a bit of commentary, when do you think that starts to pick up again? And also on the Broadband side, can you give us some commentary on the DTV side? Sounds like you're gaining momentum there again with the 40 nanometer chip. And kind of what you see there this year.
Scott McGregor: In China's spending, it's hard to give you much more color than we did, but we do work very closely with some of the largest infrastructure providers in China. Some of the largest networking companies there work closely with us, and if you open up their boxes, they're largely made of Broadcom chips. So we do have some insight into that market, but hard to give you much more color on that. In terms of digital television, we do have a lot more competitive chips out right now. Our 40 nanometer chips are seeing quite good traction in the market. I believe we're getting very strong design win traction and have gotten that over the last year. And as those products deploy, I do believe that's going to be one of the higher-percentage growth driver businesses for us over the course of this year.
Operator: The next question comes from Romit Shah from Nomura Securities.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: When the Qualcomm-Atheros merger was announced, it seemed like the knee-jerk reaction from the market was that this is a negative for Broadcom. Scott, could you share your thoughts on how you perceive this merger and how it may impact you competitively in some of the areas like connectivity, cellular, networking?
Scott McGregor: I guess I see it largely as not a big factor for us. I mean, Atheros was a competitor for us in wireless LAN, and as part of Qualcomm, we expect they will continue to be a competitor for us. We believe that our ability to create combo chips is better than them in the past and better than them in their new home. We would observe that in their new home, they still don't have good Bluetooth. They still don't have a good NFC solution. They still don't have good FM radio. And while we wouldn't put it past our larger competitor to buy CSR and SLAB and all the rest of those guys, it's a big difference between, first of all, not having those components, which is the current state, to having them and figuring out how to integrate them into a high-quality solution. And one of the things we found with combo chips is that the combo chip is only as good as the weakest link in the combo chip. So you can have the best wireless LAN in the world, but if your Bluetooth isn't top-notch, if your FM radio isn't top-notch, they won't use the chip. And so I think that's what's really interesting about Broadcom is that we are best-in-class in GPS, best-in-class in Bluetooth, best-in-class in wireless LAN, FM radio, NFC, across the board. And that's an unusual combination, and I think our competitors are going to have a hard time putting the same thing together.
Operator: Today's final question comes from Shawn Webster from Macquarie.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: Just two questions. One is I wonder if you can share with us the size of your wireless LAN business as it exists today. You used to talk about it in terms of the combined, I guess, wireless chip businesses. And then my second one is, Eric, in terms of the ongoing amortization charges, it was $14 million, roughly, in Q4. What should be model going forward?
Scott McGregor: In terms of the wireless LAN business size, we don't break out that number, I apologize. But I'll let Eric speak to your amortization questions.
Eric Brandt: Yes. It will step up. Shawn, maybe what we can do is follow up on that. I don't have that number on my hands right here, but it will step up as we go into Q2, because that Q4 is only a partial quarter of amortization. So my guess is in the vicinity -- I don't want to guess. We'll follow up with you when we give you a call, but it'll step up probably some amount in Q1 and beyond for those transactions as we get the purchase accounting complete for those transactions.
Scott McGregor: So that brings us to the conclusion of our call. In closing, I'd like to leave you with a few thoughts. Broadcom had an exceptional year in 2010. We've grown more than twice as fast as the industry, with significant market share gains in almost all of our businesses, and we're looking forward to additional share expansion and model profitability in 2011. And finally, as a reminder, we'll be hosting an analyst open house at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on Valentine's Day, February 14, for all of us who will be enjoying that away from home, at 4 p.m. local time. If you need additional details on this event, please give Chris or John a call. And with that, thank you very much, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in Broadcom's Fourth Quarter and Year 2010 Earnings Conference Call. This concludes the conference for today. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 16:45:00) =====
Executives: Eric Brandt - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Scott McGregor - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Chris Zegarelli -
Analysts: Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank Mark McKechnie - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc Daniel Amir - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Your speakers for today are Scott McGregor, Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer; Eric Brandt, Broadcom's Chief Financial Officer; and Chris Zegarelli, Director, Investor Relations. I would now turn the conference call over to Mr. Zegarelli. Please go ahead.
Chris Zegarelli: Thanks, Christine. During this call, we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue, gross margin and operating expense targets for the fourth quarter of 2010, and any other future periods, as well as statements about the prospects for our various businesses, potential market share and the development status and planned availability of new products. You should note that the guidance we provide today is based upon forecasts that require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions using the information that is available to us at this time. It should be clearly understood that our actual performance and financial results may differ substantially from our forecasts and the other forward-looking statements we make today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results, including, among other things, general economic conditions are discussed in the Risk Factor sections of our 2009 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of today's earnings press release. As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement except as required by law. Please refer to the Investor section of our website at www.broadcom.comparable for additional historical, financial and statistical information, including the information required by SEC Regulation G. In addition, we have placed a slide deck, which is available now in the Investor Relations section of our website, that is on the right-hand side of the page under Q3 2010 Earnings Information. For increased transparency, we have incorporated additional tables and information regarding our future guidance, historical performance and segment operating income. With that, let me turn the call over to Scott.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon. Thanks for joining us today. Broadcom executed particularly well in the September quarter, with cutting-edge products and strong financial discipline resulting in revenue and earnings above the high end of our expectations. Broadcom's quarterly total revenue of $1.8 billion reached record levels, as well as new highs in each of our business segments. On a product revenue basis, this is up 13% sequentially and over 46% from the solid sales growth quarter one year ago. Sequential revenue growth in the quarter was led by strength in our Mobile and Wireless and Broadband businesses, which were up 27% and 6%, respectively. The above seasonal revenue growth was driven by new product ramps as more consumer electronic devices are connecting to the Internet and connecting with each other. We're particularly pleased to reach our GAAP product target operating model as both our Q3 and nine-month results delivered dramatic expansions in operating margin. As a result of our surge in profitability, we had exceptional cash flow from operations that surpassed 25% of revenue. This achievement resulted in Broadcom's cash and marketable securities position, increasing approximately $425 million to $2.9 billion. Broadcom is focused on the most innovative technologies related to connectivity, bandwidth and content. Our products are in the strongest growth market of the semiconductor industry in wired and wireless communications. We're clearly benefiting from product leadership and the consumer's increasing demand for data in the home, on the go and at work. Broadcom's focus remains to create outstanding communications and connectivity products to enable us to grow our market share, while maintaining strong profitability. I'll now turn the call over to Eric for details on the third quarter financial results and our fourth quarter guidance.
Eric Brandt: Thanks, Scott. Moving to the financial overview. Total revenue was a $1.8 billion including $1.75 billion in product revenue. Q3 total net revenue was up 44% from prior year and 13% from Q2 levels. Total gross margin for Q3 was 51.7%. Product gross margin in Q3 was 50.1% versus 50.8% in Q2, down 70 basis points sequentially. Q3 GAAP R&D plus SG&A expense was $593 million compared to $565 million in Q2 of 2010. GAAP earnings per share for Q3 were $0.60 compared to first call consensus of $0.55. Q3 GAAP product operating margin was 15.8%. Cash flow from operations for Q3 was a record $456 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance was up to approximately $2.9 billion at the end of the quarter. Moving to revenue and gross margin. During July conference call, we said we expected Q3 total net revenue to be between $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion. Total revenue exceeded the high end of our range at $1.806 billion, up 13% from Q2. In the Mobile and Wireless segment, solutions for the hand, we experienced significant revenue increase of approximately 27% compared to Q2, driven primarily by strength in wireless combo chips, GPS and the ramp of our cellular solutions. Our Broadband Communications segment solutions for the home was up almost 6% sequentially from Q2. This resulted from an increase in demand for digital set-top boxes and broadband access equipment. Our Infrastructure and Networking segment solutions for infrastructure grew slightly at 1% above Q2 as anticipated. Our Q3 GAAP product gross margin decreased 70 basis points to 50.1%, down from 50.8% in Q2. This decrease was primarily due to excess and obsolete reserves taken in the quarter. Moving to operating expenses. R&D and SG&A expenses for Q3 were up $29 billion from Q2 levels versus our guidance of up $25 million to $35 million. The increase was primarily related to an approximately $20 million increase in development, design and math cost, as well as increases in employee costs. Stock-based compensation was 6.3% of net revenue, down around 100 basis points from Q2 and 400 basis points from Q3 a year ago. Moving to the balance sheet. As I mentioned earlier, total cash and marketable securities were $2.9 billion, which is a record high. Our inventory turns improved to 6.5x, up from 6.2x in Q2 of 2010. Despite this improvement, our turns remain below our long-term target due to timing fluctuations and the new product ramp of select cellular base band and mobile multimedia products. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding was up slightly to 40 days in Q3. Moving to expectations. We currently expect net revenue in Q4 to be flat to up $100 million or approximately $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion. We anticipate our Broadband segment to have modest sequential growth and the Mobile and Wireless segment to be up over last quarter, and the Infrastructure Networking segment to be roughly flat. We expect Q4 product gross margin to remain roughly flat to Q3. With respect to R&D and SG&A expenses in Q4, we expect these expenses to increase by $20 million to $30 million, of which about half relates to increases in legal spending as the options related derivative case prepares for trial in Q1. It is our hope that once this trial concludes, we will be able to sunset our spending on this issue. Please note, Q4 guidance does not include the impact of our acquisitions of Beceem and Percello, which are expected to close either in Q4 of 2010 or Q1 of 2011. Finally, we are very pleased to report 15.8% GAAP product operating margin for Q3, within our goal of 15% to 17% product operating margin, about one year ahead of the plan we discussed on Analyst Day last year. This was achieved with stock-based compensation still running about 100 basis points above our long-term target. In addition, consistent with the guidance we've provided today, we believe we will be within the GAAP product operating margin goal for Q4 as well. And now, I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor: Thanks, Eric. Starting with our Home platform, Broadcom's broadband communications revenue grew 6% sequentially in the third quarter to a new high, with record sales from core set-top boxes and broadband modems. Our diversification strategy in the set-top business is gaining traction through increased adoption of high-definition broadcast content, our increasing sales at overseas carriers and technological advances in home networking such as MoCA and wireless LAN. We are benefiting from cable operators in China, who were adding voice and data services to their existing video platforms, along with a nationwide push to increase HD broadcasting, resulting in a significant increase in orders for HD set-top boxes and cable modem chip sets. Broadcom's advanced set-top box technology is a clear differentiator providing best-in-class integration, performance and energy efficiency, enabling us to offer our customers advance functionality, while also reducing the energy requirements in the home. Our Broadband Carrier Axis business continue to show strong year-over-year growth with record revenue in Q3. Revenue was driven by increased VDSL Central Office and CPE shipments for IPTV deployments worldwide, along with ADSL and GPON sales. We have an increased presence at service providers who were continuing their bandwidth recapture and analog shut-off programs to allow for increased HD and DOCSIS 3.0 deployments. During the quarter, Broadcom announced its FastRTV technology that dramatically improves the consumer video experience. As consumers transition from analog to digital broadcast globally, FastRTV technology is a significant benefit in addition to the improved picture quality and increased capacity for advanced services that an all digital platform offers our carrier customers and its subscribers. In our Consumer Electronics business, Blu-ray experienced strong quarter-on-quarter growth in support of the upcoming holiday shipments, while an industry-wide slowdown in the LCD TV sales resulted in a weaker-than-expected revenue of our DTV SoC solutions. We continue to invest in the DTV business and have sampled our first 40-nanometer DTV part to multiple customers with production shipments expected by year end. Today, we announced the acquisition of Percello, which expands our broadband portfolio to include Femtocell. Percello's high-performance and energy efficient Femtocell technology when combined with our portfolio of broadband and connectivity solutions will enable Broadcom to offer a robust suite of technology through the conversions of wired and wireless services in the connected home. We expect revenue growth to continue in the December quarter, driven by new product cycles and increases in the adoption of high-definition pay TV services and content across the globe. Moving to Infrastructure. Broadcom's Infrastructure and Networking business in the third quarter was up more than 35% year-over-year and up slightly sequentially to a new high with record sales of switches. We continue to see strength in our switching portfolio from new product adoption and service provider broadband network upgrades and rollouts. We expect that surging demand for video and data will outstrip expansion in capacity, resulting in a multiyear revenue growth opportunity for our largest businesses of switches and 5s. With the incredible growth of content that challenges data centers, networking infrastructures moving to 10-gigabit Ethernet solutions. We expect a strong adoption of our high-throughput, energy-efficient, low-latency 10-gigabit products by data centers and enterprise customers will be a secular revenue growth driver for Broadcom. We're pleased to announce our initial 40-nanometer product shipments with our 64-port, 10-gig Trident chip, and we expect additional 40-nanometer products to begin shipment in this quarter. We're seeing strong customer acceptance of our broad portfolio of silicon solutions supporting the newly ratified IEEE energy efficient Ethernet standard. Energy efficiency is a crucial importance to our customer and to the networking industry as a whole. Not only has Broadcom is deeply involved in the development and ratification of the IEEE standard, we also worked diligently to create products that exceed what is defined in the standard. As Eric mentioned, we're expecting network sales to be roughly flat in the fourth quarter. Moving to our hand platform within our Mobile and Wireless business, Broadcom experienced 27% sequential revenue growth, with dramatic expansion in sales across our wireless connectivity and cellular-based band solutions. Based our customers order plans and solid traction and new product ramps, we expect growth in the fourth quarter from our Wireless Connectivity business and a substantial increase in sales from our cellular solutions. Within the cellular baseband market we're pleased that the revenue growth in shipments on multiple platforms at our current Tier 1 customers. Revenue growth in Q3 was driven largely by increased shipment of our cellular baseband solutions, multimedia co-processors and power management chipsets. To extend Broadcom's wireless multimode solutions, we expanded our position in 4G with a proven leader in LTE and WiMax solutions through the announced acquisition of Beceem Communications. Beceem will accelerate the time-to-market for our 4G multimode solution or expanding Broadcom's addressable market in handsets, broadband wireless gateways, mobile computing and consumer electronics devices. Our wireless connectivity platforms did particularly well in Q3, with double-digit sequential growth in most of our lines of business. Broadcom's performance from the wireless LAN and GPS businesses was exceptional, with wireless LAN revenue growth above 20% and GPS sales of more than doubling sequentially. We had strong and broad-based sales growth in our Wireless LAN market segments, expect revenue expansion to outpace Broadcom's corporate growth again in Q4. Our GPS traction is broad-based across the leading handset OEMs, along with sustainable growth in PNDs. Our Bluetooth technology continues to find its way into more and more innovative consumer electronics devices to address the increasingly sophisticated demand for these popular products. With our Bluetooth products available in leading video game consoles, digital televisions and remote controls, Broadcom continues to push Bluetooth beyond its better-known applications and into the consumer electronics experience. We believe the market opportunity for our wireless connectivity devices will continue to grow as we benefit from increasing attach rates in devices like smartphones, tablets, printers, Blu-ray players and digital TVs. In summary, Broadcom is in the fast-growing wired and wireless communications markets, with cutting-edge solutions enabling more content and bandwidth. We have strong momentum building with acquisitions in 4G multimode modems, Near Field Communications, switching, broadband access and home gateways, and we began shipments of our new competitive 40-nanometer parts. Broadcom excels at silicon integration and our focus remains creating outstanding communications and productivity products that enabled us to grow our market share. This concludes our prepared comments. And now, we're ready for your questions. Christine, may we have the first question please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Scott, in your Broadband segment, you mentioned China has been a pretty strong driver for the business. Maybe you can just comment on demand trends in the U.S. and Europe in the third quarter and here in the fourth quarter as the cable MSOs go through DOCSIS 3.0 upgrades. We've got HD penetration consuming at the satellite and cable MSOs, maybe just some comments there.
Scott McGregor: Harlan, I think that's a good point you raise. We're certainly seeing a rollout of DOCSIS 3.0 and we believe that, that's going to continue over the next couple of years. People are just really trying to compete across the different carriers, the satellite guys competing with the cable guys and so forth. He's trying to get their bandwidth much higher, and so the DOCSIS rollout is particularly important for the cable guys. We're also seeing a substantial growth in the HD satellite capacity in terms of driving a lot of new channels and a lot of new capabilities there as well. And then I think you're going to see IPTV continue to be a growing force in that market going forward, and we participate in all of those segments.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then within your networking business, I mean it's been flattish here for the last couple of quarters. Do you think a part of it is just maybe some inventory workdowns by your customers that may have added a little bit of inventories, a little bit more than what they had anticipated in the first half of the year? And then the second part of that question is you talked about 64-port gigabyte Ethernet, your 10-gig Trident part, I've heard it's gotten really good traction out there. Is this setting us up for the networking business to be a pretty healthy growth driver for revenues in 2011?
Scott McGregor: Well, let me answer your question sort of in a reverse order. We don't guide yet for 2011. But I do believe that switching is going to be a good growth driver overall for our business over the next two years, and for the trend I mentioned, which is the 10 gig. The Trident chip is an exceptional chip. It's the most complex, the most integrated switch chip that's out there since 40-nanometer, 64 ports, it's a great chip. We've seen very broad customer adoption of that chip and I think it's going to be a winner for us. Regarding your question on inventory, it's possible people build up some inventory at the earlier part of this year and have bled it off. I don't believe there's a lot of inventory out there in the channel. You can always have pockets of it and so forth. But I think overall, we're seeing a pretty clean channel on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Lipacis from Morgan Stanley.
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley: First question for Eric. The gross margins, in the deck you mentioned that E&O charged for higher. Is there -- are you guys reserving that up a higher percentage for your MSO, why?
Eric Brandt: Yes, Mark. Actually, our E&O calculation is 90% mechanical. So as we have built inventories across the year and demand shifts across individual parts, you would naturally see that over a period of time. And so, mechanically, what we saw is that as things shifted around on parts and wafers that we had ordered a quarter ago, we take reserves because the demand is different in chips for other parts. Do I think that it ultimately will be spoiled inventory? The answer to that is probably not, but it's a mechanical accounting based calculation.
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley: And could you guys comment on lead times that you've seen on wafers to you and from your suppliers and then lead times to your customers?
Scott McGregor: I think the supply for wafers remains relatively tight, it's probably soften up a little bit in the last quarter or two. 65-nanometer in particular remains tight though, above the other process nodes. So we're still seeing a fair amount of congestion there. We are able to deliver parts to customers who order them from us within lead times, so we're able to get those products to customers. The only challenge we have is that they have upside in shorter than lead time where we have to scramble and expedite, and that's more challenging for us. In terms of our own customers, I think our own customers are probably placing with slightly shorter lead times now than they were maybe a month or two ago. I think as the capacity crunches, ease a little bit in the industry, it's led to moving more towards normal. But I would still say lead times on average are above what I would consider normal in the industry right now.
Operator: The next question comes from James Schneider from Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I wondered if you could comment a little bit on the Baseband business maybe in terms of the quarter, and maybe the composition in dollar terms between 2G and 3G and whether do you expect that to change going into Q4?
Scott McGregor: We lost the first half of your question, could you repeat that please?
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Sorry, I was wondering about the magnitude of the Baseband business in Q3 and how much was the split between 2G versus 3G roughly?
Scott McGregor: We don't quote specific numbers on that but to give you a little sense of that, we had a newer customer in our Baseband business, have a significant ramp in 2G. And so, that pushed the mix a little bit more towards 2G. And I would expect over the course of the next few quarters, the ramp in that customer to emphasize 2G a bit. But over the course of next year, I'd expect it to start moving more towards 3G and certainly, 2012 is going to be a much stronger emphasis on 3G. So that's probably how they'll mix over the next, say, six or eight quarters.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: One and then maybe as a follow-up. Eric, back on the gross margin question. If we strip out the E&O reserves, how would gross margins have looked on kind of a mix adjusted basis? Are there any movements around on the mix adjusted basis, and then how long do we expect the kind of the E&O reserves to persist to this level?
Eric Brandt: As I mentioned, it's a bit of a mechanical calculation, so it's hard to predict. E&O hit gross margin this quarter about 100 basis points. Normally, Q3, we've actually just run some statistical analysis. Normally, Q3 has our high consumer quarters. You've heard us qualitatively comment that seasonally, we tend to be a little bit weaker in Q3 and Q4. And based on the data we were just looking at for the last couple of days, we're about 40 to 50 basis points usually lighter in gross margin in Q3 and Q4 given the mix. In terms of E&O moving forward again, depending on the relative demand levels and the shift in the mix relative to the wafers we purchased three months ago, you would -- that would drive the E&O calculation to the extent that we hit the demand numbers we project and the mix doesn't shift substantially, E&O should flatten out again.
Operator: The next question comes from Glenn Yeung from Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: Eric, maybe for you to start with, you had record levels of cash, but I think I see in your press release saying you're going to raise some debt, and I wondered if you just have any details as to the strategy behind that.
Eric Brandt: So, Glenn, as you read in the press release, it's is under rule 144A, so it's a private placement and I cannot comment anything beyond what is in that press release. However, what I would say generally as it relates to the company, in terms of the company's capital strategy. As you seen and you'll see actually a paragraph or sentence to this effect in our 10-Q, which says basically, to the extent that rates in the market are very low. We might opportunistically like many other companies, take advantage of cost of capital arbitrage and bring in some additional cash into the U.S., which has a fair amount of flexibility. I think as a company, it doesn't alter, it doesn't signal change in our company strategy.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: And then, the follow-up is back on the Baseband business. We've now seen Intel acquire Infineon's business, and it seems to be creating some opportunities for sort of market share shift. And I wonder in looking at that acquisition, how Broadcom sees the opportunity evolving for them?
Scott McGregor: I don't think that acquisition changes our opportunities at all. We're really focused on creating SoC to integrate baseband and application processors. In fact, every baseband we ship includes an application processors in the SoC. So we see an integrated SoC solution for cellular phones. And actually, we think of the more as the device you carry in your hand rather than a phone per se, and we're moving in that direction. So we don't see that affecting our opportunities and in fact, even could help us a little bit with some disruption in the customer base.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Berger from FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I was also wanting to ask a little bit about competitive positioning as you head into 2011. A, on the baseband; and b, on the combo chips. But first on the baseband, are there any metrics you can throw out,design wins or new customers, any quantifiable metrics that can help us understand your design win strength as we head into 2011? And then on kind of the same question, is there anybody that's going to eh able to challenge you guys in mobile and combo chips in 2011?
Scott McGregor: Your comments on specific competitors or customers in the baseband area. But we just observed that we have a slightly different strategy than many, which is to integrate the broad breadth of Broadcom's Communication portfolio into SOCs that we offer into handsets, which really start to expand both our baseband and combo strategies. And we don't particularly think of it as a baseband market, we think of it as the cellular SoC market for those portable devices, which allows us to access the tablet market and various other kinds of portable devices I think you'll see coming out. In terms of new customers, we don't announce those before they do come out. But I can say, I do feel good about our Cellular business as being a significant growth driver for next year. In fact, on a percentage basis, probably the highest, on a magnitude basis is pretty high as well. So we're feeling good about that business going forward. In the combo chips space, I think what competitors have learned the hard way is that it's one thing to create a physical device that has all of the elements of a combo chip in it. It's a completely another thing to have them all be of first-rate quality and to get them all to work at the same time. We've had a number of customers who have a number of competitors who brag about how many different elements they've incorporated into a combo chip and yet when the customer gets it, they find that it's great but you can only use one of them at a time. And the integration of those and especially the coexistence of all those components is particularly difficult and that something, I think, we excel at and the reason we've gotten very, very strong support across a wide range of industry, it's for our combo chips and why that business has done so well.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Adam Benjamin from Jefferies & Company.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Eric, you historically talked about your growth or Broadcom's growth being 30% higher than the semiconductor market. If you look at each one of your segments, do you think that's the case going forward in the next couple of years? And the reason why I ask is, there's been some concern regarding the broadband market, as well as your enterprise segment as well, whether those markets or segments can grow as fast as mobile wireless or could be a drag on the growth going forward?
Eric Brandt: So, Adam, actually what we do is we do a weighted average that we actually compare broadband against the broadband segment multiplied by its mix of business. ING against this segment multiplied by its mix of business, et cetera. So that we don't get distortions around the fact that one business might be growing and other business are not growing. And the objective of outgrowing the market are central to every one of the businesses that Broadcom participates in. And the key question we discussed in our strategic offsite and our budget planning meetings and also becomes the basis by which not just the corporate bonus the board has allocated but how Scott allocates the individual bonuses to each of the business units. So we measure our growth rate against the segments we're in. Now, having said that, I think if you look at the market over the last 10 years or so, communications, semiconductors have outgrown the broader semiconductor market probably eight of the last 10 years and for many of the reasons that Scott has been talking about. And being as firmly supplanted in that part of the market, we expect to both ride that wave and gain market share in the individual businesses, such that we do outgrow our markets by a target of, actually our target is 40% faster than our target markets.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then just a follow-up, I know there's been a lot of questions on combos. But Scott, if you look at that segment and I know there's a lot of end markets that were talking about combos going into over time. But where you see that business today versus where you expect it to be going forward? We're in World Series mode here so, are we second, third inning, are we beyond that? If you can somehow quantify, it'd be interesting to hear your perspective.
Scott McGregor: I think we're getting into different innings depending on what component you're looking at. I think Bluetooth is pretty far into the game at this point, and so I would expect that the attach rate would not rise dramatically for Bluetooth. I think we'll see Bluetooth penetrating the consumer electronic devices and move into other spaces. And I think with some of the Bluetooth low energy and some of the newer technologies coming in the Bluetooth space, I think there's an opportunity to continue to grow. Wireless LAN is, boy, I'm trying to pick of the right World Series analogy here but base is loaded and we've got our batters up on that one. I think that's a really strong play. And the thing that's driving that in particular is the increasing attach rate into the portable devices. I think a lot of the carriers have found that they've got congestion in their networks and so they're now, instead of being against wireless LAN because it took airtime minutes, they are now praying that people with their tablets and smartphones will do their Internet browsing and movie watching over the wireless LAN and not over their 3G network. So that's a big driver of that and I think wireless LAN penetration is going to move down into the feature phone space and that represents potential hundreds of millions of additional devices per year and Broadcom stands to get a good share of that. There's a lot of new technologies coming out. GPS, we've certainly seen very strong growth in that. I think as that hits higher attach rate, that's more early innings for us and then there's some technologies like NFC, we just acquired a technology, that technology a company called Innovision in the U.K. Great team, great technology and that sort of just at the top of the first for NFC, so there's a good potential there. And part of our strategy at Broadcom is to continuously look for not only new components to add to the different combo chips but to look at opportunities to rev the technology within each one of them. Wireless LAN in particular is going through a lot of very interesting phases right now. We have everything from one by one end technology to some of the new technologies, AC, which gives you channel bonding and dramatically increases the bandwidth and a variety of other things that will be coming out in that space. So it's a very fertile area. I'd say overall for combos as a set, it's a tremendous opportunity. We're in early stage of the innings. But hopefully, that was helpful, to give a little color on where each of the components are.
Operator: The next question is from Craig Ellis from Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: You mentioned a couple of times, the $2.9 billion in cash in the balance sheet, the dividend was initiated about a year ago. Eric, with cash being churn off at a tremendous pace, can you just give us an update on how you're looking at managing against the different options that you have for cash, acquisitions, buybacks and the dividend?
Eric Brandt: Craig, as you can see this year, we have been pretty active on the M&A front and pretty much right in our sweet spot with the acquisition of Teknovus at the beginning of the year followed by Innovision, followed by our announcement of Beceem and Percello. We continue to look for opportunities to enhance our technology portfolio in ways where we can integrate technologies into broader SoCs and essentially, compete or weigh pockets and devices, which has been our strategy and I would say, that remains our first priority for our cash. I think secondarily, if our cash continues to build much beyond what it is, we would entertain other forms of returning cash. Certainly, with -- considering taking debt, we will maintain a very conservative financial policy. But I would say, we are now a dividend payer. We're considering raising our dividend although that's a small amount of cash and we would also consider buybacks but we do buybacks as you know, consistent with what we issue over the course of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: First, congratulations on hitting the up margin targets, but you dropped there really on the back of mobile and wireless. If you look at enterprise and broadband, up margins are below recent peaks. And I'm just kind of curious, the prospects of those two divisions going forward, and are you done on the Wireless side?
Eric Brandt: Funny question, John, because having followed us for a while, what a difference a year or two makes, right? Because a year ago, everybody was saying, will you ever make money in Mobile and Wireless. And today, if you read the Q, you'll see that our Mobile and Wireless segment had operating margins in excess of 20%. From an ING perspective, I think that's, that we're in the range maybe even a little bit high. In the Broadband segment at around 21%, that's probably in the range as well. And for those of you, who used the non-GAAP numbers, that's about 23 and change percent operating margin for the company, which is above our long-term target. So I don't think that we intend to squeeze our margins further. I think given the increasing R&D intensity, the importance of IP and SoCs would be to drive our competitive advantage in the products we produce and press our advantage by increasing our footprint in this space.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Luke from Barclays Capital.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: This is for Eric or for Scott. Broadly, as the industry moves now to have supply and demand more in equilibrium and your lead time somewhat more normalized. How do you perceive the broad elements of seasonality as you look into the beginning of next year? Obviously, you have a big consumer ramp for some of the products as you go into the end of this year. So just trying to feel for how you're beginning to plan for expectations for the beginning of next year. And also separately, Eric, for you, how you feel people should be using a framework for your OpEx investments through next year?
Eric Brandt: So, Tim, on seasonality, we look at a mix of adjusted seasonality just for our business generally speaking. Q4 is usually about flat maybe up a point, you'll see we guided to flat up five and change, so better than seasonal in Q4. Q1 is typically seasonally down as the consumer market sort of recover from the holiday season, typically 4.5% to 5.5%. And then Q2 and Q3 tend to be our strong sequential growth quarters of up 7% to 9%. It's hard to call seasonality for next year, but that's typically what we see on a mix-adjusted basis. In terms of OpEx, I think you'll see that we've been driving significant leverage as Scott mentioned through the P&L, over 1,000 basis points year-on-year on a GAAP basis. And I think what you'll see now is us move to a more, probably, more in line OpEx and revenue growth profile as we try to manage our business within the targeted operating model. Obviously challenging in a cyclical business, but that's something we're going to focus on trying to do.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just another question on the mobility segment. Your revenues went up $170 million in September quarter. It's becoming a pretty big segment. So, if you can give us a color on how much of that dollar increase came from baseband versus connectivity? And also going forward in December quarter, where are you seeing the growth, which one is higher and lower? And if we can get some quantification around that, that will be helpful.
Scott McGregor: We don't break those out specifically. I apologize. We do comment a bit though. We did say that, for example, GPS doubled sequentially and we said, the wireless LAN was north of 20%. So those are two numbers that, we also highlighted, cellular as one of the significant growth areas as well. So I hope that helps you get a good sense of that. I think as a comment I made earlier is that cellular should be a dramatic growth driver for us over the next four or five quarters. I think that business is getting good traction now with the two customers we've announced already, and we hope at some point to add additional customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS, New York.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Scott, you talked a lot about the importance of IP and as you discuss your business areas, one of the things I wanted to talk about is 4G, WiMax and LTE. By your acquisition of Beceem, can you characterize what it brings for you because they'll be charting the industry also about other companies that may have significantly more, a superior IT position compared to Beceem. So can you just characterize how you are positioned now into 4G with this acquisition?
Scott McGregor: Broadcom has been working on a variety of 4G technologies prior to our acquisition of Beceem, but Beceem adds a lot of value in a number of ways. First of all, it brings a really excellent engineering team. And that's one of the things we look at whenever we do an acquisition, is it really Broadcom quality engineers that we'll be adding and we feel very good about that team and their ability to execute. It brings us a WiMax business, which certainly gives us access to many new customers and many new opportunities there. So not only to be able to benefit from the WiMax business itself but to be able to offer all of the other technologies we have to those existing customers in that space. And then very importantly, it also give us a stronger team going forward on the LTE side of 4G, which enables us to get to market more quickly with our LTE solutions in the 3GP space. And so we believe that's a multi-fold advantage for us and that's the basis for the acquisition.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ruben Roy from Pacific Crest Securities.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: First on the Wireless LAN comments of growth north of 20%. Is that a combination of discrete Wireless LAN and combo products?
Scott McGregor: Yes, that's a wireless LAN across our all of our segment's markets and various ways it gets to market through combo chips or discrete chips.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: And then on the Broadband side, in terms of, I think, you might have talked a bit about North America earlier, so I'm sorry if you mentioned growth trends, but was growth kind of equal for set-top boxes in both China and North America or did one geography outperform? And what are your expectations going forward?
Scott McGregor: They trade around a little bit. I think we'll see China and North America go at different paces. China tends to be more tender driven and surge. North America tends to be more competitive driven and who's running specials to get new subscribers. I think China is beginning to pick up again a little bit. China is interesting because we see the revenue in multiple phases. There will certainly be deployments where they'll go into relatively large cities and regions and deploy additional boxes. And then, we'll see the bandwidth surge requirement there, where we'll get the switches, we'll get follow-on consumer devices as people add devices in their home to take advantage of the new bandwidth they have, either consumer electronic devices or other networking devices. So it tends to smooth it out a little bit versus some of our customers who might be selling a specific box. We have certainly [ph] a broader position in that space. I'm pretty bullish about China going forward, that market seems to be quite hot and likely to continue. And the competitive situation between the different broadband providers in the United States also means that there's going to be a lot of competition, a lot of innovation in products, which is good for us.
Operator: The next question comes from David Wong from Wells Fargo.
David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Tax rate. What do you reckon your long-term GAAP tax rate is going to be?
Eric Brandt: David, I would use the tax rate that you see in our financial. I mean, we typically book tax rate that run 3%, 4% GAAP tax rate. It varies because our cash tax tends to be relatively constant in the sort of $8 million, $9 million, $10 million range per year and so as our revenue grows, the tax rate's been drifting down. But I would just use whatever you see in the GAAP tax rate at this point.
Operator: The next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: Just one clarification on the legal expense popping up, how should we think about the timing and when that might come down? And then one other quick housekeeping, out of the $2.9 billion in cash you have, how much of that is onshore versus offshore?
Eric Brandt: So on the legal spending, the trial is scheduled for February of next year. I suspect that it will grow this quarter and into next quarter as the various teams go to trial. It's an odd trial, a derivative trial, an odd trial in the sense that we are paying the litigation expenses for the defendants. But should there be adjustment the other way, the money comes back to the company. But I expect it will peak in Q1, assuming the trial ends in Q1 and it's done. In terms of cash mix, in the Q, you'll see about 55% of our cash is onshore. If you sort of adjust for inter-company receivables, that would actually be closer to 60% onshore.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark McKechnie from Gleacher & Company.
Mark McKechnie - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: First on the Beceem acquisition closing in Q4, any changes or thoughts on the accretion dilution in the first couple of quarters?
Eric Brandt: So, in the press release, we said excluding the effect of purchase accounting, we think it's about neutral to our P&L next year. No changes to that since we issued the press release.
Mark McKechnie - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: How close do you think you are to having an LTE product there? Is that the Beceem team, yelling [ph] when we expect to see that in the market?
Scott McGregor: One of the things at Broadcom that we do is we don't announce products until they're in the market, so I can't share with you when we'll have an LTE product. But we have said previously we are working on them. I think to put it in perspective, LTE is going to be mostly a data card market for the foreseeable next few years. That's where it makes the most sense because of the bandwidth, it's probably not going to go into volume cell phone simply because of the power consumption. And it doesn't make voice calls any better when you have very high bandwidth connectivity. It's really a data advantage to have that high bandwidth. And that's makes more sense in laptops and tablets and other things where you'll see a data card either sold separately or integrated onto the motherboard.
Operator: The next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Stanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research: Eric, just one about inventories. If you go $45 million worth of inventory in the quarter, that's add on top of the $87 million that you built last quarter. And I know you've said that last quarter, the other end of that was in preparation of the cellular ramps and the multimedia ramps. Can you just help me with some color maybe on how much of the incremental build both last quarter and this quarter was actually to support those baseband and multimedia process or ramps? How much is going to support some other parts and can you just talk a little bit about inventory expectations for the next quarter?
Eric Brandt: So, what last quarter, it certainly was more of the build in advance of the ramp. This quarter was less of that, more of a mix across different businesses. If you look at our business turn, it's interesting although this isn't a GAAP measure, it's a non-GAAP measure. Two of our businesses are already operating in our targeted range of seven to eight turns. And two of them are not, one of them obviously being the cellular based product and the other being the ING business, which typically operates slightly below the range. Our hope is that these things will improve. Certainly, as you're dealing with tight supply and queuing times, making sure that you have sufficient supply longer out does create some variation in terms of what actually is in the demand pattern. and I suspect that will even out, whether that evens out exactly in Q4 or more into Q1, I can't exactly say, but it should even out over the next six months.
Operator: The next question comes from Daniel Amir from Lazard Capital.
Daniel Amir - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Your Broadband business I supposed, you said flat to up in Q4. Can you give us an idea what areas might be flat to up and what areas might be flat to down in that segment?
Scott McGregor: I think we said it would be modestly up in Q4. So a little stronger than flat to up. But no, we don't break out particular segments there.
Eric Brandt: The bigger segments though are the broadband modems and the set-top boxes, which typically would drive that growth rate and pull that up.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Caso from Susquehanna Financial.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: I know you guys have the Analyst Day coming up soon, but I wonder if by way of a preview, you can kind of point us to looking into next year, what are the biggest areas we should be paying attention to with regard to incremental growth drivers as we look into next year? You mentioned cellular as one of them, wonder if you could just kind of go through the biggest ones?
Scott McGregor: Thanks for bring up Analyst Day. That really is where we go into depth in terms of the underlying drivers in our business. But I think some of the things that we see as growth drivers next year, in the broadband space, I would say things like our Consumer Electronics business and DTV overall moving up. I think there's opportunity there in terms of market share opportunity. In the cellular space, definitely, some growth opportunities there for both multimedia, as well as the basebands and related chips. And then I think the wireless combo chips still definitely going strong there and opportunity for growth and I think GPS will be a very high percentage growth driver as well. So that's sort of a quick preview on growth drivers for 2011.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: The NFC technology, are you seeing that primarily to drive the level [ph] commerce platforms and you look for the timing here on out?
Scott McGregor: The NFC is a broadly applicable technology. I think we'll use it for a number of things. One thing I think it's very useful for is for pairing Bluetooth, pairing wireless LAN, making it easy to connect devices by bringing them close to each other, having them pair automatically and it's just so much more fun than exchanging Web piece [ph] and doing the normal Bluetooth pairing protocols. We'll also use it for commerce. We have a number of customers interested in that space and there are couple of other interesting applications we'll announce over time.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Gauna from JMP Securities.
Alex Gauna - JMP Securities LLC: Scott, I was wondering if you could give some color around how you see tablets working into the notebook market share? And the puts and take for Broadcom on that fund. If I could put you on the hook because you are talking to your OGM and OEM customers, what do you think the right outlook is for notebooks vis-a-vis tablets in 2011?
Scott McGregor: I think tablets are going to find some very interesting positions in the market and definitely will cannibalize the netbook market. They're a better form factor, there's just some really interesting innovation going on in tablets. I just see the tablet market fragmenting into a number of different areas. I think we'll see the netbook replacement tablet as one market and that certainly, there off to a very strong start there especially with one customer there. I also believe that you're going to see special-purpose or carrier versions of tablets that make sense to either fill a niche need whether it's a book reader or a media reader or a remote control device. A great example, we're working with a carrier in Japan and shipping today a tablet that they give away for free when you order a triple play from them. So if you call them up and you say, I'd like to order Internet service with TV service and phone service, they give you a free tablet and a little bit like the old way banks used to give you a toaster when you open an account but a little more interesting because this is a pretty full-featured tablet, this has touch display, HD capable display, wireless LAN, the ability to see movies and browse the Internet and kinds of things. And our solution has enabled the total bill of materials for that device to be $100 or less, and that's a 7-inch tablet. We're also working with some folks on some larger tablets and we believe it's going to be just a very interesting innovation market. My guess is that there will be hundreds of tablets solutions introduced over the next year or two, probably many fewer will find a success for the companies that launched them. But I do believe the market overall is going to be interesting. And we participate very broadly. Broadcom has a lot of capabilities in conductivity, in basebands, application processors, Power Management, NFC, VoIP, and all those different technologies that enable us to produce very competitive solutions for tablets.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Cassidy from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Kevin Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: You mentioned GPON being an area of strength, wonder if you could say what geography you saw that in and what do you see going forward?
Scott McGregor: So today, I believe GPON will be of interest in the United States and Europe. I think EPON is a little more popular in Asia and it will be interesting to see how those technologies move over time and which one wins. As usual, Broadcom has taken an agnostic approach on this and we have both GPON solutions and EPON solutions and various other PON solutions and so we believe we'll participate in the market whichever direction it goes there. But GPON initially, I think we'll see primary success in Europe and the United States.
Operator: The next question comes from Edward Snyder from Charter Equity.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Let's talk about the Mobile business and some of the mix shift that you're seeing in more, 2G and 3G. Over the year, we talked about extensively, Scott, you all know about cost and talking about how 3G would be big growth drivers this year. Have you think that hasn't really played out as well as you might have thought. Is it mostly just the change of the OEMs in terms of their of products or is it just may be other competitors coming in with their products. Because the reason that Nokia and Samsung and some of you potentially larger customers, they're all talking about pushing smartphones into the lower tiers, which would essentially require to based to get the cost basis that need you to do it and we still haven't seen that yet, can you give us the kind of a feeling to just fill off for a while or is there a technology that we need to get before we can there?
Scott McGregor: I think we're absolutely getting there. We're shipping a number of smartphones today that are 2G based and when people look at smartphones, I &A defined a smartphone as a phone that's capable of Internet browsing and multimedia, taking pictures, push and pull content, those kind of things define a smartphone for me probably wireless LAN in the device and we see those both as 2G and 3G dominating that today. In the United States, they're going to tend to be more 3G and high-end devices with faster application processors and other things. In the rest of the world, people are looking for cost-effective smartphones and smartphones that they can buy at a more affordable price and so the volume market, I think, is going to be in the smart feature phones, low end smartphone space and that's at the sweet spot of our high end 2G integrated SoCs, as well as the 3G products that we have. Our 3G products are moving up more into the higher end space. But I think that's going quite well. Don't be confused, one of our large customers that started to ramp is primarily shipping 2G devices and so that may be skewing a little bit. But over the next few years, I expect us to really see a lot of great smartphone solutions and those are shipping today. I believe the launch of Android will also create a whole new tier of cost-effective smartphones, that's a market we're very suitable for in our products.
Operator: The next question comes from Srini Pajjuri from CLSA.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Scott, just on the tablet to follow up on the previous answer. Looking at your history and the combo chips and the kind of success you've had. Obviously, that does present a significant opportunity but we haven't seen a whole lot of at least talk from you on the CPU side given some of your competitor sellers aggressively going out to this market. I'm just wondering if that is, if you view that as an opportunity longer-term or would you tend to focus on the combo chip and maybe attacked this from an SoC standpoint?
Scott McGregor: That certainly something we've looked at and discussed. Broadcom is really a very strong processor company, we probably ship more arm and mix processors than almost other companies, maybe more than anyone else. We view it more as an opportunity to create an SoC and so I mentioned before that with our baseband solutions, we include application processors with each of them and we'll certainly ratchet up the performance dramatically there. I'd say maybe in the past, we were maybe not as aggressive in terms of pushing the CPU speed on those. But there's no reason we can;t do that going forward. And so, will we do standalone? Yes, that's a possibility. Our primary strategy is to look at SoC solutions, we could certainly do a standalone. And again, our philosophy is we'll announce those products when they're available in the market. So I can;t give you more color than that but we certainly have the capability to do either or both.
Operator: Today's final question comes from Shawn Webster from Macquarie.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: Just one quick clarifying question on the gross margins. Excluding the change in inventory reserves with product margins have grown sequentially?
Eric Brandt: It's about 100 basis points and we were down 70 basis points, so net-net, yes, it would've been up slightly.
Scott McGregor: In closing, I'd like to leave you with a few thoughts. Broadcom really had an excellent Q3. We've grown faster than the industry with market share gains in both our core and emerging businesses. We've significantly improved our operating profitability to achieve our GAAP product financial model and return to capital shareholders. We're looking forward to additional market share expansion and strong financial performance in the December quarter. And finally as a reminder, we'll be hosting our 2010 Analyst Day event in Irvine on December 14. If you need any additional details on this event, please give Chris or John a call. With that, thank you very much and have good day.
Operator: Thank for participating in Broadcom's Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. This concludes the conference for today. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-27 16:45:00) =====
Executives: Eric Brandt - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Scott McGregor - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director T. Andrew - Vice President of Corporate Communications
Analysts: David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley Mark McKechnie - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Sumit Dhanda Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research Daniel Amir - Lazard Capital Markets LLC James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom Second Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Your speakers for today are Scott McGregor, Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer; Eric Brandt, Broadcom's Chief Financial Officer; and Peter Andrew, Vice President of Corporate Communications. I will now turn the call over to Peter Andrew. Mr. Andrew, you may begin.
T. Andrew: Thank you very much, Christine. During this call, we'll discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we'll provide on future revenue, gross margin and operating expense targets for the third quarter of 2010 and any other future periods, as well as statements about the prospects for our various businesses, potential market share and the development status and planned availability of new products. You should note that the guidance we provide today is based upon forecasts that require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions using the information that is available to us at this time. It should be clearly understood that our actual performance and financial results may differ substantially from our forecasts and the other forward-looking statements we make today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results, including among other things, general economic conditions, are discussed in the Risk Factors section of our 2009 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of today's earnings press release. As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement except as required by law. Please refer to the Investors section of our website for additional historical, financial and statistical information, including the information required by SEC Regulation G. In addition, we have placed a slide deck, which is available now in the Investor Relations section of our website, that is on the right-hand side of the page under Q2 2010 Earnings Information. For increased transparency, we've incorporated additional tables, information regarding our future guidance, historical performance and segment operating income. With that, now let me turn the call over to Scott.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. Broadcom continues to excel in both product leadership and financial discipline and we've performed particularly well in the June quarter, with better revenue and earnings than we originally anticipated, driven by upside demand in several of our largest businesses. Broadcom's quarterly total revenue of $1.6 billion and product revenue of $1.55 billion reached record levels. This is up more than 10% sequentially and over 60% from the strong sales growth quarter one year ago. Sequential revenue growth in the quarter was led by strength in our Broadband and Mobile & Wireless businesses, which were up 15% and 14% respectively. Our engineering investment in these areas over the last several years have enabled us to field an exceptionally strong product portfolio and we're now growing our market share. As a result of our solid cash flow from operations, Broadcom's cash position increased approximately $135 million sequentially to $2.5 billion, even after repurchasing over $120 million in stock and paying dividends of $40 million.  Broadcom is in the fast-growing wired and wireless communications markets, with cutting-edge solutions for a growing number of connected users who are demanding more content and bandwidth. Broadcom excels at silicon integration and our focus remains creating outstanding communication and connectivity products that enable us to grow our market share. We've also been extremely successful in generating profitable growth as both our Q2 and first half results delivered significant expansion in operating margin. Our outlook for Q3 indicates a continuation of this strong momentum going forward.  I'll now turn the call over to Eric for details on the second quarter financial results and our third quarter guidance.
Eric Brandt: Thanks, Scott. Moving to the financial overview. To summarize for Q2, total revenue of $1.6 billion, including $1.55 billion in product revenue. Q2 total net revenue was up 54% from prior year and 10% from Q1 level. Total gross margin increased 10 basis points from Q1 to 52.6%. Product gross margin in Q2 increased 30 basis points to 50.8% versus 50.5% in Q1. Q2 2010 GAAP R&D plus SG&A expense was $565 million compared to $554 million in Q1 of 2010. These expenses increased only $11 million over Q1 due in part to several takeouts sliding into the beginning of Q3.  GAAP earnings per share for Q2 were $0.52 compared to First Call consensus of $0.46 per share. Stock-based compensation dropped to 7.4% of net revenue to approximately $119 million and represented approximately $0.22 per diluted share. Cash flow from operations for Q2 was approximately $196 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance was up to approximately $2.5 billion at the end of the quarter. Moving to revenue and gross margin. During April's conference call, we said we expected Q2 total net revenue to be between $1.535 billion to $1.635 billion. What occurred in Q2 was total revenue was above the midpoint of our range at $1.604 billion, up 54% from Q2 of '09. Our Broadband Communications segment, solutions for the home, showed solid growth, up almost 15% sequentially from Q1. This resulted from an increase in demand for digital set-top boxes, digital TV and broadband access equipment.  In the Mobile & Wireless segment, solutions for the hand, we experienced a revenue increase of approximately 14% compared to Q1, driven primarily by the strength in the wireless combo chip and ramping of our new GPS solution.  As anticipated, our Infrastructure and Networking segment, solutions for infrastructure, came in flat compared to Q1. Our Q2 GAAP product gross margin increased 30 basis points to 50.8%, up from 50.5% in Q1. This improvement relative to guidance was principally due to mix. Moving to operating expenses. Operating expenses came in better than expectation. Total R&D and SG&A expenses for Q2 were up $11 million from Q1 levels versus guidance of up $20 million to $25 million. The increase was primarily related to an increase in headcount, full quarter effect of employee cost adjustments from our annual compensation review process in Q1 and growth in legal spending. Favorability to prior guidance came in the legal area as well as several takeouts related to late Q2, totaling roughly $3.5 million, which were delayed into early Q3. Legal spending continues to be both favorable and pushed to the right relative to estimates in April. Stock-based compensation was 7.4% of net revenue, down over 100 basis points from Q1. Moving to the balance sheet. As I mentioned earlier, total cash and marketable securities were $2.5 billion despite $122 million in share repurchases, our dividend payout of $40 million and roughly $160 million used to pay the class action settlement into a settlement fund offset by equity proceeds of about $164 million. We repurchased approximately $4 million shares of stock in the quarter at an average price of $31.88.  Our inventory turns came in at 6.2x down from 6.9 turns in Q1 of 2010. About 60% of the sequential dollar increase in inventory came from our cellular baseband and mobile multimedia products, as we prepare for a number of new product ramps in Q3. Absent of cellular inventory build, our inventory turns would've been approximately 7x. Our days sales receivable outstanding were 39 days in Q2.  Moving to expectations, we currently expect net revenue in Q3 to be approximately $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. We anticipate our Broadband segment to have solid sequential growth, the Mobile & Wireless segment to be up significantly over last quarter and the Infrastructure Networking segment, sales are expected to be roughly flat. We expect Q3 product gross margin to remain roughly flat to Q2. Inventory turns should return to our targeted range of about 7x based on growth in ramps of certain products at key customers. With respect to R&D and SG&A expense in Q3, we expect these expenses to increase approximately $25 million to $35 million, of which roughly half relates to growth in design and development costs as we continue to tape out more 40-nanometer parts. Also, as I mentioned, $3.5 million of Q2 mask slipped into Q3, which produces a $7 million swing in tapeout expenses quarter-over-quarter. The remainder of the growth is split roughly equally between legal expenses and employee costs. On Analyst Day, we committed to grow operating expenses substantially slower than revenue while we were below our targeted operating model of 15% to 17% on a GAAP product basis. Digging a bit deeper, at the midpoint of guidance I just provided, it appears we should achieve our GAAP target product operating margin, net of acquisition and one-time costs in Q3, and be at or above the prior non-GAAP range for the third quarter in a row.  And now, I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor: Thanks, Eric. Starting with our home platform, Broadcom's Broadband Communications business delivered the highest sequential growth rate in the second quarter, at approximately 15% with record sales from core set-top boxes and broadband modems. We expect the revenue growth momentum to continue in the September quarter, driven by new product cycles and dramatic increases in the global adoption of high-definition pay TV services and increasing consumer preference for HD content. We're benefiting from both share gains and mix in the connected home, as service providers increasingly deploy high-end devices, where our product portfolio is strong and product ASPs tend to be higher. In addition to our cable satellite and IP set-top box market share gains in Europe and Asia, we have an increased presence at service providers who are continuing their analog shut-off in bandwidths we capture programs to allow for increased HD and DOCSIS 3.0 deployments.  In our Broadband Access business, we're seeing strong sequential growth, driven by consolidation of market share during 2009, resumption of carrier network upgrades, including China, where carriers are rebuilding with new fiber-to-the-node networks and acceleration of VDSL [Very high bit-rate Digital Line Subscriber] deployments in North America and Europe. We also achieved a key milestone with initial shipments of VDSL2 products for deployment in AT&T's U-verse service. In our Consumer Electronics businesses, both DTV and Blu-ray experienced good year-on-year growth. These businesses are benefiting from rapid adoption of Internet connectivity and the rendering and display of 3D video, which are natural strengths for Broadcom. According to a recent display search report, almost 26% of 2010 and 39% [Audio Gap] sold in North America will include connected TV capability. Moving to infrastructure. Broadcom's Infrastructure and Network business in the second quarter was up more than 80% year-over-year and flat sequentially after three quarters of above seasonal growth. We continue to believe demand for video and data will outstrip expansion and capacity, resulting in a multi-year revenue growth for our largest business, Switches and Controllers. With the incredible growth of content that challenges data centers, networking infrastructures is moving to 10-gigabit ethernet solutions. We expect strong adoption of our high-throughput, energy-efficient, low-latency 10-gigabit products by data centers and enterprise customers to continue throughout 2010 and to be a secular revenue growth driver. Based on order patterns and design wins, we're seeing strong customer demand for our new EPON [Ethernet Passive Optical Network] chipsets and high-end switch fabric products from our recently integrated acquisitions of Teknovus and Dune.  Moving to our hand platform. Within our Mobile & Wireless business, Broadcom experienced double-digit sequential revenue growth with dramatic expansion in sales across our wireless connectivity solutions, offset by some softness in our Cellular Baseband business. Based on our customers' order plans and solid traction in new product ramps, we expect substantial growth in the third quarter from both our wireless connectivity as well as our cellular baseband businesses.  Our Wireless Connectivity business did exceptionally well, with all of our target market segments up sequentially. Broadcom is specially pleased with the performance of our Wireless LAN and GPS businesses. The Wireless LAN portfolio delivered in excess of 30% sequential revenue growth in Q2 and we expect revenue growth above 20% sequentially in the September quarter. In GPS, we're seeing excellent customer adoption across most of the leading cellular handset players combined with solid growth in PNDs [Personal Navigation Devices], enabling this business to be one of our largest percentage growth drivers in 2010.  In Bluetooth, the strength of our software and stack has created strong demand for our solutions in Android-based devices, which is one of the fastest-growing segments in the smartphone market.  We believe the market opportunity for our wireless connectivity devices will continue to grow as we leverage higher attachment rates in devices like smartphones, tablets, netbooks, digital TVs and Blu-ray players. Typically, we're able to augment our DTV and Blu-ray SoC design wins with incremental sales of Broadcom's wireless connectivity components. To further advance our portfolio of leading wireless connectivity solutions, we expanded our position in Near Field Communications, called NFC, to our nearly completed acquisition of Innovision Technologies. We have great NFC technology and we'll accelerate its adoption into multiple areas, including simplifying the pairing of other connectivity technologies, electronic payment and security. We're working with multiple customers to use NFC as a point of differentiation in their future products.  In summary, Broadcom is focused on the most innovative technologies related to connectivity, bandwidth and content. Our platform solutions are enabling the cutting-edge products in the strongest growth markets of the semiconductor industry. This product leadership and Broadcom's solid financial performance and strong free cash flow generation model are the engines for our continued success. We believe we're extremely well positioned to deliver on our 2010 operating strategy of driving leverage and profitable growth. This concludes our prepared comments and we're now ready for your questions. Christine, may we have the first question please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from James Schneider from Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Looks like you saw a pretty substantial operating margin expansion in both the Broadband and Wireless businesses in Q2 relative to Q1. Could you maybe comment on what you expect going forward? First of all, was most of that expansion just driven by the higher revenues? Was it also gross margins? And then going forward, will we expect more expansion in both those or mainly from just the Wireless business?
Eric Brandt: Both of the businesses saw some improvement in gross margin, as well as really, the growth in revenue and leverage of the R&D line, Jim.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And going forward, will you expect growth in both?
Scott McGregor: All we can do is provide you one quarter's worth of guidance and I think if you plug in the numbers that we gave you, you can see that, overall, for the corporation our margins will expand, Q2 to Q3.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: On the inventory situation, I was wondering if you could just comment broadly on what you're seeing out there. I think some of your peers have commented on some inventory adjustments in emerging market handsets, maybe in the 2G area and possibly some inventory digestion in China broadband infrastructure. If you could comment on that, that would be great.
Scott McGregor: We're not seeing particular inventory in the various customers or channels that we look at. We've seen, generally, customers, we believe, are shipping what we ship them. We're not seeing any unusual situations in inventory.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Ellis from Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Scott, you mentioned that baseband was down a little bit in the second quarter. Can you provide some color on what you're seeing with design wins as the business evolves? Are you moving more to a 3G mix or is it staying pretty static at the EDGE and 3G mix that you have in the second quarter? And then as you look at the second half, do you think you'll be in some of the high render [ph] (23:45) models that your customers like you were last year?
Scott McGregor: We're seeing good design win traction. In Q2, we saw a little bit of softness, which we attribute to some shift between different models. We do expect to see a significant pick up in that business in the current quarter, though. So we'll see growth there. In terms of mix between 2G and 3G, in one of our large customers, we're shipping both 2G and 3G today, and we do see a mix towards 3G going forward there. One of our other large customers is still 100% 2G, though, and they're growing quickly and ramping. So probably, overall, you'll see an initial mix more towards 2G in the near term and then as 3G comes on in that second large customer and has 3G continues to pick up in the first large customer, we'll definitely shift more towards 3G.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Eric, a question for you. Despite what looks like a revenue mix shift towards the Consumer businesses, in the third quarter, you are seeing gross margins increase. So is that intrasegment mix shift or is that really the benefit that the company's getting at a business, you're focusing on improving product level gross margins or another factor?
Eric Brandt: It's kind of all of the above, Craig. It is both an improvement in margins within the businesses. We're actually seeing margin improvements across virtually all of the businesses combined with just higher volume and lower absorption cost as you can imagine given how quickly our volume has ramped. I think if you mix adjust it just on a standard margin basis, you'd actually see a slight drop in the gross margin, which we would've expected seasonally as you see that shift to the consumer side. But it's being offset by improvements within the business and the absorption that we're seeing across the business.
Operator: The next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: Not A lot to pick on, but Eric, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the industry trends you're seeing in the Enterprise Networking space. I know flat revenue was expected in June. How do you think the industry performed? And I guess you saw a little bit of a degradation in op margin that business. I'm just kind of curious as to what's causing that.
Eric Brandt: So a little bit of two things. One is there's a mix shift a little bit within that business to some of the lower margin products, but only small. And then there has been a pick up in the R&D side of that business. Even with some of those tapeouts, it slipped out. They've actually increased their R&D, and on the flat revenue, that's what you see. So I think that's more noise than anything else. Beyond that, we're still working hard to meet the supply of our customers who are pushing for parts. I'll let maybe Scott comment further on that.
Scott McGregor: You need to put in perspective that we've seen an approximately 80% year-on-year growth in the Enterprise Networking business. So very, very strong growth over the last four quarters in that business. We see it consolidating at a pretty high level. In general, we're seeing very strong demand for things like switches, just a lot of people running out of capacity, a lot of new broadband deployments. So a lot of the broadband deployment we're seeing in our broadband business will translate into more capacity demand and we'll see that down the road in terms of driving more towards our Network Infrastructure business. It's interesting, something like 1 billion people in the last year or so have gotten an e-mail address for the first time, whether it's on a mobile device or a broadband platform at home. And all of those guys are going to start surfing the Internet. They're going to start downloading video content. And generally, we see after large increases in broadband, it's usually followed by an increase in infrastructure as people put the infrastructure in place. We're also seeing good traction from our Dune business. Excellent products in that space. Just tremendous ability to switch large numbers of ports at line speed, and we think that'll be very interesting for the end-of-row model. You think of the blades, the top of the rack and the end of the row. When you create these very large data centers, the end-of-the-row performance is really what drives the whole data center performance. And we've got, we think, the best products in the world in that space and so that should be a good driver going forward as we get the large cloud data centers deployed.
T. Andrew: This is Peter. One other little data point there is also if you look over the last couple quarters, we've been rather vocal in terms of how the service providers switching segments has been a nice driver for us. And the second quarter is really the Enterprise Business was looking up quite nicely for us.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: Scott, as a follow-up, just going back to the wireless connectivity opportunity around combo chips, what's the rough split between smartphone and tablet currently and how do you expect that to trend for the balance of the back half of the year and then in the 2011? And when can we expect to see sort of multiple vendors that you're selling into on the tablet front?
Scott McGregor: The balance between smartphones and tablet, smartphones is just by far the larger volume by an order of magnitude. And so we see that there. We see tablets, obviously, as one of the fastest-growing areas. But as we see smartphones becoming a larger and larger percentage, and things like Bluetooth, which is now probably 60% or so penetrated into phones overall, and not just smartphones, we see wireless LAN probably approaching the same kind of penetration that Bluetooth has now over the next couple of years. And that represents a tremendous growth opportunity for wireless LAN. It'll be interesting to see how tablets develop and how rapidly that grows, how rapidly tablets cannibalize laptops or not. So there'll be some trends there. But in any case, our combo products are very well suited to that. You have to have competitors. We've been expecting competitors to show up in the combo space for years now, frankly, and we're still not seeing them drawing a lot of volume. I think, reflecting on two things. One is it's very hard to get a lot of radios working in one chip, number one. Number two, you can create a combo chip, but unless you have best-in-class components for all the components of a combo chip, if one of them is weak, then the combo chip itself isn't any good. And Broadcom has best-in-class in all the different areas. And the third point is we're now going on our third and fourth-generation combo chips. A lot of our competitors are still trying to get their first generation to work. So we believe we've got a significant lead there, and you'll see us pick up other technologies and look at ways to increase the value to our customers by adding additional components to those combo chips going forward.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Glen Yeung from Citi.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: Scott, you mentioned a little bit earlier this concept of supply and customers scrambling for parts. I wonder when you look at your on business, what your sense is of the supply condition, particularly as we head into the second half of the year, obviously, looking for more growth. Are you comfortable with the availability of the chip supply?
Scott McGregor: We see a very tight situation in wafer supply, particularly in 65-nanometer, which is the bulk of our wafers which we procure. That being said, I think Broadcom has both done a good job working with multiple suppliers and creating a diversified supply base for our parts, and also our supply partners have really helped us out a lot. That being said, things are really tight and we're going to need to continue to work on that. You can see we've got very high growth rates over the course of this year; a challenge for us and our suppliers. That being said, today, any customer that orders within our given lead times will get product, and we've been able to deliver on those. Where we have challenge is where customer have upside on shorter notice. And because of the tightness in supply, there's not a lot of room for error and it's difficult to do what you would normally do, which is beat your lead times dramatically and get parts to them in a fraction of the normal time. The ability to maneuver and do that is difficult and so that's where the challenge is. But in general, where customers are giving us requested lead times on parts, we can get them basically all the parts we need. And on that basis, we believe we can grow strongly throughout the rest of this year.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup Inc: Do you have any visibility as to when you think that supply condition may ease?
Scott McGregor: That's a tough question. Folks like Broadcom are giving them a hard time because we're growing faster than they can add capacity in some areas. The foundry partners we work with are adding capacity at some point, that will come online and ease things. We will also begin migrating over to 40-nanometer and not just 65-nanometer. So there are a lot of factors there. Also depends on the economy and what some of our competitors do in terms of the overall wafer supply. So in summary, I don't think I can give you a good forecast there, but again, while things are very tight, we are working with our supply partners and I think we'll be able to procure the wafers we need to fuel our growth going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Lipacis from Morgan Stanley.
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley: You talked about strength in the connectivity area. Is there -- I guess there's two parts to the question. You mentioned Wi-Fi and GPS. On the Wi-Fi side, was that Wi-Fi as part of access points that are going to PCs where you're taking share? Is it Wi-Fi as part of the combination chips? And on that same area, could you give us a sense of what percentage of your combo chips are shipping with Wi-Fi? And on the GPS side, are you guys, the growth that you're seeing there, is this an acceleration of a functionality that the OEMs, the handset OEMs are expecting in their cell phones or you guys think you're taking share?
Scott McGregor: So just a number of questions there. Let me try and a hit on them and I think Peter will probably try and give you a sense of the total split between wireless LAN and combo chips. In general, in wireless LAN, we believe we're taking share pretty much across all the different segments; everything from access points to handsets to all the consumer electronics, all the different markets we play in there. And again, driven by just really an exceptional product portfolio. The wireless LAN team have done a great job, I think building really competitive products in that space. Combo chips, in particular, offer our customers a real advantage in terms of space, power consumption. And something really important, which is the interoperability of the radios all running at the same time. They coordinate and even do fairly sophisticated things like allow streaming packets to go through and hold up the nonessential ones. In GPS, we see, we came from a relatively small share there, but our GPS products, we believe, are absolutely top notch. We offer them both in standalone configurations, as well as in combo chips. We have a Bluetooth GPS combo chip that's very attractive right now. There a lot of cell phones out there that both have Bluetooth for connectivity and headsets and GPS for the various government-mandated location programs. And so we think that's a perfect chip for phones that want to hit that market and they can use wireless LAN as an optional add-on to a design there. So definite strength in our GPS business in terms of just performance of the technology.
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley: And the 30% growth in Wi-Fi sequentially, was that on standalone Wi-Fi products? Or do you group them somewhat together?
Scott McGregor: Yes, we group those together.
T. Andrew: Yes, so, Mark, the quick and dirty I think that you're looking for so we had growth on the Networking, the PC and the Embedded segments. So growth in all three of the major segments for our Wi-Fi business.
Eric Brandt: And then the only other thing you asked for is the what mix is shipping with Wi-Fi? About 75% of the combo chip shipped with Wi-Fi in it.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Luke from Barclays Capital.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: Scott, I was wondering, given the trends that you've seen, how are you beginning to think that the seasonality may shape as you go into the end of the year into the fourth quarter? Or to put another way, maybe you could just remind us what you've seen in terms of normal seasonality there? And what some of the different puts and takes maybe as you move through the year?
Scott McGregor: Tim, it's Eric. As you recall, we came out of Q1 given how strong relative to seasonal it was, in terms of it being multiple points better than seasonal. We were cautious about the seasonality going through the rest of the year. It looks like coming through Q2 and Q3, we are seeing, in fact, mix-adjusted seasonal-like growth. So Q2 sort of in the 9% range and Q3 at the midpoint of guidance is sort of 8%-9% range as well. In terms of Q4, we don't provide guidance. Normally, Q4 would be about flat relative to Q3. But surprisingly, we are seeing a more seasonal pattern this year on the back of a much stronger Q1 than we would normally see seasonally.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: Scott mentioned that there was some mix elements that impacted the Baseband business in the quarter. Is that in for one of your customers there was more of a move to 3G from 2G where you'd had particularly strong position? And as you say that it's going to now ramp in the third calendar quarter, would you think that baseband might outpace connectivity now in the calendar third quarter?
Scott McGregor: I think the key message to take from that is we do expect the Cellular Baseband business to ramp in the third quarter significantly. We also expect our multimedia business to ramp as well in this current quarter. I think that's the key takeaway.
Timothy Luke - Barclays Capital: Just on MoCA, is that contributing yet to the second half, first half?
Scott McGregor: We are shipping MoCA-based products right now.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Benjamin from Jefferies & Company.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just a first, to follow-up Eric on the gross margin, you typically talk about 65-nanometer as a percentage of the mix. You obviously guiding it flat, so that helps a little bit. So just curious, if you can give us a percentage of the mix in Q2 and going forward?
Eric Brandt: Q2 mix was north of 50%, and it will continue to grow. The older principal largest other piece of technology is at 130 [nanometer] and that's about 35% of our mix and going down.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then just a couple of follow-up questions for Scott, on the cellular business. First, one of your large customers has sort of had a disaggregation strategy with the baseband and the processor. You guys have not been really bumping up against that issue because you're sort of not at the high end of the 3G with that customer. So just curious as to how you see that playing out going forward and how you deal with that particular issue or how you address it.
Scott McGregor: I think disaggregation or the selling of separate chips for each of the different pieces in the cell phone is a factor in two areas. One is at the very high end of the market, where because of power or size or newness of the chips out there, you just do better with having separate chips, or where the technology is evolving very rapidly. Because basebands take along time to qualify, if you've got a something that's evolving a lot faster than a baseband, you don't want to incorporate it in, otherwise you'll end up shipping old technology by the time the baseband gets qualified. I think the long-term trend in this space is inevitably integration. You'll see integration of basebands and application processors and connectivity and power management and radios. It's just makes a lot of sense for cost reasons. There will always be a component of the business, generally, at the high end where it is less integrated. Broadcom is ideally suited for all of those different spaces. We have all the different separate pieces as well as the ability to integrate. A lot of our competitors are great niche players in one of the components or several of the components of the cell phone. Our strategy is really different. We've created a strategy to have all the different components from the cell phone, and we'll do whatever the customer wants. If they want them integrated, we're one of the only guys who can do that.If they want them separate, we can do that too.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: You mentioned a pretty significant ramp of your video core product as well as all the cellular into Q3. Can you just talk a little bit about how you see that product going forward? It seems sort of to be kind of a patch for one of your customers in the interim, and I'm just curious if the ramp is primarily one SKU that's ramping into the back half or it's more broadbase than that. And then just kind going forward, how we should be thinking about that product and handset adoption for that product?
Scott McGregor: I can't comment on particular customers. But in general, we see a separate video processor right now as being important, because it uses dramatically less power and provides more capability than a lot of the standalone processors, which -- a general-purpose processor is not a very good graphics processor. It's not a very good video processor for streaming, so it consequently uses a lot more power. Over time, the general-purpose processors will certainly be able to do that and will certainly absorb some part of the market. We see video processing and multimedia. Think about instead of the capability, and that capability is going to be integrated into basebands and other kinds of things. Not everybody wants to have a car battery attached to their smartphone just so they can watch a movie. Not everybody wants to pay the performance cost and power cost in terms of doing that. So we believe you're going to see dedicated video capabilities, dedicated multimedia capabilities in addition to [indiscernible] (43:28) processor capabilities in these devices, and again, it's just another example where Broadcom has a broader set of IP we can bring to bear on these markets. So we can offer our customers high-performance processors when they want them or low-power video capability when it makes sense to run the battery a long time so you can watch a movie on your smartphone without killing the battery.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And Scott, is it more broadbase or video core ramp? Or is it just more of a couple of SKUs should be thinking about it?
Scott McGregor: Well, we've only announced one or two products in the multimedia space. So it's absolutely only a couple of SKUs. We haven't announced other products at this point. If other products become available, we'll certainly talk about them. But right now, we've only talked about two SKUs in that space.
Operator: The next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Scott, quick question on Mobile & Wireless. Your guidance implies a pretty strong growth year-over-year over 40%. You have several new products here. GPS is growing and multimedia products is growing, but can you rank them on a year-over-year basis, which product is growing faster than -- and in terms of Wi-Fi, GPS and baseband?
Scott McGregor: We don't generally break that out, but I'll try to help you a little bit. I mean, certainly, from just overall dollar volume and clout and impact to Broadcom's overall business, wireless LAN and cellular are big movers in that space. From a percentage growth point of view, GPS is really doing strongly in that space. So that should give you a sense of what some of both the volume drivers and growth drivers or the percentage drivers.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Based on your forecast for the year, do you think you will have some customers getting close to 10% customers this year?
Scott McGregor: We probably will. We'll disclose that as we do normally on an annual basis, but our expectation is that we very well could.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Berger from FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Eric, you said in your prepared comments that results were going to be ahead of your margin target in September. Is it time to start thinking about raising your long-term operating margin target? And is 18% too low?
Eric Brandt: So what I said was that from a GAAP perspective, we would actually be if you apply the midpoint of the range provided, you would come up with a GAAP number on a product basis that was between the 15% to 17%, and on a non-GAAP basis, would be above the old 20% to 22%. In terms of changing the margin targets, it's pretty clear that we are operating in a very quickly growing environment and to call what our business model is in this kind of environment or change it from six months ago when we met and we were just hoping to get to this number pretty much in 18 months to two years, I think it's too early to call. I think that we'll talk more about it on Analyst Day, but if we are certainly benefiting from above-target margin results excluding stock-based comp and even with stock-based comp running one to two points above the range we provided over the long term that we thought we'd get to, we still think we can get to the GAAP type of operating model in Q3.
Operator: The next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Scott, you touched a lot of end markets, I was wondering if you could share your perspective on what the end market should be doing in Q3 and particularly the PC market. And then I had a quick follow-up.
Scott McGregor: We don't play as much in the PC market as some other companies, but we do have some products in that space. I don't think I have anything to add other than other headlines you've seen. We certainly saw some softness in that before. There's probably some seasonal pickup going forward in that market. But again, that's not a huge driver for us as some of the other markets.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And follow-up, Peter, maybe for you, you were talking about the difference in what drove second quarter for infrastructure and networking. What about the third quarter? Is it flipping around? or both the businesses is kind of acting the same?
T. Andrew: I think in the third quarter, we are looking for the revenue mix to stay roughly about the same as it was in Q2.
Operator: The next question comes from Sumit Dhanda from Bank of America.
Sumit Dhanda: The legal expenses ticking up in Q3, if you could just talk about what's driving that? And then, is the backlog coverage similar, more or less, than what you had last quarter?
Eric Brandt: So first, on the legal expense, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, they continue to come in lower and shift to the right. As it turns out, next week, we actually have a court date on the derivative action, the last piece of the options-related litigation. If the court moves to summary judgment, then that will certainly be beneficial to us and because if they don't, it'll carry some legal expenses with it. Beyond that, I mean we've been running close to what I thought we could get to so far. I still think that there's an opportunity, particularly if -- even if we go to trial on the derivative action to be done some time next year. So I'm still cautiously optimistic on the legal spend. I can't predict exactly how the waves will come and go, but cautiously optimistic. On the backlog, we don't give guidance on backlog. But I can tell you that consistent with other quarters, we are entering the quarter 80% to 90% booked, even at least quite frankly. And we're trying to make sure that what we ship is going to underlying demand, and even in the face of that, we're still seeing strong growth, 7% to 9% sequentially, four quarters in a row now.
Operator: The next question comes from Raj Seth from Cowen and Company.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC: Scott, I wonder if you could talk a bit more -- you made a couple of comments on integration trends, particularly in the baseband. I'm curious if you see conductivity functionality, maybe Bluetooth first, given the high attach rates. Do you see the industry beginning to integrate those into basebands within the next 12 to 18 months? Or is that further out?
Scott McGregor: I think the volume will certainly be further out. One of the challenges with Bluetooth is that there's a lot of new technology coming out in Bluetooth, Bluetooth low energy, a lot of the use of Bluetooth and wireless LAN together, so you get the higher performance over the wireless LAN fi [ph]. (51:18) So there's a lot of interesting innovation now happening in Bluetooth. And my guess is as long as that innovation moves quickly, that will work against integrating into the baseband and move instead to creating combo chips that would integrate Bluetooth with other things like GPS or wireless LAN that can move at a similar pace of innovation. So I don't see a lot of Bluetooth integration with basebands right now, but we're set up, we don't care. We're happy to do whatever our customers want. If they want Bluetooth integrated with baseband, we're delighted to do that. If they wanted it in combo chips, that's certainly a good solution for us as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co: On the connectivity side, is most of the GPS growth you expect in the second half of this year going to be driven by standalone GPS products? Or are you seeing more adoption of your combo GPS solutions?
Scott McGregor: I don't know the mix on that, and we're certainly seeing significant growth in both areas. We have some customers who want the standalone. I think the trend in design wins going forward is for the Bluetooth-GPS combo, but maybe discrete is still the largest.
Harlan Sur - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then maybe as a follow-up to the previous question on networking. I'm actually hearing very good feedback out there in the industry on your high port comp, that's the 64-port 10-gigabit ethernet switch solution from virtually all of your major networking equipment OEM customers, actually, some of them who haven't historically been very large customers for you in this area. Is this more of a 2011 timeframe when these products start to contribute in more meaningful way? Or are we going to see some of that at the end of this year? And maybe just your view on sort of what are the key differentiators versus the competitive solutions?
Scott McGregor: You'll definitely see a little bit of shipment this year, but the real volume is not in this year, it's going to be in subsequent years. The Trident product that we have, the 64-port 10-gigs switch, is a tremendous product. It's something over 2 billion transistors in 40 nanometers. We don't think competitors have products similar to that, so we think that's going to be a good share gain for us there as a lot of new customers will come over to get the advantages of that product. So that's an example of the kind of product we invested in over the last couple of years as we kept our R&D strong in 2009, was able to deliver products like that. We've got a lot more in the chute. I think some of the Dune-based products are also unmatched in terms of capabilities out there from competitors and should help us gain a lot of share in a very high performance end of the networking space.
Operator: The next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: Scott, you mentioned earlier that your inventory was up in preparation for ramp in the cellular side. Is that kind of a normal seasonal ramp? Or is it share gains for you guys? And in that growth, would you expect your 2G or 3G mix to really shift in favor of one or the other versus what we've seen in the first half of the year?
Eric Brandt: So, Ross, it's Eric. Yes, about 50% of the inventory growth is related to product in the cellular space, split between, not quite evenly but close, between mobile multimedia and EDGE parts, principally some 3G, but based on product ramps that are occurring in the back half of this year. And so as you can imagine, we have to have the parts on hand. And in fact, because we are in a hubbing relationship with one particular customer, those parts not only have to be in hand but they have to be in their warehouses, which we own until they pull. And so it's just indicative of preparing for a fairly steep ramp on the part of the customer.
Operator: The next question comes from Ruben Roy from Pacific Crest.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Scott, when you mentioned strength out of DTV and Blu-ray as relates to your broadband business, you also talked about connectivity. Is the growth that you're seeing currently coming mostly from connectivity chips going into those applications? Or is this combination of connectivity and TV chips, Blu-ray processors? If you can comment on that.
Scott McGregor: It's both. But generally, when we talk about that business, we're referring to the underlying Blu-ray and digital TV chips. So the connectivity products we sell are not yet integrated into those chips, but certainly something we're considering in the future. But right now, they're not integrated in, so we talk about them as separate businesses. In general, we're seeing very good design win traction in digital television, in large part due to the stuff other people can't do. We can do a better job at connected TVs, providing a complete solution for a TV or a Blu-ray device that connects to the Internet, uses wireless LAN and Bluetooth to connect to remote controls, do things like DLNA, which is a network protocol for transmitting content in the living room. We're just much better set up to provide a complete solution versus a lot of our competition that either lacks the connectivity pieces or the Internet pieces or the overall combination of things to do, a Blu-ray or a digital TV in all of these areas.
Operator: The next question comes from Shawn Webster from Macquarie.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: Just circling back to the supply constraints, over the last month, would you say that the tightness on the foundry side got better or worse? Or was it about the same?
Scott McGregor: I would say in 65 nanometer, it hasn't really changed much, and certainly, our rapid growth is probably contributing to why it's not easing up. In the other spaces, 130 nanometer and larger geometries, it probably is using up a little bit. You see a little less constraint there, but certainly in the smaller geometries, still very tightly constrained.
Eric Brandt: And just one follow-up on that, maybe just to give you a sense. I mean we are now running at about 500 million chips per quarter, of which -- excuse me, 400 million to 500 million, but approaching but getting very quick to 500 million, probably as we get to Q3. And with north of 50% of those chips in 65 nanometer, you can imagine we're putting a significant demand constraints or demand pressure on the fabs.
Operator: The next question comes from Daniel Amir from Lazard Capital Markets.
Daniel Amir - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Can you expand a bit on kind of the product roadmap in terms of 40 nanometer? And kind of where you stand with some of the product in different categories?
Eric Brandt: Let me just give a statistic, and I'll hand it to Scott. I mean we are probably going to tape out in Q3 30% to 35% of our parts in 40 nanometer, if the tape outs will do in Q3. And that's a big tape-out quarter for us, so you can see us beginning to increase as we prepare to launch those products commercially. I'll hand it back to Scott.
Scott McGregor: Most of our new products are going to be 40 nanometer. That's the node that makes the most sense going forward. That's the performance cost, power utilization, so we'll definitely drive in that direction. We're shipping 40-nanometer products today to customers in small volumes, but that will ramp up over the course of the next couple of years. So we don't see that as particularly targeted for niches in our product portfolio. We see most of the product portfolio moving over to that, over time. It'll be different than our 65-nanometer ramp though. In 65 nanometers, we basically moved the entire portfolio over a very short period of time, and so you saw spike in our R&D cost because of that. We didn't expect that in 40 nanometers. It'll be more as the product evolve, as they come out with a next generation, they'll move to 40 nanometers.
Operator: The next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research: I got two questions on the OpEx. Number one, you, again, your commentary that in Q3 at the midpoint of your guidance on a GAAP basis, so you're essentially at the midpoint of your targets. What does that imply for OpEx growth relative to revenue growth, I guess, into Q4 and into 2011 and beyond? Is this the point where we should be thinking up more of a one-to-one kind of growth in OpEx versus revenue? And I have one follow-up on share-based comp after this.
Eric Brandt: So on OpEx, in the first six months of the year, I think OpEx was up about 4% and revenue is up about 20%. And the midpoint of our guidance is sort of 8%, 9%, and what I just gave you is probably in the vicinity of 5%, 6%. So we continue to ramp OpEx more slowly than revenue. We did say that when we got to the targeted range, they would ramp more closely. Having said that, it's easy to manage when you're driving a race car in a straightaway, and we want to make sure that we don't get too far out in front on an OpEx spend basis going forward. So we're going to try to hold it a little bit behind revenue in the event that sort of the revenue ramps slow, so we're not too far out in front of it. And good racecar drivers don't gain position on the straightaway, they do it on the curb, and so we just want to be prepared for the curb.
Operator: The next question comes from David Wong from Wells Fargo.
David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: For your Enterprise and Networking division, flat in the June quarter and, again, sequentially in the September quarter. Is this what you consider a normal seasonal pattern? Or is there a softness in this end market or market share shifts, would you say?
Eric Brandt: It was substantially better than seasonal in Q1 and Q2. And then in Q3, it was flat, which is slightly lower than seasonal. I think seasonal is about 2% give or take, in Q3, so it's slightly lower. I think what I would go to is what Scott said, which is I think the business has ramped to a new run rate level. And as our customers sort of get their boxes out and the enterprise side picks up, in addition to the service provider side, we should see the cycle continue and drive growth as we go forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark McKechnie from Gleacher & Company.
Mark McKechnie - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Couple of questions on your baseband, in your guidance, with baseband ramping up pretty significantly and your margins flat seems to indicate pretty good margins there, answering an age-old question. And then also, I wanted to ask, I don't know how you said it, but when would you expect or do you expect a 3G penetration at the second customer?
Scott McGregor: I think we've said for a number of quarters now that our baseband margins are better than people were probably giving us credit for. And so therefore, you do see us ramping those products, but it's not taking down the overall margin for the company. And I don't want to represent that they're better than average for the company by any means, but we're able to offset that with our overall portfolio mix, and that's really what we try to do is to maintain a balance in our overall gross margin within our target range. In terms of the second customer, when we expect 3G to ramp there, I can't really comment on that. That customer is specific there. I mean, certainly, we've won a number of designs there, and we work very closely with them. And we believe that's a pretty big opportunity going forward, but we don't have specific timing for when that'll kick in.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Caso from Susquehanna Financial.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Question for Eric. And, Eric, speaking to you over much in the last year, especially going into the second half of last year, you talked about some of the limited visibility you had because of your place in the supply chain. I just wonder if going into this year, if things have changed to give you a little more confidence. For example, you're ramping a couple of specific products at a couple of specific customers, product is a little tighter. What's kind of different as you go into the second half of this year?
Eric Brandt: I don't know. I mean, look, I think coming out of the downturn last year as things sort of turned around, it was hard to tell the difference between channel refill and true end demand and product ramp. I think we're past the point of channel refill given the strength we've seen in Q4, Q1 and Q2, and the guidance we've given for Q3. And certainly in a period of tight supply, we are seeing orders come in earlier, which gives us a little bit more comfort in terms of the demand levels and what's underlying. So I would say cautiously, we feel a little bit better and certainly feel better to see the kind of seasonality in Q2 and Q3, given we were expecting something much more muted earlier in the year. So a little bit better cautiously, I say.
Operator: There's time for one last question. The final question comes from Srini Pajjuri from CLSA.
Srini Pajjuri - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Eric, one clarification and one question. On the OpEx guidance, you said 25% to 35%. I'm just wondering how much of that is cash versus noncash. And then my question is about the seasonality that you talked about for Q4. I mean, historically, it's been flat in Q4, but given the  [Audio Gap]  and also one of your customers is notorious for cleaning inventory in Q4. Does that change the seasonality at all going forward?
Eric Brandt: So let's see. On OpEx, first of all, I guess to get to your question, you're asking about stock-based comp. Stock-based comp should be down $5 million or $6 million in the quarter. And so, when I said about half of that relates to the design and development, that's actually on a cash basis. So that gives you a sense of the magnitude of new products and tape outs coming out of the company in Q3. In terms of Q4, again, I don't want to provide guidance. We normally see again whatever is normal because the standard deviation is pretty wide or flat about Q4. We have had that customer that you're describing for certainly a couple of years as a large customer of ours, and we understand their strategy. So that would account for that just from the averages, overall.
Operator: Gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back to Scott McGregor for closing comments.
Scott McGregor: I like to leave you with a few thoughts today. Broadcom had a great Q2. We've grown faster than the industry. We've gained market share in both our core and our emerging businesses. We've significantly improved our operating profitability, and we've returned capital to the shareholders. And we're looking forward to additional market share expansion and profitable growth in the second half of 2010.  Thanks for joining us today, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in Broadcom's Second Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. This concludes the conference for today. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-28 16:45:00) =====
Executives: Peter Andrew  VP, Corporate Communications Scott McGregor  President & CEO Eric Brandt  EVP & CFO
Analysts: Tim Luke  Barclays Capital Craig Ellis  Caris & Company James Schneider  Goldman Sachs John Pitzer  Credit Suisse Glen Yeung  Citi Mahesh Sanganeria  RBC Capital Markets
 :
 : Sumit Dhanda  Banc of America Stephen Eliscu  UBS Craig Berger  FBR Capital Markets Mark Lipacis  Morgan Stanley Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein Daniel Amir  Lazard Capital Markets Alex Gauna  JMP Securities Mark McChesney [ph]  BrownPoint Securities [ph] Allan Mishan  Brigantine Advisors Shawn Webster  Macquarie Capital Raj Seth  Cowen & Company Arnab Chanda  ROTH Capital Partners Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Steve Smigie  Raymond James Emily Gessner  BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to Broadcoms first quarter 2010 financial results conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday, April 27th, 2010. Your speakers for today are Scott McGregor, Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer; Eric Brandt, Broadcom's Chief Financial Officer; and Peter Andrew, Vice President of Corporate Communications. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Peter Andrew. Mr. Andrew, you may begin.
Peter Andrew: Thank you, Christine. During this call, we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we provide on future revenue, gross margins, and operating expense targets for the second quarter of 2010 and any other future periods as well as statements about the prospects for our various businesses, potential market share, and the development status and planned availability of new products. You should note that the guidance we provide today is based upon forecasts that require us to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions using the information that is available to us at this time. It should be clearly understood that our actual performance and financial results may differ substantially from our forecasts and the other forward-looking statements we made today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results, including among other things general economic conditions, are discussed in the risk factors section of our 2009 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of today's earnings press release. As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements except as required by law. Please refer to the Investors section of our Website for additional historical, financial and statistical information, including the information required by SEC Regulation-G. In addition, we've placed a slide deck, which is available now in the Investors Relations section of our Website that incorporate additional tables and information regarding our future guidance, historical performance and segment operating income. With that, let me now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. Broadcom continues to execute and performed particularly well in the March quarter with substantially better results that we originally anticipated, driven by upside demand in several of our businesses. For the first quarter, we reported net revenue of $1.46 billion, which was up approximately 9% from our fourth quarter. Broadcoms quarterly revenue reached a record level for a second consecutive quarter and is up 71% from the trough quarter one year ago in Q1 2009. Sequential revenue growth in the quarter was broad-based, with particular strength in our enterprise and our mobile and wireless businesses, which were up 15% and 10% respectively. The solid upside in revenue was driven by new product ramps in each of our segments and continued strong demand from customers in Asia during the quarter. As a result of our strong cash flow from operations, Broadcoms cash position remained roughly flat despite the acquisition of Teknovus, issuing our first dividend and repurchasing over $150 million in stock. This result demonstrates our ability to pursue our strategic opportunities while at the same time returning capital to shareholders. In anticipation of some likely questions, orders remain strong, capacity is tight, but deliveries of our products continue to be within lead times. We believe we are shipping to underlying demand and are comfortable with our inventory levels and best-in-class inventory turns. We are clearly seeing the benefit from both improved global demand as well as the secular trend of increasing need for data, video and multimedia. Broadcoms focus remains to create outstanding communications and connectivity products that enable us to grow our market share. We have also been successful in generating profitable growth, as we committed on analyst day last December. Both our Q1 results and guidance for Q2 indicate substantially improved operating margins. I will now turn the call over to Eric for details on the first quarter results and our second quarter guidance.
Eric Brandt: Thanks, Scott. Starting with our financial overview, to summarize for Q1, total revenue of $1.46 billion including $1.4 billion in product revenue. Q1 total net revenue was up 71% from prior year and 9% from Q4 levels. Total gross margin decreased 60 basis points from Q4 to 52.5%. Product gross margin in Q1 decreased 40 basis points to 50.5% versus 50.9% in Q4. Q1 2010 GAAP R&D plus SG&A expense was $554 million compared to $481 million in Q4 of 09. Please recall that Q4 of 09 included a net recovery of legal expenses of $63 million. On a comparable basis, excluding this recovery, these expenses increased only $10 million over Q4. GAAP earnings per share for Q1 were $0.40 per share compared to a First Call estimate of $0.28 per share. Stock-based compensation dropped to 8.7% of net revenue to approximately $127 million, and represented approximately $0.24 per diluted share. Cash flow from operations for Q1 was a strong $268 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance was flat sequentially at $2.4 billion at the end of the quarter despite $154 million in share repurchases, our initial dividend payout of $40 million, and a $117 million used primarily for the acquisition of Teknovus. Moving to revenue and gross margin. During Februarys conference call, we said we expected Q1 total net revenue to be flat to up 5% relative to Q4. What occurred in Q1 was that Broadcom generated stronger product revenue growth, thus the total revenue was $1.46 billion. This was up 71% from Q1 of 2009. Our broadband communication segment, or solutions for the home, came in line with our expectations with growth of 3% in Q4. This primarily resulted from an increase in demand for digital set-top boxes and broadband access equipment. In the mobile and wireless segment, or solutions for the hand, we experienced a revenue increase of 10% compared to Q4. This primarily resulted from the continued ramp of our cellular products and wireless combo chips. Our enterprise networking segment, or solutions for infrastructure, came in significantly stronger than we had anticipated, with a sequential revenue increase of 15% compared to Q4. This was driven principally by the continued improvement in customer order patterns in the Ethernet switching area. Our Q1 GAAP product gross margin decreased only 40 basis points to 50.5%, down from 50.9% in Q4. This reduction was due to lower non-standard cost benefits and the costs related to the Dune and Teknovus acquisition. The 40 basis points decline was better than the 100 basis points decline in guidance provided during our conference call in February due to favorable mix during the quarter. Moving to operating expenses, operating expenses were broadly in line with expectations. Total R&D and SG&A expenses for Q1 were up $10 million from Q4 levels excluding the non-recurring D&O insurance receipt of $63 million in Q4. The increase was primarily related to an increase in headcount due to our acquisitions of Dune and Teknovus and other employee cost adjustments from our annual compensation review process and Q1 fringe accounting step-up, which reduces across the year, but seasonal spending on key trade shows. Stock-based compensation was 8.7% of net revenue, down roughly 600 basis points year-over-year. As disclosed in our 8-K in February, our annual equity granting has reached the level such that we now expect we will reach our target of market value of transfer of approximately 5% of revenue in 2010, roughly a year ahead of the plan we outlined in our 2008 Analyst Day. Moving to the balance sheet, as I mentioned earlier, total cash and marketable securities were $2.4 billion as we generated positive cash flow from operations of $268 million. We repurchased approximately 5 million shares of stock in the quarter at an average price of roughly $30 per share as part of our ongoing goal to offset dilution associated with our annual equity grant. Our inventory turns came in roughly flat at 6.9 times, primarily as a result of the companys decision to build inventory in a period of tight capacity and meet potential upside demand we saw beginning back in Q4. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding increased slightly to 38 days in Q1. On Analyst Day in December, we committed to growing operating expenses substantially slower than revenue while we were below our operating margin of 15% to 17% on a GAAP product basis. We remained focused on this target. Digging a bit deeper into todays Q1 results and Q2 guidance, you can see we are already at our target for product operating margin net of acquisition and one-time costs, but simply have to wait for some of the legacy option grants to work their way through the numbers. Moving to guidance, we currently expect net revenue in Q2 to be up approximately 5% to 12% relative to Q1 for a total net revenue range of $1.535 billion to $1.635 billion, which at the midpoint would be up over 50% versus Q2 a year ago. We anticipate healthy sequential growth in our broadband and mobile and wireless segments, and the enterprise networking segment sales are expected to be roughly flat. We expect Q2 product gross margin to remain roughly flat relative to Q1. With respect to R&D and SG&A expenses in Q2, we expect these expenses to increase by approximately $20 million to $25 million, which based on a strong revenue growth is consistent with our margin improvement goal. Expense growth will be driven principally by employee cost adjustments from our annual compensation review process, recent acquisitions and hires and an increase in legal spending activity delayed from Q1 and Q2. Design and development costs are anticipated to be roughly flat. And now, I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor:
 : We expect IP set-top boxes to be one of our faster growing markets this year, with Broadcom-based IP set-top boxes shipping in volume to multiple top tier carriers throughout the year. We also welcomed the recent legislative changes in China, allowing cable operators to offer voice and data services along with a nationwide push to increase HD broadcasting throughout China, resulting in a significant increase in orders for HD set-top box chipsets from Chinese customers.
 : Moving to infrastructure, Broadcoms enterprise networking business delivered the highest sequential growth rate in the first quarter at approximately 15%, with record sales of switches and strong growth in controllers. We continue to see strength in our core organic portfolio from new product adoption and dramatic increases in service provider sales due to broadband and network infrastructure upgrades and rollouts. As Eric mentioned, we expect networking sales to be roughly flat in the second quarter, with 10-Gigabit product demand likely to increase throughout 2010 from increased adoption by enterprise and data center customers. With respect to our recent acquisitions, we completed Teknovus during the first quarter and are beginning to see the benefits from Dune, which we completed in December of last year. These two companies have strong product and marketing teams. The integration activities have gone well and we are pleased with the customer traction to date. Moving to our hand platform, within our mobile and wireless business, Broadcom experienced double-digit sequential revenue growth with particular strength in cellular baseband and wireless LAN. Within the cellular baseband market, we are pleased with both the growth and diversity of shipments in our current Tier 1 customers, Samsung and Nokia. We now have many popular models available with carriers around the world putting the first mobile handsets in the United States. While the majority of units use our single-chip EDGE solutions, 3G has become a significant percentage of the mix in both units and revenues. In Q1, sales growth was driven largely by ramping 3G shipments and resulted in our chips at ASP increasing on a sequential basis. This quarter, we also announced the availability of our new HSPA baseband chipset designed to address the smart phone market. Within our wireless connectivity markets, wireless compass solutions continue to do exceptionally well, with our solutions shipping to five of the top six cellular handset manufacturers. The rollout of our industry-leading products continued in the quarter, with shipments of our BCM2075, which is a Bluetooth FM and GPS combo device shipping to Tier 1 handset OEMs. Broadcom is particularly pleased with our performance throughout our wireless LAN portfolio. We have strong revenue growth in each of our wireless LAN market segments and expect significant sales and market share gains again in the June quarter. We believe the market will continue to grow for our wireless connectivity solutions. Examples include wireless LAN and cellular handsets, printers, TVs and Blu-ray, Bluetooth in tablets, TV remote controllers in the automotive market, and GPS chips into cellular handsets, tablets, net books, notebooks, and digital cameras. We expect that our GPS business will be one of our largest percentage growth drivers this year. Finally, in the rapidly evolving tablet market, we are seeing strong interest in our tablet reference design, which includes our application processor, running Android, and our wireless connectivity chips. Our tablet solutions are already shipping to multiple carriers. In summary, we believe our communications and connectivity products are well positioned to benefit from improved global demand and increased penetration in mobile and home devices. Cutting-edge products in rapidly growing markets, combined with a strong free cash flow generation model are the engines for Broadcoms continued success. Broadcoms operating strategy for 2010 remains unchanged. We are focused on gaining market share, while manage operating results to our target financial model. This concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready for your questions. Christine, may we have the first question, please?
Operator: (Operator instructions) The first question comes from Tim Luke from Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Tim Luke  Barclays Capital: Thank you so much. Just Eric, I was wondering, with respect to your strong guide, could you give some color on some of the framework for the gross margins as you move through the year? You are obviously raising the revenue expectation there for June, but with a flattish gross margin, is that much or is it just a reflection of the mix with the enterprise being flat and how do you see that shaping through the year? Thank you.
Eric Brandt: So, yes, enterprise is flat and you can see the mobile and wireless segment and the broadband segment will be the stronger growers in Q2. I think that we are seeing a benefit certainly in the gross margins of our products as we continue to ramp 65 nanometer products and reduce cost. We dont provide guidance much beyond that, certainly as we ramp into part of the year which has more consumer products, those products tend to have somewhat lower gross margin. But overall, I think we are quite pleased that our gross margin is operating within our targeted model.
Tim Luke  Barclays Capital: And if I may, just a follow-up for Scott, with the traction that you are seeing in your baseband business, could you just expand on baseband on what you are seeing in terms of mix? It sounded like you are seeing more 3G with Samsung, could you give us a sense of what we might expect in terms of the traction with Nokia when potentially you might see a 3G there and I believe there is a new architecture coming, and if you could give us a sense of what the timeline maybe for that? Thank you.
Scott McGregor: Good, I am happy to help. We are definitely seeing an increased mix towards 3G and 3G is definitely ramping, and as I said in my earlier remarks, its becoming a significant part of our business and we expect that to continue. We are beginning to ramp with Nokia, but I am afraid, I cant really give you any more color there. As their new products come out, and as teardowns become available, we can comment more, but again to protect the privacy of our customers, we are not going to say much more on that, until those products start rolling out.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Ellis from Caris & Company. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis  Caris & Company: Thank you. Scott, you are seeing kind of strong connectivity bundling with the baseband solutions last year, are you continuing to see that and is there any difference on the EDGE product versus the 3G product?
Scott McGregor: We are seeing a strong bundling. Generally when we get a baseband win, we usually see connectivity wins as well. In the lower end 2G space, we dont typically see much of the wireless LAN content and more likely to include Bluetooth and FM or Bluetooth, FM and GPS, one of our new products rolling out, a little less on the wireless LAN side, but overall, w are seeing the amount of connectivity increase in penetration and phones, and I think thats going to be a trend over the next few years. And the biggest, I think drivers to our overall revenue are going to be the expansion of wireless LAN beyond just smart phones into the future phones. And GPS is really making a broad penetration there, and that underlies one of my comments earlier that we expect GPS to be on a percentage basis, one of our fastest growing products.
Operator: (Operator instructions) The next question comes from James Schneider from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Schneider  Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon and thanks for taking the question. I guess many of your peers have talked about increased visibility in terms of longer dated visibility, in terms of the order book. Is that consistent with what you are seeing and to the extent you can comment, in which of your three end markets do you think you have seen biggest potential upside going forward?
Scott McGregor: I think due to supply tightness in our industry, we are seeing customers place orders earlier than they would have been in normal times. So, we are seeing some acceleration of orders. So, from a histogram point of view, they come in earlier. That gives us a little more visibility perhaps, but again, I would attribute that to tightness in the industry supply overall.
Operator: The next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.  
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse: Yes, congratulations. Thanks for letting me ask the questions. Scott, just relative to the enterprise guidance of flat for the June quarter, can you help me put that into context, is that what you would consider normal seasonality, is that a digestion after a very strong March quarter and do you expect re-acceleration after that or just help me understand how I should think about that?
Scott McGregor: Enterprise is normally strong in the first quarter or the second quarter. Its first half generally when we see seasonal strength in that business, it also had exceptionally strong growth in the last two quarters, and so, its a combination of those things. We believe that business remains very strong, great design win traction there and we are very pleased with how that business is done in the last couple of quarters.
Operator: The next question comes from Glen Yeung from Citi. Please go ahead.
Glen Yeung  Citi: Thanks. You have now set record revenues for the past couple of quarters, and I wondered if you thought about how much of that is derived from you being in new markets or with new products as far as how much of that and some of your existing businesses returning to prior highs. And then I wonder if you could also actually see these revenue ramps substantially, can I compare that to what you saw in 2000 in terms of how your customers are acting towards, you would say, and let us know if you see any similar variance or differences to them?
Scott McGregor: 2000 was a long time ago, so probably its hard to draw inferences there. We have completely different set of customers and so forth. I think you question in terms of whats driving the growth, I think its a combination of things. I think its a combination of the market coming back a bit. Certainly it was very depressed last year with the economy being down and economy seems to be improving and people are certainly buying more products. But I think its really more than that. Broadcom has invested in number of areas that are giving us growth here; the cellular baseband area for example is really taking market share coming from a small position there. In our broadband business, we are getting into Blu-ray players and digital TV. Those are new markets for us, IP set-top box new market for us where we are taking share there. And I think also in the enterprise space, moving into 10-Gig and other things, we have got an opportunity to have some Greenfield growth there. So, I would say, Broadcom is certainly benefiting from the overall economic recovery, but its a lot more than that with growth in a lot of new product areas and ramping with a lot of new customers. 
Peter Andrew: Hi Glen, this is Peter. One other comment there is if you take a look at it, its not just the new areas that are driving our growth. If you take a look at broadband and the enterprise networking space, those are also areas that are hitting record high revenue levels at this time. So, its growth coming mainly from new areas but also the core.
Scott McGregor: Which by the way is consistent with our objective as a company to outgrow the market. We believe we have outgrown the market in Q1, and our guidance would have a sales growth of market in Q2, and thats how we get rewarded. So, we think its not just a return to the patterns of the existing products, which will be similar for the rest of the industry, but its actually physically gaining market share.
Operator: The next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mahesh Sanganeria  RBC Capital Markets: Thank you very much. Scott, you mentioned about the 10-gigabit, is that a controller or the switch or both?
Scott McGregor: Its both; we have a range of products there. We have got some really leading-edge engine switches that we have just announced that we think are going to be really competitive in that space going to 40-nanometers. We have also got a number of new controller products and so really a combination of the two.
Mahesh Sanganeria  RBC Capital Markets: And how is the competitive landscape on the controller side, but Intel is obligating a little aggressive on that market.
Scott McGregor: Thats a competitive marketplace, but I think we have produced the new competitive products in that space, and I think we are holding our own, especially in the service space.
Operator:
 :
 :
Adam Benjamin  Jefferies & Company :
Eric Brandt: So, you could see broadband year-over-year and the Q should be out any minute now, but you will be able to  you can see it in the press release as well, but theres a date on the Website. That broadband has improved year-over-year significantly, revenue was up about 46% and operating margins up from about 3% or 5% a year ago to that 18%, and thats a product of two things. Improvement in gross margin although not as much as we think we can actually achieve overtime as we transition to the next generation of products as well as the benefit of the revenue spread across the R&D spend that broadband has, particularly due to the pickup that they had at the end of 08 into 09 with the digital PV business. So, good R&D efficiencies and a pickup in gross margin. In the case of mobile and wireless, it goes from about a negative 11, I think to about 11 or positive 13, with revenue up about 80%, 85% year-over-year. Again, good strength, ramp in the cellular business, coverage of R&D in the cellular side that we didnt have before as well as improvement in gross margin, both on the wireless connectivity side of the house as well as on the mobile side of the house, as Scott mentioned, as our mix in 3G continues to improve, and we see some pickup in the aggregate ASP of our cellular chips. With respect to the enterprise space, you raised a good point. I mean, the margin is up from about, revenue is up about 85% as well and margins up from about 19% to 38%. I dont know that, that business runs at 38%, I think that the revenue has extraordinarily well and there will be some pickup on the R&D side of the house as we run our business. I think if we harking back to what we said in the past which is that you go back to the old non-GAAP model, thats the way we will run our business and thats what we are trying to manage to in terms of the infrastructure we put in place to drive long-term growth and be effective in the way we run our business. So, you can see that we got there probably a year ahead of what we had anticipated and many of you had anticipated, and we expect to sort of stabilize those two to drive value across our business portfolio.
Operator:
 :
Harlan Sur  JP Morgan: Hi, good afternoon and thank you for taking my question. Within your networking segment, this is on the switch side, as you mentioned 10-gigabit of Ethernet upgrade has been a solid geography of business over the last couple of quarters and going forward, question for you Scott, is where are we in that transition, 20% to 30% of delays through the upgrade cycle. And then kind of on a similar note, it looks like the book of your business with your Asia base networking equipment customers like Huawei for example is picking up here heading into the second quarter, maybe some color on whats driving the pickup there with those set of customers?
Scott McGregor: Harlan, a couple of things. I think the 10-Gig transaction is in very early days, its like first inning in baseball, because a lot of that was deployed; lot of installed infrastructure is 1-Gig. There is another important phenomenon going on which is the amount of bandwidth that people are consuming is just really going up a lot. I dont think you can open a web page these days without some video playing in the corner and some animations going on, and people are really trying to use a lot of this social networking devices to get excess video content. So, I think thats going to drive a lot of bandwidth overall. So, I think its early in the transition to 10-Gig and I think the overall switch market worldwide is going to pickup overtime to supply the demand for all video and data thats being consumed.
Harlan Sur  JP Morgan: And then the question about the pickup with your Asia base networking customers?
Scott McGregor: Yes, we are definitely seeing a large deployment in Asia and I think its a combination of things. I think its China in particular doing very large deployments of both 3G and the mobile side, but also deploying broadband access to a large number of communities, which generates the lot of need for switches to aggregate a lot of that data. But its also other countries as well in the whole Asia region. I think just really trying to deploy broadband to their consumers and finding out that once they do that, they consume a lot of bandwidth. So, they need to put the switches in place to cover that. We are also seeing a pickup in the corporate side where the corporate IT data centers are starting to use more 10-Gig switches, and we think that will be a driver for us over the course of the next year or two.
Operator: The next question comes from Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America. Please go ahead.
Sumit Dhanda  Banc of America: Yes, hi Eric, on the delayed legal expense and the pickup into Q2, do you have any more visibility on when that particular line on the P&L would be down to stable lower residual level?
Eric Brandt: We are quite pleased with the favorability we have seen into Q1. I think legal was outperformed probably our guidance by about $10 million in Q1, and the pickup we see in Q2 is less than that. There is one sort of open item left for us which relates to the derivative action and we moved to dismiss that. We will see how that plays out. Beyond that, the only other thing of significance was continue to bump along our patent, of significant patent suits to again serve and again (inaudible). But I would expect that once we stood out where the last piece of the options matter goes, then we will start to get to a more normal level, but we just dont have an answer to that. I believe that the hearing for that is the end of Q2, beginning of Q3.
Sumit Dhanda  Banc of America: Okay. And could you size that residual options expense, options ?
Eric Brandt: I think what we have said is the line on that, that line that we provide in the disclosure which is run as high as 45ish million dollars, could get down to 20 or 25, and this quarter, you can see us getting close to that level. So, I suspect that once we start through that, thats a more normative level, but we will provide more information on that as time goes on.
Operator: The next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS. Please go ahead.
Stephen Eliscu  UBS: Yes, thank you guys. This is Steve calling on behalf of Uche. First question regarding the broadband business, in terms of your Blu-ray player and also digital TV SOC businesses, is it safe to assume that the gross as far as seasonal declines in Q1 and if so what is the expectation for Q2 in terms of just relative growth for Q2?
Scott McGregor: We dont guide individual businesses, but we believe those businesses certainly see strong seasonality in the third and fourth quarters, especially in the third quarter, to some extent the second quarter, and we would expect them to benefit not only from seasonal trends, but also from the fact that we are winning a lot of new designs and we expect to take market share.
Stephen Eliscu  UBS: Okay. And follow-up question to that, in terms of the competitive landscape for both of those businesses, how is that currently and do you see the continued evolution of the feature set for those products being a benefit to overall pricing and margins for their business, or do you see the competitive landscape as being quite strong at this point as well?
Scott McGregor: I think what Broadcom has done in both of those areas has really changed the game. Instead of doing just TV or just Blu-ray chips, we do all the things we normally do, we just create a single integrated SOC, we have also added a lot of other capabilities such as internet access directly on the chip, including switch, including a lot of the processor capabilities, all within the chip to do those kind of things. In Blu-ray we have integrated front-end and backend complete SOC here. We will continue to add additional features in TV. I think the move to some of the high refresh TVs to get things like 3D capability in. In addition to the Internet connectivity and those are things we will do in single chips and a lot of our competitors having to do that with chipsets and far more expensive solutions. So, it enables us to get a premium in the market. And thats sort of what we do at Broadcom. And we will apply that in the consumer space in TV and Blu-ray as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Berger from FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Craig Berger  FBR Capital Markets: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. The first one is just given the substantial strength seen in the first half, how should we be thinking about second half relative to typical seasonality, and is this strength sustainable? And then I have a follow-up.
Eric Brandt: We dont guide generally past one quarter, so we are guiding the second quarter and we are seeing incredible strength, I think was what we gave in our guidance there. We will see how the market develops, we will see how the economy develops, but overall, we believe over the course of the year, we have got some good growth drivers in our business, we are taking share, we got some very good products.
Scott McGregor: Yes, I will just comment, Craig, Q1 normal seasonality is down 5.5, we were up 9. So, you are talking about 14.5 points swing on seasonality in Q1, and then with what looks pretty close to normal seasonality in Q2, I dont know what normal is, I mean, my guess would be more muted seasonal in the back half of the year, but we just dont know at this point in time. I think we are quite pleased with the Q1 results and really pleased that we are actually able to see the strength that we are seeing going into Q2.
Craig Berger  FBR Capital Markets: Hi Thanks and then the follow-up is can you just help us understand given maybe the growth in combo chips and cellular kind of maybe what your top four biggest product groups are?
Scott McGregor: You mean product groups in terms of size?
Craig Berger  FBR Capital Markets: Yes.
Scott McGregor: Or growth or, sorry I am not sure 
Craig Berger  FBR Capital Markets: Just in terms of absolute revenue contribution, I know you guys dont break out the groups, subgroups separately, but just kind of a rank order of what may be the biggest three to five groups are in terms of revenues?
Scott McGregor: Rank order, as you said, we dont break out the groups. But certainly some of our largest businesses are in the combo space. In fact, I will tell you a couple of facts, the 4325 chip, which is our Bluetooth FM wireless LAN chip was our number one seller, highest volume shipped in Q1, and its successor the 4329 will be our highest volume chip probably in this quarter. So, very, very good strength there. Certainly, our set-top box business is quite large; our cellular business is ramping nicely. The switch business, not only is that a solid business, but again had very, very strong growth in the first quarter. So, those are some of our largest businesses.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Lipacis from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Mark Lipacis  Morgan Stanley: Thanks for taking my question. On the networking business, did you give a rough or can you give us a rough idea about how that business has split between telco versus enterprise type equipment, whether one of those markets drove the upside relative to the other one?
Peter Andrew: Yes, if you take a look at, Mark, this is Peter. If you look at the rough mix between enterprise and service provider, I would say service provider is quickly approaching 50% of our total switching business, and a lot of that has been driven by growth in Asia markets.
Mark Lipacis  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Fair enough. And follow-up is on the Wi-Fi business, Scott, I think you mentioned, correct me if I am wrong, I think you mentioned that you expect to continue share gains. Is that a comment on the PC client business or was that we referring to Bluetooth Wi-Fi. Thank you.
Scott McGregor: Thats a comment on the overall wireless LAN business. Basically using the numbers that we reported, and our guidance and using competitor numbers reported and their guidance, and so, we expect a gain share on that base.
Eric Brandt: Yes, we are not double-counting the Bluetooth on top of that. We are looking strictly at Wi-Fi versus Wi-Fi. Thats your question.
Operator:
 :
Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. Question on the enterprise networking guidance, so you have guided flat, but you closed Teknovus at the end of Q1, which implies to me that the Teknovus revenue would be in Q2. Does that actually imply that without Teknovus, you are sort of guiding enterprise network not even far but maybe even down a little bit, and with an overall, and on top of that, with an overall revenue growth at the end midpoint of about 8% or so next quarter, can you give me some feeling for within the other businesses, do you expect like mobile, wireless to grow significantly more for instance than the broadband communications in order to reach that 8% total growth of the business in an area where the enterprise networking is flatter, maybe a little bit down?
Scott McGregor: So, Stacy, let me just start with the enterprise piece  with and without Teknovus would not change the guidance. Without Teknovus does not mean that we are guiding down, we are still guiding roughly flat. But you are talking about $400 million in revenue in the enterprise business for an acquisition which represents single-digit millions of dollars. So, its not moving the needle all a lot. In terms of the relative growth between the two segments, we said growth between the two. I think there will be pretty good strength in both broadband sequentially as well as in the mobile and wireless space. And depending on ramps and some of the combo chips, there may be some relative growth strength in the mobile and wireless space relative to broadband, but I think you will be pleased with the broadband results if you do the math in terms of flat and up and up.
Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein: Got it, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Daniel Amir from Lazard Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Daniel Amir  Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. Can you give us a bit of info with regard to the line shrinkage to 40 X node to kind of which products that you are focused on where should we see kind of the mix here by the end of the year? Thanks.
Scott McGregor: In terms of mix by the end of the year, you should expect us to be predominantly in 65-nanometer through the year. Now, that being said, we are taping out very large numbers of 40-nanometer products, and we have already started to sample a number of 40-nanometer products. I think you will find them across all of our businesses in the networking business. Its important to do that simply to be able to get the number of ports and the absolute switch capacity, which is driving us the smaller feature size such as 40-nanometer. I think in the broadband space, we are able to really continue our integration roadmap there and get some additional cost benefits. And certainly in the mobile and wireless space, you get pickups in power savings and smaller dies, which benefit as well. So, I would assume that 65-nanometer will be about 50% of our business at the end of this year. 40-nanometer is still very small, beginning to ramp a little bit at the end of the year, more of a next year phenomenon will start to see some pickup in 40.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Gauna from JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Alex Gauna  JMP Securities: Thank you for taking my questions. Scott, you mentioned taking share in IP TV set-top boxes, and I was wondering if you could give us an idea by what metrics you are winning? Is it because of the SOC solutions, is it because some of your capabilities in terms of integrating the MoCA or the Wi-Fi capabilities, maybe a little color around whats driving your success in IP TV and perhaps also how average selling prices or opportunity compares to other set-top box categories.
Scott McGregor: So, in terms of why we win in IP TV, I think we have got a lot of things going for us there. We have got a fully integrated SOCs that includes things like MoCA. We have great connections to as you said wireless LAN, but also all the other forms of connectivity that Broadcom offers. We are able to create a very complete and compelling solution. So, on that basis, we have got quite a few design wins, we have got good backlog from those design wins and we expect to be shipping in pretty good volume here.
Alex Gauna  JMP Securities: And as you mentioned, North America being one of the areas. Is North America the largest market or is Asia right now on the IP TV set-top box front?
Scott McGregor: I think its North America, Asia, but its also Europe. We have got good design wins there as well. So, I think we have got very good position with customers thats most cooperative today.
Alex Gauna  JMP Securities: Okay, thank you. Congratulations, nice quarter.
Scott McGregor: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark McChesney [ph] from BrownPoint Securities [ph]. Please go ahead.
Mark McChesney  BrownPoint Securities: Great, thanks for getting me and so again, congrats on the quarter. Two really quickies, one you talk about tight fab capacity, do you feel like you are leaving any business on the table. Seems like a strange question given the revenue levels, and then also could you comment on your margins in your baseband business? Thanks.
Eric Brandt: In terms of fab capacity, fabs are definitely full. We are able to supply to our customers when they order in normal lead times. So, that generally works out pretty well. We do have customers who order on very short notice with upsides they have and we do our best to deliver those. So, I would say I dont think we are leaving any business on the table in terms of normal or lead times, but we cant always fulfill short lead times that we have. In terms of baseband margins, we dont break those out in particular, but I think you will see in our Q, that will be available in a few minutes, that we do break out the business overall for our mobile and wireless business, and so, you can get a sense of it from there. You will notice that we ramped our baseband business significantly and had still very positive margins in that business. So, to give you a sense there that in terms of how they affect our overall business.
Scott McGregor: We have also seen a richer mix of 3G versus 2G in the quarter, which should also help.
Mark McChesney  BrownPoint Securities: Great, thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Allan Mishan from Brigantine. Please go ahead.
Allan Mishan  Brigantine Advisors: Hi guys. First, did you have any 10% customers during the quarter, and then second question on the consumer part of the business, looking at broadband up 3%, and then the two biggest pieces set-top and broadband access being up double digits, does that mean that consumer was down 30% or so and if so was that completely seasonal or was there any market share shifts that we need to worry about?
Eric Brandt: On the 10% customers, we only disclose that once a year. I will make a general comment which is that if you look at our overall customer concentration in the Top 5 and Top 10, its not moving meaningfully in one direction or another. So, relatively constant across our top customers.
Scott McGregor: In our consumer business, the question you asked, it was seasonal-related things, not market share.
Eric Brandt: Christine?
Operator: Yes, thank you. The next question comes from Shawn Webster from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Shawn Webster  Macquarie Capital: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Scott, you mentioned your gaining share in growing with the market, can you give us an update or maybe your assessment on how much inventory restocking is still happening and are most of your end markets are positioned inventory levels or can you highlight those which are still below normal? And I have a follow-up.
Scott McGregor: I think we have been talking about inventory restocking now for quite a few quarters, and thats whats going on. I think its really demand. We talk with a lot of our customers and try to assess, is there inventory building in some huge warehouse somewhere, and we cant find it. So, we believe that there is a pretty good sell-through to end users as far as we can see with our customers. So, I dont feel that there is any particular inventory factors going on right now.
Shawn Webster  Macquarie Capital: Okay, so inventory levels overall what you would say are normal?
Scott McGregor: And our inventories, our sales are running at about 7 turns, 6.9 I think for Q1. So, thats within our target range. So, we are comfortable with our own inventories as well.
Shawn Webster  Macquarie Capital: Okay, and then on the capacity front, is the tightness getting more tight or is it getting better and then could I have or could we get some guidance on tax rates for the rest of the year?
Scott McGregor: Thats a lot of questions. Okay. In terms of fab capacity, I wouldnt say there is any particular tightness increasing or decreasing on that. I think it is fairly tight. Customers certainly want additional product, but also our foundry partners are adding capacity. I think one thing thats good about Broadcom is that we do multi-source our products into multiple fabs and fill it, tight it at one particular foundry. If they are not able to give us what we are looking for, we will shift share to other foundries who can maybe help us better. And so, that gives us the ability to balance that.
Eric Brandt: Yes, on the tax rate, I mean, I think you can look at the GAAP tax rate. Its relatively low and I dont think it changes a whole lot in the near future. Your non-GAAP (inaudible) to use 10% and I dont think we have any change to that at all.
Operator: The next question comes from Raj Seth from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Raj Seth  Cowen & Company: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Scott, quick one for you, you mentioned tablet reference design based on your app processors running in, I am curious while I know it isnt a focus today, is the power envelope of those processors such that you might be able to, if you wanted to move those into handset applications with discreet basebands? Thanks.
Scott McGregor: We certainly have that capability and the power characteristics of those processors would certainly fit that. Remember that in our baseband chips for cell phones, we do include application processors. So, for example, the smart feature phones and some of the low-end smart phones, there are customers that are shipping using integrated applications plus integrated with the baseband. So, absolutely, we have that capability. In the tablet space, a lot of these tablets of course are battery powered. So, have a lot of the same needs in requirements of the cell phone market where the largest power consuming aspects of the devices are the display of course, but then also the processors, and so they are very sensitive to that. But we are shipping today, as I mentioned before, with carriers, our first one was NTT DOCOMO, and we expect to have others announced shortly.
Raj Seth  Cowen & Company: And I know your current focus is on the smart feature phones with the integrated, as you point out, integrated baseband app processors, is there a real market for you do you think overtime for discrete app processors in phones or no?
Scott McGregor: We are certainly looking at it. I think our focus has been to win volume designs initially with the Top 2 cellular customers, Nokia and Samsung. We certainly have the ability to do stand-alone application processors and we continue to look at that and we dont pre-announce products, but dont be surprised that we do something there someday.
Operator: The next question comes from Arnab Chanda from ROTH Capital Partners. Please go ahead.
Arnab Chanda  ROTH Capital Partners: Thank you. Couple of questions. The first one, either for Scott, Peter, or Eric, do you look at your Bluetooth business, whether in the sort of handset area versus the PC area, can you give us a qualitative idea about how much of that business you think is combo with Wi-Fi and how much kind of where you see that sort of share moving to overtime?
Eric Brandt: So, Arnab, its Eric, I am trying to do this off the top of my head. I mean, as Scott mentioned, our largest selling chip is the 4325, which is a Bluetooth Wi-Fi chip. I will tell you that our second largest selling chip is the Bluetooth FM chip. Those chips principally are sold into handset devices wherein to tablet type devices. Into PCs, we tend to sell combo cards, daughter cards. So, most of what we are selling right now is either a double-play or triple-play card for Bluetooth. And I think as we think about it and as we sell the triple-play cards and we allocate revenue across them, you are just picking up that additional Wi-Fi ASP in the card. So, thats basically how it breaks out.
Arnab Chanda  ROTH Capital Partners: Thank you. And then I have a question kind of a little bit bigger picture, it seems like as far as I can tell, you are actually at an all-time high in operating margins in probably the last 10 years. Since the bubble, you are getting, you know, your mobile wireless business is obviously not mature in terms of margin and you are actually still increasing gross margins while your mix probably a little bit worse in Q2. So, I mean, can you talk a little bit about maybe not an exact number, of what do we think there is still opportunity for growth in operating margin expansion as your kind of revenues grow? I am not looking for a particular timeframe sort of, I think 24.5 [ph] of your peak before this, so I am just curious with the changes you have made, what can happen there. Thank you.
Scott McGregor: I think one of the things you need to factor in, we have got very good performance now in a number of our businesses, but cellular still hasnt hit its stride. And so, as we continue to grow in cellular, you are going to see a contribution of the corporate operating margin as a result of cellular. We havent reached target profitability by any means in that group. And so, definitely opportunity for increasing the total there.
Eric Brandt: I think broadly speaking, Arnab, you make a good point that, that we have hit pretty high operating margins again assuming you are a non-GAAP person. I think as a company that happens to us as revenue accelerates the way it has accelerated from last year to this year with up 70% [ph] this quarter, and as I mentioned in my commentary potentially up 50%. And so, there is a little bit of a revenue overshoot as we manage our business and we look to gain market share, we try to operate within a gross margin as we described and in that range, and I think there will be some increase on the R&D side. But as Scott mentioned, there is room certainly on the mobile and wireless side to improve margins. And I think also on the broadband side quite frankly, as they continue to grow and improve the gross margins of their business. But having said that, I dont think our operating model has changed. We are really trying to drive this business to 15% to 17% GAAP operating model on a product basis plus the licensing benefits you are getting overtime.
Operator: The next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Hi guys, congrats on the results. Just a couple of questions on the cellular side of things, you mentioned that your ASPs trended up mainly because of mix I assume with 3G, can you talk about any change in the competitive landscape and any pricing dynamics that you see within either EDGE or 3G?
Scott McGregor: I would say those pricing dynamics are pretty much as we expected. I think you may be referring to what some other people are talking about pricing dynamics and we may be part of the reason they are seeing in pricing dynamics, but for us, we are seeing increasing ASPs with a richer 3G mix and increasing volume, both on 3G and 2G.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: And as I look for the full year, with 3G ramping as fast as you said it now is, would you think for the full year EDGE or 3G would be a bigger part of your cellular revenues?
Scott McGregor: I think for the full year, its still going to be EDGE, because while we are seeing strong 3G ramp, for example, at Samsung, Nokia will begin to kick in I think with higher volume and that will probably keep the majority at EDGE.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) The next question comes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Steve Smigie  Raymond James: Great, thanks. Just turning to the Wi-Fi spacing a little bit, can you  you mentioned several consumer product categories that you have got into such as TV Blu-ray etcetera, are those primarily the categories where you see opportunity or are there other consumer products out there outside of the handset where you see growth opportunities?
Scott McGregor: In wireless LAN, we really see that going into a lot of devices. I think people have realized that wireless LAN is a cost-effective way to put very high bandwidth between devices. So, any device that has to do with video is going to use that, whether its remote cameras, or whether its a camera just looking for a fast way to move things over  move it to a CD for example, move a picture to a TV, certainly in Blu-ray for transferring things, I think within the home, wireless LAN is getting enough bandwidth headroom to be able to transmit video around the house, and I think thats going to make a big difference there. We are also seeing access point just to go into a lot more commercial establishments, fast food, restaurants, all that kind of things that are beginning to put wireless LAN access points in and I think thats going to really drive the interest in tablets in addition to PCs where you will browse either on your smart phone or on your tablets, a lot of these establishments. So, I think there is a lot going on there. I think its fairly broad-based. Its not clear your refrigerator needs a wireless LAN yet, but I think we are probably headed towards appliances generally including things like wireless LAN for connectivity.
Operator: The next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Emily Gessner  BMO Capital Markets: Hi, this is Emily calling in Ambrish. I was wondering if you could talk about the absolute dollar increase you saw on the balance sheet in the quarter, and do you think you have reached the required level or do you feel you need to build more, and particularly how much is in stage for this lead time?
Scott McGregor: I assume your question relates to working capital, is that correct?
Emily Gessner  BMO Capital Markets: Just the overall inventory balance, yes, in absolute dollars.
Scott McGregor: Okay. So, we are at 7 turns, or 6.9, but as I mentioned we typically run our business between 7 and 8 turns. We took it down closer to 7, quite frankly coming out of Q4, because we saw meaningful upsides for Q1 and wanted to make sure we were prepared for the Q1 upside and the Q2 upside. Plus or minus how revenue moves, I suspect that inventory will move at the same rate revenue moves, maybe a little less, maybe a little more, but it will probably move with revenue as we are in this period of tight capacity and having that capacity fairly valuable to our customers.
Emily Gessner  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. And then as a follow-up, on the wireless handset side, excluding connectivity in the third quarter, you had hit the $100 million number, just wanted to see if you are back to that level or have you crossed it and then where you think you are going to end the year on a quarterly run rate basis?
Scott McGregor: I am afraid thats a little more information than we'd like to give out, but I can confirm that in our mobile platforms group, we are above $100 million, so hopefully that helps it.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the call back to Scott McGregor for closing remarks.
Scott McGregor: So, in closing, I would like to leave you with a couple of thoughts. Broadcom really had a great first quarter. We have grown faster than the industry; we significantly improved our operating leverage even faster than our plan. We begun returning capital to shareholders in the form of dividends and we are looking forward to additional market share expansion and profitable growth throughout 2010. So with that, thank you very much and have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you for participating in Broadcoms first quarter 2010 financial results conference call. This concludes the conference for today. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-04 04:45:00) =====
Executives:  Peter Andrew - VP, Corporate Communications Scott McGregor - President and CEO Eric Brandt - CFO 
Analysts:  Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Adam Benjamin - Jefferies Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Uche Orji - UBS Tim Luke - Barclays Capital Jim Schneider - Goldman Sachs Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest David Wong - Wells Fargo Allan Mishan - Brigantine Advisors Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research David Wu - GC Research Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Brian Blair - Wedge Partners
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom fourth quarter and year 2009 financial results conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, February 3, 2010. Your speakers for today are Scott McGregor, Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer, Eric Brandt Broadcom's Chief Financial Officer, and Peter Andrew, Vice President of Corporate communications. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Peter Andrew. Mr. Andrew, you may begin.
Peter Andrew: Thank you very much, Monica. During this call we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue, gross margin, and operating expense targets for the first quarter of 2010 and any other future periods as well as statements about prospect for our various businesses, potential market share, and the development status and planned availability of new products. You should know that the guidance we provide today is based upon forecasts that require us to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions using the information that is available to us at this time. It should be clearly understood that our actual performance and financial results may differ substantially from our forecasts and the other forward-looking statements we make today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results, including among other things general economic conditions, are discussed in the risk factors section of our 2009 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of today's earnings press release. As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement except as required by law. Please refer to the Investors Section of our website at www.broadcom.com for additional historical, financial and statistical information, including the information required by SEC Regulation-G. In addition, we've placed a slide deck, which is available now in the Investor section of our website that is on the right hand side of the page under the Q4 2009 Earning Information. For increased transparency we have incorporated additional tables and information regarding our future guidance, historical performance and the last three years of segment operating income. With that, let me now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. Broadcom continues to execute well in a difficult economy and executed particularly well in the fourth quarter with substantially better results than we originally anticipated, driven by upside demand in several of our businesses. For the fourth quarter, we reported net revenue of $1.34 billion, which is up over 7% from our third quarter. Broadcom's quarterly revenue reached a record level and is up 57% from the tough quarter in Q1 2009. Sequential revenue growth in the quarter was a result of overall strength in our broadband and enterprise businesses, which were up 14% and 18% respectively offset by an expected seasonal decline in our mobile and wireless business. The upside in revenue was driven by new product ramps, normal customer order patterns, and a better than expected holiday season along with strong demand from customers in Asia. Broadcom far surpassed our 2009 financial goals of gaining market share, while at the same time generating strong cash flow from operations. Broadcom's annual revenue declined approximately 4% year-over-year significantly better than the overall industry decline of 9 %. We generated $987 million in cash flow from operations in 2009, far surpassing our $300 million goal for the entire year and reached a record level for Broadcom, despite the difficult market environment entering the year. Broadcom's goal remains to create great products that enable us to grow our market share and deliver better than industry revenue growth. Broadcom has also been successful in generating strong sequential growth and operating margin leverage and is committed to returning to our financial model as outlined on our Analyst Day last December. We believe we can achieve all of these objectives while at the same time initiating return of capital through our investors and confidence in our business is the foundation for the announcement we made this afternoon to initiate a quarterly dividend. I will now turn the call over to Eric for details on the fourth quarter results and first quarter guidance.
Eric Brandt: Thanks, Scott. As Peter mentioned, please refer to the segment breakout data on the Investor Section of our website for additional financial information that will supplement my financial commentary. We have included data to reconcile product gross margin and operating expense as well as modified the presentation of our income statement to further breakout revenue and income related to our intellectual property licensing. Moving to the financial overview, to summarize for Q4, total revenue of $1.34 billion including $1.28 billion in product revenue. Q4 total net revenue was up approximately 19% from prior year and 7% from Q3 levels. Total gross margin improved 220 basis points to 53.1%. Product gross margin in Q4 increased 240 basis points to 50.9% versus 48.5% in Q3. Q4 2009 GAAP R&D plus SG&A expense was $481 million. This included a net recovery of legal expenses of $63 million. On a comparable basis, excluding this recovery, these expenses increased $10 million over Q3. Earnings per share for Q4 were $0.11. This includes approximately $0.33 per share negative impact associated with certain settlement costs, primarily related to our proposed class action settlement. It also includes $0.12 per share positive impact associated with the recovery of legal expenses discussed above. Excluding these non-recurring items, earnings per share were $0.32 compared to a first call consensus of $0.22. Stock-based compensation dropped to 9% of net revenue to approximately $121 million, and represented approximately $0.23 per diluted share. Cash flow from operations for Q4 was a record $332 million, or 25% of net revenue. Full year cash flow from operations was also a record of $987 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance was flat sequentially at $2.4 billion at the end of the quarter despite $215 million in share repurchases and a $166 million used primarily for the acquisition of Dune Networks. Moving to revenue and gross margin. In December at our Analyst Meeting, we said we expected Q4 total net revenue to increase approximately 5% sequentially over Q3. What occurred in Q4 was that Broadcom generated stronger total sequential net product revenue growth of approximately 7%, thus the total revenue of $1.34 billion. Our broadband communication segment, also known as solutions for the home, came in stronger than we had expected with growth in broadband cable modems and digital Set-Top box target markets. In the mobile and wireless segment, also known as solutions for the hand, we experienced modest seasonal revenue decline as we had anticipated due to the significant strength in Q3 ahead of the holiday season. Our Enterprise Networking segment, otherwise known as solutions for infrastructure, also came in stronger than we had anticipated, driven principally by the continued improvement in customer order patterns in the Ethernet switching area. Our Q4 GAAP product gross margin increased 240 basis points or 170 basis points net of E&O to 50.9%, up from 48.5% in Q3, which is above the improvement estimate of a 100 basis points net of E&O provided at our analyst meeting in December. This was primarily due to favorable changes in product mix and continued focus on cost improvements. Moving to operating expenses, once again we had better than expected performance in controlling our R&D and SG&A expenses. Total R&D and SG&A expenses for Q4 were up $10 million from Q3 levels, excluding the non-recurring D&O insurance receipt of $63 million compared to the increase of $20 million we expected in October. The favorable under run to guidance in Q4 was principally driven by lower than anticipated employee costs. Legal expenses actually increased beyond our original guidance due to costs associated with the trial in the quarter. During the quarter, the company also recorded settlement costs of $176 million, of which $161 million is related to our proposed settlement of our securities class-action and $12 million related to a post acquisition technology transfer fee to the Israeli government, related to our acquisition of Dune Networks. Moving to the balance sheet, as I mentioned earlier total cash and marketable securities were $2.4 billion as we generated positive cash flow from operations of $332 million. We repurchased approximately 7 million shares of our stock in the quarter, an average price of roughly $29 per share as part of our ongoing goal to offset dilution associated with our annual equity grant. For the full year, we repurchased 15 million shares as part of this program. In addition to the record cash flow from operations for the quarter, Broadcom also produced record cash flow from operations from operations of $987 million for the full year, in the face of one of the toughest economic environment since the depression, reflecting our alignment and focus on the key cash flow metric we outlined just over a year ago at our 2008 Analyst Day. As we projected in December, inventory turns came in at seven times. Our accounts receivable day sales outstanding decreased from 39 days in Q3 two 35 days in Q4, driven by strong collections at the end of the year. Moving to expectations, we currently expect revenue in Q1 to be flat to up 5% to Q4, which would be up over 50% versus Q1 a year ago. Sequential sales expectations for our segments of broadband commutations, mobile and wireless, and enterprise and networking, will roughly follow the overall guidance of flat to up somewhat. We expect decline of approximately 100 basis points in Q1. This is almost entirely driven by the temporal distortions associated with (inaudible) and acquisition accounting. Excluding acquisition-based charges of amortization and inventory step up, and our basic function of zero you know, product gross margin would be essentially flat to Q3 and be comfortably within our targeted model. We note this guidance does not contemplate any impact from the transaction announced today. With respect to R&D and SG&A expenses in Q1, we're expecting expenses to increase by approximately $10 million, excluding the effects of the net recovery of $63 million of legal fees received in Q4. This will be driven principally by employee costs adjustments from our annual compensation review process, and our Q1 [fringe] accounting step up which reduces across the year, with seasonal spending on trade shows et cetera. Legal spending is expected to drop by approximately $15 million as an anticipated options related to Q1 was canceled. Tapeout and prototyping expenses are anticipated to be roughly flat. Before I turn the call back to Scott, let me comment more broadly on the anticipated legal spending for 2010. We are pleased to have the favorability in Q1, but for now are cautious about additional favorability throughout the year. We still have exposure to legal fees in the remaining derivative action, and there continues to be some sun certainty around the options matter that was dismissed last quarter. We anticipate being able to provide a better picture when we report in Q1 in April 2010. Finally, as Scott mentioned, we announced today our decision to initiate a dividend at $0.08 per quarter. We believe this reflects our powerful cash flow generation profile as a company supports our commitment to financial discipline, and we'll provide our investors an additional opportunity to return on their investment in Broadcom. And now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor: Thanks Eric. Starting with our home platform, our Q4 revenue from Broadband communications grew almost 14% sequentially driven by growth within the set top box and broadband access quarter lines, and with flat revenue from our consumer electronics product line following the typical peak third-quarter quality shipments. We made several important broadband product announcements. First was a new line of HD cable set top boxes as SSB solutions with Integrated MoCA(R) for the North America and European markets. Our Integrated MoCA(R) products are built on a very successful line of set top box silicon solutions for the cable service provider markets. Second was a new crystal HD solution that brings highest definition to netbooks alongside Intel's Atom Microprocessor. Our HD video accelerator is a companion chip to the CPU, providing a cost effective and powerful solution for the netbook market that leverages our portfolio of video intellectual property. Third, we're the first to ship, single chip Blu-ray disc solution integrating proven optical front-end and backend video decoding and displaying technologies on a single die. Independent industry analysis now confirms that Broadcom has become the leading provider for silicon solutions for Blu-ray disc players. We believe that the connected home provides a number of large and long-term opportunities given our broad video processing wired and wireless connectivity portfolio. For those of you who attended the consumer electronics show, I'm sure that you walked away with a better understanding of our horizontal integration strategy and the increased penetration of wireless connectivity and Ethernet capabilities into broadband communications products. We believe the breadth and depth of our product portfolio is a long-term strategic competitive advantage for the digital home market. Moving to infrastructure, Broadcom's enterprise networking business delivered the highest sequential revenue growth rate in the fourth quarter at approximately 18% with record sales of switches and phi. Growth in the quarter was broad-based as our customers in the enterprise and service provider markets continue to increase their demand and rollout new platforms. In particular, our switching and phi products are used extensively by OEMs to build switches and routers for 3G and broadband infrastructure in Asia. We also experienced a strong increase in demand for 10 gigabit products throughout 2009 from enterprise and data center customers. To further advance our competitive position; today, we announced we are sampling several new 10 gigabit Ethernet products. The first of these is the industry's first example 40-nanometer lowest power and G-based T5 in both dual and quad configurations. Mg BASE-T enables connections up to 100 meters over inexpensive UTP cables to enable wide scale deployment of 10 gigabit Ethernet with backup compatibility to gigabit Ethernet installed infrastructure at approximately 3.5 watts per port, OEMs will be able to design cost effective high density mg BASE-T switches and adapters to bring down the total cost of ownership. The second announcement we made this afternoon was our third generation dual port 10 gigabit Ethernet converged net with a number of cutting-edge features including bidirectional line rate performance across both ports and greater than 1 million IOPS of storage engine processing capability for both FCoE and iSCSI. This is the only off-load chip in the industry that supports iSCSI, FCoE and TCP Chimney simultaneously over a single Ethernet port. And it truly delivers on the vision of a converged data center network for the enterprise crowd at financial markets. The new device supports a complete set of virtualization features and is the world's first 10 gigabit controller supporting the energy efficient Ethernet, or EEE standard. Broadcom switch products have achieved wide adoption across the world for DSL on deployment. To further enhance our portfolio of industry-leading platforms supporting the rapid build out of broadband networking in Asia, we've decided to enter the EPON market and participate in the service provider build out in the region. And that's why today we announced the acquisition of Teknovus, which is a major player in the EPON market. Moving to our hand platform within our mobile and wireless business, Broadcom experienced a sequential product revenue decline of approximately 4%, as growth in the wireless LAN and VoIP were offset by declines in other connectivity products after about seasonal growth in both the 2nd and 3 quarters of 2009. Within the cellular market, we are pleased with the performance interaction we are receiving from current tier one customers, Samsung and Nokia. And we are excited about our road map and customer diversification opportunities and other handset OEMs and ODMs. We announced a new multimedia coprocessor solution during the quarter in 40 nanometers which delivers a 1080p camcorder and high-performance one gigapixel per second 3D graphics all of the power envelope of a mobile phone. We look forward to displaying this and our other cellular platform solutions at Mobile World Congress in weeks. We hope you can join our open house on February 15. Wireless compass solutions continue to exceptionally well. The rollout of our leading industry-leading products were timed for market acceptance of multiple integrated conductivity radios as proven by our shipments of approximately 500 million wireless combo devices today. For the full year 2009, wireless combo product revenue exceeded 10% of Broadcom's total sales. We believe our combo portfolio is a competitive advantage that will extend in 2010 as the majority of large designs, in our piece in the mobile phone market now require three or more connectivity radio versus standalone for dual radio designs in previous years. We are designed into a number of key android hand sets today and our elite connectivity s supplier into four of the five significant smartphone operating systems. Finally, one of our newest triple-play combo parts, the BCM2075 which integrates Bluetooth, GPS, and FM has been named as the 2009 product of year from Electronic Products, China. We are also seeing increased adoption of Broadcom's wireless connectivity chips in the consumer electronic devices such as digital television, Blu-ray, and set-top boxes which are on retailer shelves today. Wireless LAN provides internet connectivity which enables access to video services like Netflix and Skype. Bluetooth enables a new generation of user friendly remote control devices with QWERTY keyboard, streaming audio and connectivity to mobile handsets. In summary, Broadcom is benefiting from some very powerful long-term trends entering 2010. We have momentum building with acquisitions in the data center and broadband access base, new competitive 40-nanometer parts, increased addressable market opportunities through our home platform integrating connectivity in Ethernet, upcoming third generation combo products and the ongoing ramp of our cellular base band products. These products combined with a strong free cash flow generation model are the engine for Broadcom's continued growth and give us the confidence to introduce a dividend to return capital to our shareholders. That concludes our prepared comments today and we are now ready for your questions. Monica, may we have the first question, please?
Operator: Certainly, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from Sumit Dhanda of Banc of America.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: On the legal expense front, Eric, is the understanding that the $15 million sequential decline you're seeing this quarter, that was up again or it will stay static at this level sending more clarity?
Eric Brandt: Sumit, all I can give you is guidance for Q1. As you know, the company has moved down the path to resolve its legal matters and there remains open the derivative action and potentially we still don't know what the SEC and the DOJ is going to do in terms of appeals. So until we have a better picture of that, we are remaining cautious. But we are quite pleased to give you the $15 million at least in Q1 and we will have a better picture when we get to April.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Berger of FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: You seem to shipping above seasonal and some businesses in the first quarter. Is that because your customers need product to meet their demand or are they trying to replenish a little bit here in the seasonally slower part of the year? Can you just give us any color around what you see with your customers?
Scott McGregor: What we see is a scenario where Christmas happened, but seasonality doesn't appear to be happening. We see a very strong first quarter. There are many theories people have. Is it budget flush? Is it inventory building or is it just genuine strength from our customers? We certainly see the latter. We see the customers definitely selling through and building a lot of strong products. And we have some very strong product ramps that are contributing to our growth. We don't see particular inventory in the channel. We had a discussion of this over the last week. There are always a few pockets here and there, but we don't see any abnormal inventory building up and I can't comment on the budget flush, but certainly we do see strength in our customers and strength in the product ramps.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: How do we think about your wireless combo chip opportunity this year? How do we think about growth there and new product generations, what are your plans for a number of new product launches this year?
Scott McGregor: You can certainly expect we will introduce some new products, but we have some great products out there right now. I think the triple-play parts, the 4325, 4329 and the latter in particular are really strong. We are seeing design wins just across a lot of different markets and very, very good strength there. As I said in my prepared remarks, we are also seeing a move away from the discrete parts and the two component parts to triple component parts. And that's also a very good timing as we launch our GPS products. GPS is definitely a pickup, both wireless LAN penetration and GPS penetration I think are going to drive good growth for our wireless combo products across the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Ellis of Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Eric can you just talk about some of the gives and takes on the gross margin line? As we look ahead how much benefit from 60-nanometer mix shift progress is there and are there any headwinds out there that we should be aware of as we think about 2010?
Eric Brandt: So in general, I would say we are certainly quite pleased with the performance this quarter being up a 170 basis points net of E&O. I would say about a quarter to a third of that is mix related and about two thirds to three quarters of that is actually related to cost improvements. Cost improvements embody two things. They embody actual good work on our ops group to get lower costs on the wafer side, but it's also the ramp of some of our newer and lower cost products which will ramp across the year. So the reason why I made the comment that in Q4 and in Q1, net of E&O and acquisition related charges were comfortably back in our targeted model and probably pretty much right in the center of it. I can't give long-term guidance, but as I mentioned earlier, last year, our focus on gross margin is paying off and you're seeing it now.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: One on the dividend, how did the company settle on $0.08 a share? And two, as we think about the company now being a dividend payer, what does that mean for the acquisition prospects for the company?
Scott McGregor: So [Craig], I would say, we thought about the dividend a lot and talked about it a lot internally, and you've heard of sort of you've been thinking about it out loud to some degree. As we thought about $0.08, we wanted to make sure that we selected a number which was meaningful in terms of the dividend yield, and in our view as we looked at the company, that were growth companies, the growth and income companies, that number is typically around 1% or slightly above that. I don't think Broadcom is ever really going to be a yield company. We are a growth and income company and so as we set our targets for the dividend and for our plan, we thought very much about growing revenue fast in the market, growing profits faster than revenue, and being able to deliver cash back to the shareholders. As we looked at our cash flow, you can see again, in one of the worst economies since the Depression, we hit record cash flow from operations, and we look at our plan going forward we believe we have sufficient cash flow to pay a dividend, to buyback shares to offset dilution, and to make acquisitions. And that's how we balance it and we will continue to balance that on an annual basis as we think through it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Benjamin of Jefferies.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies: Just a continuation on gross margin. I know the E&O has gone back and forth a little bit here with the downturn in 2009. I know you don't want to give guidance for Q2 specifically, but as it relates to that charge, does that go back in your favor as you get into Q2?
Eric Brandt: The reason why I gave you the number net of E&O is because I want you to understand what the underlying gross margin of the company is, excluding these swings back and forth. Between Q4 and Q3, we have had about a 150 to 160 basis points of release in E&O, part of which in Q3 was masked by the DTV impairment. So I think we are actually consuming the excess E&O that we had on our book. I think there might be some marginal favorability across the year. But I do think the right way to look at is to wash it out of the number and understand what the underlying gross margin of the company is, net of these E&O swings, and net of any of these acquisitions related charges.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies: Just on the better than normal guide, given some seasonality we see in the mobile and wireless business, obviously with ramps elsewhere, can you just comment, regarding just how we should be thinking about what's going on out there? I know there is a lot of back-and-forth. Cisco seems to be indicating that business has improved dramatically and they build some inventory. But at a pretty significant guidance for the next quarter or so it would seem to justify where business trends are going. But you know Scott, I wonder if you can comment on commentary with your customers about that inventory discussion. I know that you guys have typical shied away from saying we are convinced there is no double ordering or there isn't inventory out there because you typically don't know for sure. But I was curious if you just give some commentary with your recent discussion you mentioned last week, Scott.
Scott McGregor:  I'm happy to do so. First, just want to clarify we believe that all three of our segments are in the range of flat to up slightly. So I think as you had said at the beginning, that you thought out mobile and wireless might be down and offset. So I just want to correct that.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies: No. I'm just saying typical seasonality would be that way.
Scott McGregor: Okay, fine. In terms of the conversations we have with customers, frankly we have a number of customers expediting parts and they are absolutely shipping to end users. So we see a lot of customers where if we could supply more parts, we could ship more. So we see a little bit of that going on. We don't believe they are building inventory. We do believe they are shipping through. I'm certain there must be some customers somewhere building inventory as Eric point out. But generally we dont see atypical environment out there. We looked at distributor inventories. We've looked at a variety of things. We just don't see a story for inventory buildup at this point.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies: Just a follow-up on that. You mentioned you would ship more parts if you could. Are you constrained, and if you are, any specific of your three main end markets, some perspective there would be helpful and when you think you could be less constrained going forward would be helpful to know?
Scott McGregor: Our constraints are not coming from inability to get silicon. We believe we can get access to all the silicon we need now and going forward this year. The constraints are coming more from very short order lead times from customers where they are hoping to get parts substantially within our lead time, typically because they have gotten orders within a short lead time for them. So that's where typically the expedites are coming from. So it's hard to predict how that will trend throughout the year, so I will decline to do that. But right now we do have some customers who wish they could get parts faster than we can deliver them.
Eric Brandt:  I just add to that, Adam, I mean you can see that we have taken our inventory from the normal eight turns down to seven turns and I think part of that is in light of the strength we saw in Q4 rolling into Q1. And part of that was just in light of the fact that we understand the capacity is relatively tight. And we want to make sure we have sufficient inventory on some of the new parts that are ramping. So we are doing our best to make sure that we have supplied. I think our customers are pleased that we are able to supply them, and to the extent their (inaudible) we will do our best in management.
Operator: As a reminder, participants are asked to limit the sales to one question. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys. Congrats on the strong quarter. Last quarter you gave some helpful color on what Baseband revenues were. Could you give us an idea of what they did in the fourth quarter and may be 2009 as a whole?
Scott McGregor:  I'm glad you are pleased we gave that guidance last quarter. But we're not going to do that every quarter. But we do believe and I will certainly reiterate that we do expect our Basebands to be a growth driver for us, a significant growth driver for us in 2010. We see new models ramping from both of our major customers and we believe that will drive significant growth in that business over the quarter. And generally, we are pretty pleased with both the quality of the models and the quantity of the models we are seeing and the revenue we believe will come from that.
Eric Brandt: Also the next changing from 2G over to more 3G.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Got you. And completely changing gears, now that the legal expenses side a lot of it is behind you, I think we have all seen in the press something about the founders of the company wanted to come back. Does that in any way impact anything on the managerial structure or strategy that you guys are putting into place?
Scott McGregor: No, it doesn't.
Operator: Our next question comes from Uche Orji of UBS. Please go ahead.
Uche Orji - UBS: Scott, just a couple of quick questions. One is Teknovus, can you just give me an idea of what the annual revenue is and the headcount and also how the margins for that business are compared to your EPON product?
Eric Brandt: Sure. Its Eric. The Teknovus revenue was sort of in the tens of millions of dollars. There are about 100 people, maybe a little bit more, about 140, about 100 or so in the engineering side of the house. Was there another question in there?
Uche Orji - UBS: I just want to have your margins for a moment compare but if you can (inaudible)?
Eric Brandt: As a business, often what we find is when we buy smaller companies, our pricing is better than smaller companies. And as I think as we look at our enterprise business, as we look at Teknovus business that is consistent with our enterprise business. Over time, we work through that.
Uche Orji - UBS: That's great. A different question on crystal HD. Scott, you talked about that in the opening remarks. Let me just ask you this. What kind of a tax rate are you seeing with that product along with ATOM and in the marketplace? One will want to see that products against NVIDIA [high end] you know what is the feedback you're getting us to the cost benefit of crystal HD versus any other competitive solution out there?
Scott McGregor: I don't have the specific number for you, but we are seeing very good reception for that product. It's a great product in that it hits a very good price point. It's exactly the future, components that people want, and it's very low power. So compared to some of the other solutions out there, it generally provides substantially better battery life, and it's substantially cheaper. And it gets the job done beautifully to playback 1080P HD video, which is really the sweet spot for that product. And so we are seeing a lot of interest, and a lot of designs from OEMs all over the world.
Uche Orji - UBS: And just finally, I know, I'm not asking for guidance, say for 2010, but if one were to look down through 2010 and one had to say is the top five revenue drivers for Broadcom in 2010, how would you describe that? They are just so much confident in macro so I know it's difficult to kind of give that much of a view, but how would you kind of guide us into thinking about how revenues or what products and areas will drive revenue through 2010? That's my last.
Scott McGregor: It's hard to predict exactly which ones are going to do that, but I can give you a list of a handful that I think are going to be significant drivers. Certainly as I mentioned already, we believe that cellular Baseband will be a significant growth driver for us in this year. And I think many people also underestimate the overall multimedia products that we have, and so those into cell phones and other products, I think are also going to be a significant growth driver. In the combo space, GPS space, GPS and wireless LAN are very strong. I believe the increased penetration rates of those features will drive very strong revenue for us over the course of the year. The consumer electronics space, digital TV and Blu-ray and over the top services we enable with some those services I think are going to give us a growth driver in that space. And then in the enterprise space, certainly the 10 gig transition. We have seen a multi- fold increase in products in 10 gig over the course of the last year. I expect that is going to continue. Those have higher ASP's. They add a lot more value for customers and so a 10 gig should be a driver as it manifests in phis and switches and other related products. So those would be my best guess as to the strongest growth drivers for us. But we always have one or two surprises. And there may be others as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Luke of Barclays Capital.
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: Scott, often the beginning of the year in areas like wireless can be seasonally lower and it sounds like your expecting all of the business to be flat to higher in the beginning of the year. Do you have a feel of what you see now as to how you think the rest of the year may shape given the business drivers? Do you anticipate that you would see some modest sequential procession through year? And then separately, if you could just clarify, you said that the OpEx, the legal spending is going to be down $15 million but overall the OpEx is up $10 million. What are the factors with that? And it sounds as if you are inferring that there is some ongoing legal uncertainty on the options case that might bring back legal expense. Can you just frame at all as to why that would be the case that you would have to have incremental spending on a case that seems to have been dismissed and how material we think we should think about that?
Scott McGregor: So let me start with the last one which is on the legal side. And essentially Tim as you know, I tend to be fairly conservative. So I don't want to count my chickens before they hatch. The criminal case was dismissed, although its unclear whether there will be an appeal on that. In the process of clearing the criminal case and settling the class action, it accelerates the derivative action which could go to trial in Q2, which could cause additional costs. Our hope is that it will get settled and resolved which will save the company a lot of money. But at this point I don't want to count on that until it happens. Moving to the OpEx, just to give you a sense, you are right. Legal is down 15 and I set up about 10. There are some odd accounting things that occur in Q1, just to give you a sense. Between the fringe step up I mentioned and vacation accrual which reverses from the holiday season, it doesn't really reverse but it steps up from people taking a lot of vacations during the holiday season. That hits us about $20 million. Then the other thing is between the focal, both the salary and stock-based comp, you are talking $5 million to $10 million as well. So there are just a couple of natural step ups and so our annual merit increase which occurs every year except in 2009 sort of feathers its way in Q1 and Q2. It used to be Q2 and Q3. This year it will be Q1 and Q2. So from my perspective, I think from an OpEx point of view, although we are adding some resources to key areas in the company, I don't think it's a big OpEx jump as much as a lot of it is driven by some accounting factors. Moving to the revenue piece, which you asked where you started, I think in the first half of 2009, seasonality was out of the window as everything went down. And then in the second half of 2009 seasonality further went out of the window or exaggerated in the second half of the year in 2009 and into the first quarter of 2010. And again, just to remind you on a mixed adjusted basis, Q1 is typically down 5% to 5.5% for us. So we're seeing somewhere between 5.5% and 10.5% swing on seasonality. I hope that normal seasonality continues through the rest of the year. But I just don't know. I think we're in uncharted waters. I hope that we can see the back part of the train starting to move. I just hope that the economy, which is the engine of the train is starting to move on the front part of the train.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Schneider of Goldman Sachs.
Jim Schneider - Goldman Sachs:  I guess if you look at the mobile and wireless business, in the 10-K you just filed, it looks like you posted an operating income of just under 7% for that business relative to double-digits and much better for the rest of the businesses. Could you talk about what your target is for that business? What we might expect it to be in 2011, whether you think the target would be still lower than the rest of the business or not as (inaudible) growth?
Scott McGregor: Tim, we don't give targets for the particular businesses, but I think what you're seeing there is the nascent cellular business where we still have a significant R&D cost and we're still in the early phases of ramping up. So do I expect that number to go up? Absolutely, yes. But I hope it came as a positive surprise to most people that overall our mobile and wireless business is profitable today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ruben Roy of Pacific Crest.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest: Scott, I was wondering if you would comment a little bit around the Teknovus acquisition, recently the Dune acquisition and you guys came out with a split in the enterprise networking group of network infrastructure technologies group. Is that going to be a separate segment? Can you characterize the revenues to date of that area and how that plays out over the next several years as growth driver for Broadcom?
Scott McGregor: The infrastructure segment we discussed pretty much lines up with our enterprise networking group today. So think of those as approximately synonymous. What we call the divisions internally, we are trying to separate that a little bit from how we view that there are three primary platforms that we attack, the (inaudible), the home, and the infrastructure. You can think of those as roughly synonymous. In terms of the acquisitions, we are definitely looking for ways to grow in the enterprise space, in the infrastructure space. We see there's a lot of opportunity. It's a good market, the [pawn] opportunity, the cloud computing opportunity, we saw those as both areas that we wanted to accelerate our participation in. As you know, we often do things organically and we always look in the market for are there really great teams and great companies that we could acquire that would be eventually very accretive to the company and would accelerate our penetration into those areas? And we found those in Dune and Teknovus. They are both very talented technical teams, they have done impressive things in the market place. Dune has some fabulous high end switch products and are really going after the scale of the cloud computing. Frankly, we haven't put as much attention towards it and as we see cloud computing accelerate, that's very attractive for us. Teknovus, I think you are probably aware, we have some GPON products and we are making great progress in the space. A lot of Asia is focused on EPON. So GPON being more US and European-centric, EPON really giving us the Fiber-to-the-Home, Fiber-to-the-Curb coverage that we wanted worldwide. So we believe that completed our fiber portfolio and really gives us access to the worldwide market now for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon of Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: Just a quick question on gross margins. So you had cost improvements that were driving most of the improvement this quarter. You're guiding flat next quarter, but you've got revenues going up, you may even have mix maybe helping you a little bit there. I'm just curious why the flat product gross margins excluding the E&O impact, what might be some of that that will stop that from actually going up?
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: Theres normal ASP declines that go on in the business. There is a combination of effects that go across the two quarters. As we look into Q1, we begin with some of the new pricing that we have with our customers as we start our annual schedule of negotiation, but I think there will be continued cost benefit in Q1 by some of the new products, and reductions in some of the pricing we're getting from on our wafers. And maybe greater as a percentage than the mix benefit we got in Q4 with obviously with the mobile & wireless sector down slightly and the enterprise space up a fair bit. So as mobile & wireless begins to grow in the beginning part of the year, there could be some less mix benefit.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Pranav Chandra] of Roth capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Scott, if you could talk a little bit about what your situation is in terms of share and something you have been very successful, Bluetooth and combo chips, and maybe something that youve not been so successful as in digital TVs?
Scott McGregor: We don't generally estimate shares. We leave that to the third parties to do that, but I believe the third parties are showing that for Bluetooth and combo chips, we are a clear number one in both of those areas. In digital TV, I think we got off to a slower start there than we had hoped for. I think that the economy really took a dive just as we were getting into that market and so for a while people werent buying so many digital TVs. That was a headwind for us. We also saw our customers losing a little bit of share to a competitor that we didn't have chips in and we saw some situation in designs. We believe that's back on track and that's why I listed that as a growth driver for Broadcom this year. We think our team has done a great job there of getting that back on track. We have won a bunch of new designs. At CES, you saw us demonstrating some of the coolest newest TVs. I think the real strength we have in the digital TV space going forward is something we do really well at Broadcom, which is combining all of the different technologies into single SSCs. So TVs have really moved away from being just traditional TV functionality to far more things like internet and wireless connectivity and other things and that's a real strength of Broadcom. We are bringing those capabilities so that you have over-the-top services and connectivity. Things like DLNA, those are really things we can add a lot of value to and many of the traditional legacy TV chip makers just really don't have that capability. So I think long-term, it's an area for us to shine and it will certainly be a growth driver for us this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wong of Wells Fargo.
David Wong - Wells Fargo: In terms of your inventory growth, was that fairly even across your various product segments and end market segments or are there some end markets where there is a greater need to build inventory to make sure that you have got plenty for increasing demand?
Eric Brandt: Yes. In fact, there are a couple of new products that are ramping and I don't want to be specific, but there are a couple of new products that are ramping where we wanted to make sure an example, just generally speaking, would be some of the combo chips. Where we wanted to make sure we had sufficient supply to meet the demands of our customers particularly to the sense that they see some upside and given the strength again that we were seeing coming out of Q4 and into Q1.
Operator: Next question comes from Allan Mishan of Brigantine Advisors.
Allan Mishan - Brigantine Advisors: Hi. You mentioned that the merit increases were feathering over Q1 and Q2 this year. So does that mean that there will be a step up from that portion of your OpEx into Q2 or does that just mean that it's taking the step up in Q1 and sustains in Q2?
Eric Brandt: So the way the merit increase is working, is that the actual salary piece goes in, in the third month of the quarter, and the equity goes in at the second month of the quarter. So typically, on the cash component, the salary component, it runs in the $10 million a quarter range. We had dissipated Q1 that we will see about $3 million of it. So somewhere in the vicinity of four, five, six will step up into Q2.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Snyder of Charter Equity Research.
Edward Snyder - Charter Equity Research: Thank you. A couple here if I could. Your Baseband was strong, I'm sorry your broadband is strong across all customers or did you see that concentrated in one or two? Because given Motorola's comments about relatively weak performance in its set-top business, I am just wondering what checks you have that you are not growing inventory of some of your customers versus say end market demand? And then also Eric, in the drivers for Baseband growth this year, you highlighted and increased mix in 3G. Is that going to be based on new products coming out or are you expecting traction in existing products say beyond Samsung which is now I am using it??
Eric Brandt: As two broadband, which really see that broad-based. And we don't comment on specific customers. But we see that broad-based across customers and not a specific thing with one or two customers. In terms of your baseband question, we certainly see revenue in the near-term from products that we have already announced, and you'll have to just see down the road. We generally don't announce new products until they are at least sampling the shipping so hard for me to comment on that. You'll have to wait and see it the year develops on that. But we do expect growth in 3G. for sure increasing as a percentage versus the mix with 2G and 3G.
Operator: The next question comes from David Wu of GC Research.
David Wu - GC Research: I was wondering whether you could shed some light on a couple of things that we saw at the show. A lot of these handheld products are kind of arm-based. I guess can see as an arm license, architecture license. What part of your business do you think will migrate towards the arm architecture and would that effect any of the existing No Space product? And the other thing, how do you see Andriod as an operating system. There are a lot of links is out there. But is Andriod really getting the (inaudible) not only for smart phones but also for things like set top boxes and other consumer electronic products?
Scott McGregor: I will answer both questions their. In terms of handheld products and the use of arm, we use in MIPS, we use arm, we use a variety of other processors. And we consider ourselves agnostic in terms of which is better. We have a flexibility to even change our mind, some of our products have been MIPS and arm another year and we'll move that around. Quite often for embedded applications, the customer doesn't really care what the instruction set is. We find that typically consumer electronics products and a lot of infrastructure products where they really care about basically performance per watt and cost performance for the major drivers. And what instruction set it is fairly moot. We are and arm licensee we expect to continue to be an arm licensee. We are also a MIPS licensee expect to continue to be a MIPS licensee and I dont think I can have a particular color their. In terms of your question on android, we see a lot of interest for android, especially in the handheld space. As I think I have said to a few of you it has really captured the imagination of a lot of consumers and a lot of customers, and so we have a significant effort on android. I think I mentioned that we do have a lot of handset design wins, android -based, with a variety of our wireless products. And so we do expect that to be a growing operating system as a percentage of the total operating systems we support in the course of this year. And we think it's a significant new driver going forward in terms of gaining share in the operating system space.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suji De Silva of Kaufman Brothers.
Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers: Hi, guys. You showed at your Analyst Day some smart feature phones. When do those ramp-up? Is there an inflection point coming in and when do those do ramp? Are they going to be a large enough to be something of a head wind on margins versus the larger business?
Scott McGregor: The smart feature phones are ramped today. In fact, if you look at the Samsung Star phone is shipping many millions of units a month, I would say that's quite ramped. In fact, Samsung told us it was the fastest ramping of phone in their history. So smart feature phones are ramped today. And therefore, does it change our margins or anything, I think is good. It's already factored into really excellent margins we reported in Q4.
Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers: And if anything, as the mix improves, that should also help out on the margin side.
Scott McGregor: Smart feature phones are definitely going to get us better return than lower end 2G phones. Absolutely, the more smart features we put in there, the higher the patch rate for GPS, for wireless LAN, and for other capabilities multimedia, other capabilities we could add, so both smartphones and smart feature phones are very good for Broadcom, and they drive additional (inaudible).
Operator: Our next question comes from Srini Pajjuri, CLSA.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA: Just a clarification, Eric. It's good to see you guys paying a dividend. My question is, does it change your buyback or M&A policy going forward? My question is does it rule out a larger potential acquisition in the future?
Eric Brandt: It does not. I think again, in one of the world's worst economies ever, we had record cash flow from operations. And operations you can see in Q4 and Q1, we had record quarters. We think our cash flow will continue to grow, we think we have enough room to pay dividend, buy back shares, offset solutions, and make meaningful acquisitions. So I think as a company, the dividend is just a sign of the true financial strength of the company's cash flow and acquisitions.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Blair of Wedge Partners.
Brian Blair - Wedge Partners: You talked a bit about the connected TV market, and I just wanted to know if you could give a little more color on what your expectations are, as we get towards the holiday season at the back of this year in terms of what percentage of overall TVs might be connected and you always make your own numbers, but can you just give us a sense for how you see the opportunity as we're getting into this holiday season and maybe provide a little color on what you see beyond that?
Scott McGregor: That's a hard question to estimate, and I think you put your finger on the recent. We don't determine that. If we could you determine it'd be a 100% that really depends on what the consumers are interested in buying and how our customers prices are products to market. The good news is we're seeing some very aggressive pricing and promotion of the features. That 3D are also things I think are driving new consumer interest and a lot of the TV sets. So I apologize. I can't give you an exact number, but we do see that is becoming a must-have feature summer -- certainly in other midrange and high-end TV sets. And that will drive the penetration further into the other's going forward.
Eric Brandt: Also remember, it is not just wireless. It's also Bluetooth Ethernet another technologies we are able to incorporate in those products.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Scott McGregor: Thank you all for coming today. I have just a couple of thoughts I would like to leave you with the for signing off here. Broadcom really had a great Q4 and we believe we have grown faster than the industry, we have improved our operating leverage. As we said we would. We are looking forward to additional market share expansion and increased financial leverage across 2010. One final reminder, we'll be hosting an open house at mobile world congress in Barcelona on February 15 at 4:30 pm local time. If you need any additional details or an invitation to this, please give Peter a call. With that, thank you again for joining us today and have a good day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 16:45:00) =====
Executives: Peter Andrew - VP of Corporate Communications Scott McGregor - CEO Eric Brandt - CFO
Analysts:  Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Craig Berger - FBR Capital Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird James Schneider - Goldman Sachs David Wu - GC Research John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley Uche Orji - UBS Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company  
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom third quarter 2009 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). Your speakers for today are Scott McGregor, Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer. Eric Brandt, Broadcom's Chief Financial Officer, and Peter Andrew, Vice President of Corporate Communications. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Peter Andrew.
Peter Andrew: During this call, we'll discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we'll provide on future revenue, gross margin, and operating expense targets for the fourth quarter of 2009, and any other future periods, as well as statements about the prospects for our various businesses, potential market share, and the development status and planned availability of new products. You should note that the guidance we provide today is based upon forecast that require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions using information that is available to us at this time. It should be clearly understood that our actual performance and financial results may differ substantially from our forecasts and other forward-looking statements we make today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results, including among other things general economic conditions, are discussed in the risk factors section of our 2008 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of today's earnings press release. As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update any forward-looking statement except as required by law. Please refer to the Investors Section of our website at www.broadcom.com for additional historical, financial and statistical information, including the information required by SEC Regulation-G. In addition, we've placed a slide deck, which is available now in the Investors Relation section of our website, it is on the right hand side of the page under the 'Q3-2009 Earning Information'. In this deck we have incorporated additional tables and information regarding our historical performance and our future guidance. With that, let me now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. Broadcom executed quite well in the third quarter, with substantially better results than we originally anticipated, driven by upside demand in our enterprise networking and mobile and wireless businesses. For the third quarter, we reported net revenue of $1.254 billion, which is up over $200 million and over 20% sequentially from our second quarter. Broadcom's revenue is now up 47% from the trough quarter in Q1 2009 and down only 3% from our record revenue level reached in Q3 2008. Sequential revenue growth in the quarter was broad-based, as each of our businesses grew between 9% and 37%, driven by a return to more normal order patterns from our customers, a number of new product ramps, and our customers preparing for the upcoming holiday season. Broadcom was also successful in generating strong sequential gross and operating margin leverage. So far this year, Broadcom has been able to achieve our 2009 financial goals of gaining market share, while at the same time generating strong cash flow from operations. In the last three quarters, Broadcom's revenue declined approximately 11% year-over-year, which is significantly better than the industry. We've generated over $650 million in cash flow from operations, far surpassing our $300 million goal for the entire year. At our upcoming Analyst Day on December 15, we'll discuss our goals for driving additional leverage in our financial model. Based upon customer activity we've experienced to date, we expect revenue in the fourth quarter and in each of our target markets to be approximately flat with the third quarter of 2009. As I mentioned last quarter, and as we still believe today, the economic situation remains uncertain. Therefore, we'll remain cautious in the way we're running our business. I'll now turn the call over to Eric for details on the third quarter results and the fourth quarter guidance.
Eric Brandt: As Peter mentioned, please refer to the data breakout in the investor section of our website for additional financial information that will supplement my financial commentary. We have included additional data to reconcile product gross margin and operating expense, as well as our modified presentation of our income statement to breakout our intellectual property licensing revenues that we introduced last quarter. Moving to the financial overview; to summarize, total revenue of $1.25 billion, including $1.19 billion in product revenue, and $59 million in licensing revenue. Total revenue was up approximately 21% and product revenue was up approximately 24% from Q2 level. Product gross margin in Q3 increased 220 basis points to 48.5% versus 46.3% in Q2. Q3 2009 GAAP R&D plus SG&A expense was $534 million. On a comparable basis, these expenses increased $31 million over Q2. This increase included $16 million related to our performance-based compensation plan, which I will discuss further in a few moments. Excluding this charge, our increase of $15 million was below the guidance we gave for Q3 in July. Earnings per share for Q3 were $0.16. This includes approximately $0.02 per share negative impact associated with the asset impairment and the restructuring we undertook in the quarter related to our DTV business. Stock-based compensation represented approximately $129 million, or approximately $0.25 per diluted share. Cash flow from operations for Q3 was $236 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance increased to $2.4 billion at the end of the quarter. Moving to revenue, gross margin; in July we said that we expected Q3 total net revenue to increase 7% to 14% sequentially over Q2, of which licensing should be approximately $55 million. What occurred in Q3 was Broadcom generated stronger total sequential net revenue growth of approximately 21% to $1.25 billion, driven by sequential product growth of approximately 24%. With respect to broadband communications, we saw growth in the broadband modems and digital set-top box end-markets. In mobile and wireless targeted end markets, we experienced revenue growth virtually across the board with strong new product ramps in cellular basebands and our combo solutions, as well as normal seasonality as our customers prepare for the upcoming holiday season. Our enterprise networking targeted end market came in stronger than we had anticipated, driven principally by improving customer order patterns, particularly in the Ethernet switching area. Our Q3 GAAP product gross margin increased 220 basis points to 48.5%, up from 46.3% in Q2, which is significantly above the improvement estimate of 125 basis points we provided on our last earnings call. This was primarily due to changes in product mix, continued focus on cost improvement, and lower E&O charges in the quarter. Moving to operating expenses; once again, we had better than expected performance controlling our R& D and SG&A expenses, excluding a formulaic increase to our corporate bonus pool. While R&D and SG&A expenses for Q3 were up $31 million from Q2 levels compared to an increase of 20 to $26 million, we expected in July, this increase included $16 million related to our performance-based compensation plan. This additional charge is related to the stronger than anticipated relative revenue growth and cash flow generated in the quarter and expected for the full year and reflects a proportional increase as compared to the first half of the year. Excluding this unforecasted item, our increase of $15 million was below our guidance in July. During the quarter, the company also recorded GAAP-related impairment and restructuring charges for the digital TV business totaling $12 million. In addition, the company experienced an E&O charge related to cost of goods of approximately $10 million associated with digital TV, which was mostly offset by other E&O releases in the quarter. Moving to the balance sheet; as I mentioned earlier, total cash and marketable securities were $2.4 billion as we generated positive cash flow from operations of $236 million. We repurchased approximately 6 million shares of stock in the quarter at an average price of roughly $28 per share as part of our ongoing goal to offset dilution associated with our annual equity grant. As we indicated in July, we expected inventory turns to improve. Based on the strong work of our operations team and increased demand, we were able to improve turns to 8 times. Assuming no further shocks to the industry, we anticipate turns will remain in our targeted range of 7 to 8 times. Our accounts receivable day sales outstanding remain flat at 39 days. Moving to expectations; we currently expect revenue in Q4 to be roughly flat to Q3 overall, as well as across each of our targeted end markets, which would be up roughly 11% versus last year. Bear in mind we have generally experienced stronger revenue growth in the industry in Q3 and Q2 on a product basis, partially due to the excellent work of our supply chain team and their partners. In addition, we are waiting to see consumer sell-through for the holiday season and we will provide an update to our guidance at our Analyst Day in December. We expect product gross margin to improve around 20 to 50 basis points, principally driven by improvements in cost and mix. With respect to R&D and SG&A expense in Q4, we expect the expenses to increase approximately $20 million, of which nearly half will be driven by legal costs associated with the options litigation case that begins this quarter. Of the remainder, roughly half relates to tapeouts/prototyping costs as we drive to second and third generation 65-nanometer products and new lower cost optimized products to improve gross margin, and the rest is mostly related to increases in employee costs. This increase, however, does not include recognition of the benefit of roughly $60 million of additional D&O recovery, preliminarily improved by the court. Now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor: Our revenue from broadband communications grew almost 9% sequentially, driven by growth within the set top box and broadband modem product lines. The one head wind we faced in the quarter was in the digital TV market, where our results were negatively impacted by one large customer losing share in North America, and some share loss with other customers. In light of these Broadcom-specific issues and the impact of the economic downturn on the digital TV market as a whole, we're taking actions to appropriately size this business. We remain committed to the DTV market. We will continue to invest, and we still see DTV as a significant revenue growth driver for the company in 2010. We are right-sizing our digital TV organization as part of our ongoing portfolio management, consistent with our revenue forecast and as a final step in the integration of the AMD DTV business into Broadcom. So what is it that keeps us excited about our prospects in digital TV? First of all, as connected TVs starts to take off, we believe we're very well positioned to benefit from this trend. Our recent wins at LG and others exemplify why we are winning in this new and emerging segment. It's our ability to provide a complete solution, which leverages strengths in both video processing, as well as wired and wireless network connectivity. Second, we've already begun to ramp some new North American digital TV customers. We believe that our position in North America will be more diversified, resulting in higher market share in 2010 than in 2009. And third, we've recently won a number of new digital TV designs in Europe and Asia, expanding our market position outside of North America in 2010. In Q3, we had five key broadband product announcements, including, number one, a new line of cable set top box solutions, incorporating a DOCSIS and Euro-DOCSIS modem and MoCA technologies, which enable advanced services, such as interactivity, 3D user interfaces and multiroom DVR capabilities. Two, a new line of satellite set top boxes incorporating MoCA. Third, a single chip ADSL2+ modem incorporating 802.11m gigabit Ethernet switch and DECT cordless phone capabilities. Four, expansion into the GPON modem market, with a highly integrated solution also incorporating MoCA. And fifth, Microsoft Mediaroom client integration, enabling Broadcom to provide Microsoft certified, second generation set top box solutions to operators. We believe that the connected home provides a number of large and long-term opportunities, which we're in a very strong position to capitalize on, given our broad video processing and connectivity portfolio. Broadcom's enterprise networking business delivered the highest sequential growth rate in the third quarter at approximately 37%. Growth in the quarter was broad based, as our customers in the enterprise and service provider markets began to roll out new platforms. Based on feedback from our customers, it appears this target market reached a trough in the second quarter. Enterprise networking experienced solid growth in switch platforms for service provider deployment in China for 3G wireless infrastructure, PON build out and broadband. In addition, 10G switches in data centers, and (inaudible) in server controllers contributed to the Q3 performance. Enterprise customers increased their worldwide demand for gigabit server controllers, switches and (inaudible) used in stackables and core switches. We continue to see opportunities to expand Ethernet deeper into the service provider market and to increase adoption of 10G within enterprise, data center and service provider end customers. Within our mobile and wireless business, Broadcom experienced solid sequential product revenue growth of over 30%, driven by growth within both our cellular and connectivity markets. Within the cellular market, we experienced strong sequential growth in the quarter, driven by one of our customers ramping new products, incorporating our baseband and power management solutions. We've been benefiting from the emergence of what we're calling smart feature phones. These are high end EDGE or low end 3G handsets, which incorporate capabilities such as touch screens, downloadable widgets and push email. In addition to the ramp of our baseband and power management solutions, the third quarter also marked the first quarter of shipments for our multimedia coprocessor solution into a cellular handset. Finally, in anticipation to a likely question from you, Nokia has begun volume production of their first product, incorporating our baseband and power management solution. Wireless combo solutions continue to grow on both the dollar and as a percentage of total revenue basis. A few highlights include, all five of our announced wireless combo solutions are now shipping, which is a bit ahead of schedule. Second, we've extended our traditional strength in the notebook standalone wireless LAN market into the netbook space, with four of the top five leading netbook vendors now shipping our wireless LAN solutions. We are also shipping wireless LAN and Bluetooth combination cards solutions into the netbook space and expect to ship to all of the top five netbook vendors shortly. Finally, our Bluetooth and wireless LAN connectivity solutions continue to find their way into consumer electronics, such as Blu-ray players and digital TVs. Many of these products are on store shelves today and we expect more this holiday season. Broadcom's ability to provide the video processing along with both wired and wireless connectivity provides us with a solid road map. Looking forward, we'll soon be announcing the new family of Bluetooth headset products that will dramatically improve the user experience. These are the first Bluetooth headset products developed in 65-nanometer, providing twice the battery life as current headsets. Fully integrated active power management will allow headsets to charge their batteries five times as fast as what's available today, and will be first integrate ROM-based wind noise suppression. That concludes our prepared comments. Now, we're ready for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) First question comes from Adam Benjamin from Jefferies & Co.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co: Scott, a little clarification on the netbook side of wireless LAN. You indicated four of five are now shipping wireless LAN. I'm assuming those are N, but if you can clarify that would be helpful. Then as it relates to the Bluetooth and Wi-Fi combo, do you expect to be shipping those soon. Can you just talk about your share, is it just one-off models, is it material within those OEMs? If you can give more color that, would be helpful.
Scott McGregor: The four of five I believe is a mix of both G and N. It's not exclusively N. Out of the five of five, those are material design wins in those customers. Those are not design wins in those customers.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co: Obviously, everyone's going to ask about the guidance. Can you just give a little color as to what you're thinking? Everyone's a little concerned about the constraints that the industry is seeing leading to stretching lead times and potentially some double ordering out there and eventual cancellations. What have you seen so far? Have you seen any cancellations and what are you thinking in terms of your flat guidance here?
Scott McGregor: We don't generally believe there's double ordering in our customers. There always might be a little bit here and there, but we don't believe it's significant, so that's certainly factored into our thinking here. I think Broadcom did better than many of our peers in terms of being able to supply in the second and third quarter, so we don't believe there is any aberration as a result in the order book from that.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co: As it relates to any specific product segment that you're seeing particular weakness in the sense of being down, some up, some down, or is it mostly all flat, if you can give a little more color, that would be great, too?
Scott McGregor: It's approximately flat for all three of our areas and our concern is that the economy is still not out of the woods yet, and it will be a little uncertain what's going to happen around Christmas with consumer demand. We're not economists, so we can't forecast this as well as maybe some of them can, but there's a little bit of concern about whether Santa's coming this year or not.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co: I just have one last question for Eric. Obviously, gross margin's been a big topic of conversation. You guys had a really strong quarter there. You have some tailwinds into next year, given the higher base that we're talking about finishing this quarter with, how should we be thinking about going into next year? Does that trend continue, I assume?
Eric Brandt: Adam, we said that we took the drop in gross margin very, very seriously. We've taken significant initiatives to improve the cost of the parts, to improve the overall purchasing prices, we're getting. I think we're seeing benefits both on the cost side, as well as on the mix side. Beyond that, as we roll into next year, I think you're going to see new lower costs, smaller die parts, which will improve the margin for us as we go forward. I think the other thing to look at, to give you a sense again, similar to Q2 if you look at Q3 gross margin is up 220 basis points and while it may look as though it's principally driven by the mix shift, ENG, bear in mind that ENG grew about $70 million and mobile and wireless excluding licensing grew about $120 million and we were still able to post very good margin increase.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Just a question on that gross margin side of things. Eric, can you give us a little more clarity on the write down in E&O that you took in the quarter in gross margin, and should that go away in the fourth quarter? I think you said there was about a $10 million one-time charge in the third.
Eric Brandt: Ross, you may recall that when we went through this, we analyzed what happens with E&O and we said that it typically troughs or peaks as a charge about one quarter past the trough, and that we expected things would start to turn around. In fact, aside from the one item in DTV, which was about $10 million, it did. In fact, the impact of E&O this quarter, even with that $10 million, was only about 10 basis points. So we received actually quarter-on-quarter about a 60-basis point benefit just on E&O. I expect that now that we've sort of washed through those major items, we should see the pattern where E&O begins to drift down over time.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: So if you had some offsetting things in the third quarter then the $10 million goes away, wouldn't that mean the fourth quarter should be up by at least $10 million less COGS because of the E&O dropping?
Eric Brandt: No. E&O in this quarter, was actually a charge of about $1.8 million. So we actually had $10 million hit from DTV and about $8 million of release in the quarter from other places. So net, net, it's essentially flat with zero in the quarter. As you know, when we forecast, we tend to forecast with E&O being roughly neutral across the quarter. So to the extent there is additional E&O release, we should see some gross margin upside.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Really quick on the OpEx side of things, can you just walk us through to the extent you can, how the OpEx should scale with either revenues, profitability or cash flow? I assume that it stays flat sequentially since you're guiding everything to be relatively flat in the fourth quarter, but if revenues end up growing, does OpEx have to pop up again?
Eric Brandt: No. Where we are is we've done our normal planning of the portfolio this summer. We are in the process of rebalancing resources. I think the DTV reduction that Scott mentioned is part of that, and we are putting resources on the highest ROI opportunities. So, as we look into next year, we are very focused on driving leverage through the P&L, which means growing profitability faster than revenue, and therefore, as we look at next year, the operating expenses should not grow at the rate of revenue. So we're trying to be very tight as we move forward into next year as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Ellis from Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Scott, you mentioned that you're getting some nice design wins with combo chips in netbooks, so it looks like you guys have done real well on handset products and netbook. Can you help us understand what some of the other applications are that you are targeted for your combo solutions?
Scott McGregor: Games is one area that we see as an opportunity. Certainly games are becoming far more connected, and so that makes it a richer environment for us, a richer opportunity for us. I think consumer electronics is a real area that we're going to see growth in. We're seeing things like wireless LAN and Bluetooth going into TV sets, Blu-ray players, set-top boxes and a lot of the portable handheld electronics devices as well, media players and whatnot. We believe that's an interesting opportunity. That's a good market for us because we're able to provide the video processing as well as the connectivity side and offer a combined chip in many cases, certainly a good story of how they work together.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: I know in the last quarter, combo chips were 10% of revenue. Can you help us understand how big they might be as we look out into the back half of 2010?
Scott McGregor: Well, we're certainly not going to update that number all the time, but combo chips have done very well. As we start to bring on new technologies, such as GPS, that significantly broadens the footprint for combo chips and we'll try to bring on other technologies there as well. So we think that's a pretty good opportunity.
Eric Brandt: The other thing I would add, Craig, the two largest selling chips, individual chips within the company are combo chips.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Eric a follow-up for you, just away from combo, but thinking about the guidance, I just want to check on foundry availability. Is that an issue for you? Should we think about how you guide the company? Are there any constraints at 65-nanometer that you're seeing?
Eric Brandt: We've had some spot issues, which unfortunately are painful for our customers, but as a percentage of our total revenue, it's not a major influence in terms of our revenue looking into Q4.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Berger from FBR capital.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: As you look at your enterprise business, which was up so strongly in the third quarter, is some of that in anticipation of a fourth quarter budget flush and how should we be thinking about that business as we move into 2010?
Scott McGregor: We don't see it as a budget flush. Certainly the enterprise market was down severely in the first and second quarter. We believe Q2 was a trough. Q3 represents what we believe is a return towards a more normal ordering pattern, but again, we aren't guiding that business down in Q4. We think we'll certainly see that business sustaining into Q4.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: Just as a follow-up, can you tell us what you're seeing in the set top box market, cable and satellite, kind of what typical trends would be as we move into the first quarter? What seasonality is for Q1 in that business?
Scott McGregor: It's a little hard to predict the seasonality right now, given the uncertainty around the capital cycle that typically drives that market and the availability of capital will certainly determine how aggressively a lot of the MSOs and carriers push the products there. We are seeing a lot of promotion right now from the various groups. We're seeing significant technology upgrades, analog reclaim in the cable space, a lot of marketing for additional HD channels and so forth, and marketing promotions in the satellite space. Then the emergence of the IP space, IP set top boxes as sort of a new segment for us. So there's a lot of activity going on there and we believe over the course of next year, those are all very positive trends for the business.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: Last one, are there any pockets of excess finished good inventory out there, do you think there's excess PC inventory out there ahead of Windows 7 launch or any other pockets?
Scott McGregor: Certainly there are probably pockets. We try to talk with our customers to understand it, but we don't see significant inventory in the channel, and as Eric mentioned, our turns were 8 turns in the quarter. So, we certainly don't have any kind of inventory situation at Broadcom. We're in great shape on inventory point of view. So, I think it's pretty clean, which gives me a little hope that we're not looking to see any kind of sell-off or stuff like that. We could be surprised, but frankly we're not seeing it when we talk to customers.
Operator: The next question comes from Tristan Gerra from Robert Baird. Please go ahead.
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird: Any particular product area where your products have been most depleted from an inventory standpoint and when do you expect internal inventories to return to more normal levels?
Eric Brandt: Tristan our inventory is at more normal levels. Normally, we target our inventory at 7 to 8 turns. We're at 8 currently, which may be a little bit higher than we would like. So our internal inventory is in pretty good shape. Do we, as Scott mentioned, have some spot places where we're tight? Yes, we do. I do think part of the benefit we had in Q3 certainly was the fact that we had really strong work from our operations team in meeting the demand of our customers. So I think we're managing this pretty well and I think relationships on the partners we have are being very helpful for us to do that. Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird What was the percentage of your mix at 65-nanometer?
Scott McGregor: It's approaching 40% of revenue.
Operator: The next question comes from James Schneider from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Maybe just a follow-up on the OpEx question, I know half of the $20 million increase for Q4 is due to legal, as you said, but can you give us some kind of idea about the kind of puts and takes, the reduction in the DTV business and any incremental customer support needs to support the baseband business going forward? How should we think about OpEx on a run rate basis ex-legal costs going forward?
Eric Brandt: The other of the remaining roughly half, half of that is tapeouts, and as you probably know, relative to the guidance we gave, again, excluding the bonus accrual issue, we were below the guidance we gave. The tapeout number is probably below the guidance we gave, so it tends to snow bowl over into the next quarter. So we have a significant number of tapeouts planned for Q4 and naturally also organizationally, people have objectives to get a number of tapeouts out by the end of the year, so we're hopeful that we get those out and I think that's good news. Of the remainder, which was mostly employee-based costs, some of that related to people we added in Q3, principally in the area of wireless connectivity to respond to increased demand and very high ROI opportunities for combo chips. So there's a rollover effect of that. I think in terms of the DTV, you'll get a piece of the benefit in Q4 and a piece of the benefit in Q1, but that's sort of the best color I can provide, unless, Jim, you have a different or more specific question related to those two pieces.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Do we expect it to come down? With less bonus accruals or anything like that, I mean is there anything, besides legal that would cause that to come down more materially?
Eric Brandt: What happens is, the way the bonus accrual works is when you step up like this, you have to catch up from the first half of the year. So the $16 million, it's really $17 million, $1 million is actually in cost of goods. Of that money, that catch up is split evenly between Q3 and Q4. So there's no step up. It's dead flat across the two quarters. To the extent that our performance isn't as good as the industry in Q4, because we measure ourselves on a relative basis, it might even come down, but it's dead flat on a bonus perspective Q3 to Q4. In terms of Q1, there are a whole bunch of puts and takes in Q1. The accrual would go back to 100%, so it would come down off of that stepped up rate. We have our annual merit increase, which will probably happen in Q1. We have this strange downward slope in fringe costs. We'll get the benefit of the DTV piece. So I am not trying to defer. There are just so many moving pieces right now that we'll try to talk more about it on Analyst Day and certainly as we provide guidance going into Q1 at the end of Q4.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Then if I could just ask one question on the enterprise networking business, you mentioned the strength in China and across a number of areas. Is that strength mostly confined to China, to what extent do you see strength in the US customers as well?
Scott McGregor: It started out last quarter as a strength in China, but it's really broadened to more worldwide. We see enterprise customers using it for virtualization and beginning to spend more and that was something we're definitely looking at. We're seeing port count going up, just in general there, so we believe it's more of a flow across the whole market and not just China driving it, although China is still a significant influence on that as they look to put backhaul in for a variety of broadband and 3G backhaul.
Eric Brandt: And Jim another data point to help you out there a little bit, as you take a look at our enterprise networking business, really looking at switching, about half of our switching revenue does come from the service provider space and the datacenters.
Operator: The next question comes from David Wu from GC Research.
David Wu - GC Research: What is the rough backlog coverage at this point on your guidance for Q4?
Eric Brandt: If you're asking whether we're expecting a significant amount of turns, we generally don't. We enter the quarter pretty much with what we expect to do in the quarter, so that's pretty much where we are this time. We haven't changed our assessment of where we are. I do think we still remain cautious and partially because we all forget what happened last Q4 in terms of the holiday season. So rather than perhaps be a little bit more aggressive, perhaps some other people are doing, we're remaining cautious until we see how the consumer sell-through goes and how the (inaudible) quarter goes in terms of what customers are doing. We think that with Analyst Day on December 15, we'll be able to give you a much better picture after the Thanksgiving holiday and most of the Christmas shopping has sort of rolled through.
David Wu - GC Research: I was just wondering whether there were any comments from many speculative customers that will make you be more nervous about, hopefully not a repeat of last year, but that they really have little or no visibility of how their business will be through Q4, which leads to some (inaudible) guidance at this point about Q4 revenues?
Eric Brandt: I think we're not hearing anything in particular. I think we just have general macroeconomic concerns that don't give us the confidence to forecast that we're going to power through Q4 and into Q1. So I think we're being a little cautious there.
David Wu - GC Research: Any cutbacks from the wireless customers and there is some talk about one of your customers, or one big customer out there cutting back on their wireless chipset for the phones business. 
Scott McGregor: I think you hear that every so often around a particular customer and sometimes it tends to wrap around their fiscal year end as they manage the balance sheet. Whether that's real in terms of their overall belief of where demand is, it's very hard to say. Again, I think that we've given what we think is a reasonable view of the market and until we can sort of see how the Thanksgiving holiday comes through, which with the order patterns we'll remain somewhat cautious in terms of what we provide in terms of guidance.
Operator: The next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: I hate to ask it again, but I think I understand your concern over the macro and how that's helping to color the Q4 guidance. I guess relative to the commentary that everything is looking sort of flattish, is that just as well being colored by the macro, or can you help me get some understanding from bottoms-up perspective, whether you are more concerned about consumer, more concerned about corporate relative to that flat guidance?
Scott McGregor: We certainly do a bottoms-up analysis looking into our quarter. We also try and take into account what we think is going to happen in subsequent quarters and do the best we can at looking at our customers' customers as well, and so we do a composite of that and we try and also take a finger in the wind sense of what's the economy doing and that's how we create our guidance. So on that basis, we feel that the right way to call it is approximately flat going from Q3 to Q4 and approximately the same across all our businesses, no meaningful variation between one versus the other.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: My only other question is, and I know you're not going give me absolute numbers and I'm not looking for them, but can you help me understand, when you look at the gross margin of the collective silicon you guys are selling into the cellular market today, how much room for improvement do you have over a longer period of time, whether that's through cost downs, increasing integration, or just share gains, as that market suppliers becomes more rational, and is that sort of the biggest opportunity to get gross margins up for the overall corporate? 
Eric Brandt: Again, just if you look at the quarter with 220 basis points of improvement, and obviously, as I mentioned, some 60 basis points, 65 basis points of that relates to an E&O amount. Our mobile and wireless sector was up $120 million excluding licensing. That's up the most in terms of dollar amounts than any other segment in the company and the gross margins actually increased in the face of that. So that's number one. Number two, we are actually very excited about a variety of cost downs second and third and even fourth generation chips in the wireless connectivity and combo space area, which we think will help margins. We also think that there are cost down opportunities in the mobile space, as well as, as the mobile business begins to ramp further, there are overhead absorption opportunities. So we do believe that there are opportunities to increase the business area gross margin over time as we ramp across next year.
Scott McGregor: Also in terms of the amount of silicon that we're going to likely sell into the handsets, I think that's going to go up dramatically. Let me give you a couple of examples. We're still seeing Bluetooth continue to increase its penetration, but I think the two things that are going to really drive this forward are GPS and wireless LAN, just really making great strides, double-digit increases in penetration into the cellular phone space. We believe we can get a significant piece of that market. Then of course, our multimedia processors, cellular basebands, power management, and so forth, are doing quite well. Just to give you a little bit of a sense there and Eric mentioned earlier what our top two selling products were, they were combo chips, our third top selling product in Q3 was a cellular baseband chip. So just to give you a sense that we see dramatic pickup in that market and that has some (inaudible) to it.
Operator: The next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital: Question on the switching side. Have you thought of getting revenues from Metro Ethernet switches on carrier, and is the competition finally ASIC type in that market and how will that market shape going forward? Can you give us more color on that one?
Scott McGregor: Do have revenue from the Metro space from our earlier acquisition. It's not a huge percentage of our business, but we do see that definitely growing. We also have some ASIC business in that space as well. We work with some of the larger carriers in that space and we do have a bit of ASIC business. Generally Broadcom doesn't have a lot of ASIC business, but we do have some in that space.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital: Can you give us some idea of what kind of size that market will become in next two or three years?
Scott McGregor: No, I don't have numbers to quantify that for you. Sorry.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital: A quick one for Eric. When does your raise become effective, and is it fair to assume a 5% kind of average raise?
Eric Brandt: If I tell you, then I've told the entire company, but I would just say normally it was Q2. I think this year since we didn't do a raise in 2009, we'll consider doing it in Q1. So, I would assume roughly halfway through Q1 and then historically it's run about twelveish million dollars a quarter when it's fully loaded and in. So six, seven, eight probably for Q1, starting point, till I have some more information and we finalize our budget.
Operator: The next question comes from Srini Pajjuri from CLSA.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA: Scott, historically your wireless business had a nice Q4 and you are still ramping lot of new products. I'm somewhat surprised by the fact that you're guiding for flattish in that business. So my question is, looking at the combo chips and the baseband are there any other segments within the wireless that are offsetting the growth in new product ramps, or is it generally flat across the board?
Scott McGregor: Srini, no there aren't any things that are offsetting there, or causing it to go down. I mean I can give you maybe something that would be helpful is that we are not forecasting share loss going into Q4, so if that's helpful to you in terms of how we see that.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA: On the baseband business, you mentioned that you're starting to ramp Nokia. In general, at a high level, how should we think about this business as we enter 2010 and in terms of the trajectory and the growth prospects?
Scott McGregor: We believe it will be a major growth driver for Broadcom next year. We have growth in the two customers that we've talked about and potential for growth in other customers. So we do believe that's one of the major revenue drivers for us next year.
Peter Andrew: Srini to kind of give you a starting point, if you look last quarter, our cellular revenue was approaching $100 million. That should give you a starting point.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA: Is that a quarterly number, Peter?
Scott McGregor: Yes, that is correct.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA: One final question for Eric. Eric, you said you're not including the D&O benefit in OpEx guidance. Do you have I mean some idea as to when that might actually hit you in terms of when you might see the benefit, and also, how long that might last?
Eric Brandt: Well, it's a one-time recovery of D&O and it was in an 8-K, with $118 million less money we received, less the money out for the plaintiffs attorney, so net to us it should be about $60 million to $63 million. The court is expected to hear that on December 14, and given the vagaries of the end of the year and verdict in the court, we didn't count that. If that happens, we would go from an up 20 to a down 40 number for Q4.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA: It's going to be one-quarter impact whenever that happens?
Eric Brandt: Right. It would just be a one quarter effect.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Lipacis from Morgan Stanley.
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley: Eric, how should we model options expense going forward?
Eric Brandt: It's coming down. I think if you look at what we granted this year, it's about half of what we granted in 2007, and so as you plug it into whatever consensus number you have for next year, you can see that this number is moving down from the 12% to 14%, and we just take the number we granted, and plugged it in as a full number for next year, you would be in the vicinity of 6%. So we are moving very quickly down to that 4% number. However, we do have the legacy costs, which will come off over time. I think depending on the timing of the grant and the price of the stock at the time we grant it, Peter has said sort of fiftyish million dollars, it might be $30 million to $50 million next year down. We'll have a better picture of that again on Analyst Day and I'll update you at that point.
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley: On the baseband business, two questions here. Are you ramping one customer in volume, or is it two customers in volume? Then the second question is what's the risk that you start ramping somebody and then all of a sudden they say, "Okay, we don't like the product and we're going to stop doing this?" Could you help us understand that risk?
Scott McGregor: Sure. We're in quite high volume with Samsung at this point in both in 2G and 3G. We've begun to ramp at Nokia, so just to make that more clear. Most of our revenue at this point is from Samsung. In terms of can they get into the product and decide they don't like it? Sure. That's always the prerogative of a customer, although we've invested many years together of R&D on this. So, I don't think there's anything surprising to our customers about what our product is and what it does. So, I would think that's unlikely.
Operator: The next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS: When you describe your cellular business, you were talking about being in smart feature phones, should I understand those to be kind of lower end and if so, does that have margin implications and what would it take to be more in the higher end of this smart phone business? I have a follow-on on that.
Scott McGregor: When we say smart feature phones, we're referring to probably the high end of the EDGE market, the highest end of the EDGE market, so that would be an EDGE phone that had, for example, a touch screen, applications capability, push email, things like that. The Samsung Star is probably a good example of one of those phones to a low end 3G model, which would, a low end smartphone, a 3G model. So it would have, again, many of those same features. It's not quite as high end as the top end of the smartphone market, but it's certainly not a low end phone.
Uche Orji - UBS: In terms of getting to the high end market, just one question, you've kind of said you are not interested in selling branded application processes and is that a constraint in getting to the high end of the market, and if so, is there any reconsideration of that strategy?
Scott McGregor: That might keep us from getting in the top 1% of the market, but I don't think that's in any way constraining what we're doing right now. In fact, if you look at our products, we bundle in right now to our basebands, they have a coprocessor. There are two processors in them. They have one arm processor that supports the baseband and they have another arm processor that's totally dedicated towards applications. So what that has done is, it has made Broadcom the most cost effective solution for these low end smartphones, high end feature phones, if you will, where you want pretty good overall capability, and good battery life, and good cost capabilities, but you just don't need that super-high end, multi-gigahertz processor, which again is a verified part of the market, so we believe we've hit the sweet spot of the market there.
Uche Orji - UBS: Just a different question on connectivity, lot of your competitors, TI as it was reported earlier and they made comments about gaining share. I'm not sure how and who is losing in this market. Everybody seems to be doing quite well. Do you have a sense as to where your market share might be\and any comments as to what the comments made by your competitors will imply for you?
Scott McGregor: Well, we certainly do a lot of analysis when we see competitor's report and we look at that. I think we've been generally gaining share over the course of this year. It's possible we might have lost a little share in Q3, but I don't see us losing share going forward. I think I mentioned in my earlier remarks, quite a few design wins at some of those customers who are gaining share. So it's little puzzling to me how everybody gain share, as you pointed out. So we'll just have to wait and see what people's results are. I would be a little cautious about using people's guidance to go figure out who is gaining share. I think you should use people's results to figure out who is gaining share.
Operator: The next question comes from Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America. Please go ahead.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Eric, couple of questions. First, on the tapeouts, you talked about a little bit of an increase on costs associated with that. Anything you could guide us to in terms of what the trajectory of that metric would look like heading into next year?
Eric Brandt: It tends to be lumpy. I think as we go into next year and we see more 40-nanometer tapeouts, we could see the tapeout costs drift up a little bit into next year, but it moves up and down. This quarter is probably about our record quarter I think in tapeouts, or just about. So it could come down a little bit, but again, remember, the mix is going to start shifting. Not on every product, because we're not doing this across the board, but we're starting to shift to a new process geometry, which does cost a little bit more on the tapeout side. In fact, we had a number of 40-nanometers tapeouts, almost 10% of our tapeouts in Q3 were 40-nanometers.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Then on the legal expenses, any sense or whether you have visibility that this should peak in Q1, or do you think this could drift out to Q2?
Eric Brandt: The other trial begins in Q1. My suspicion is it will be pretty high in Q1. If it ends in Q1, it could come down a little bit I think in Q2, but you have a pretty good picture of what that number is. It should drift down across next year as the large trials come to an end.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Just a clarification, will it drift down or will it be a step down? I would imagine it would be more of a step down with the trial.
Eric Brandt: It will be more of a step down.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: And then into Q1, do we see a major acceleration in this metric, or do you think are on the same trajectory?
Eric Brandt: I wish we knew. I mean it's very hard to get forecasts from former employees' attorneys. We just don't know.
Operator: The next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: Just wanted to revisit the gross margins again. I know they were still up in the quarter, where wireless was still up very strong and I think that maybe points to the strength of some of the enterprise. I'm still just trying to reconcile that it would be a long-term margin consequence as based on does become bigger and bigger portion of your mix. I wondered if you could give me a little color on what I should be looking for, for gross margins in the long-term is based on it becomes a bigger and bigger portion?
Eric Brandt: As we've said before, we have not changed our long-term view of gross margins. We certainly went through a difficult patch in 2009 and I think we have responded aggressively. If you look just at sort of Q3 to Q4, for instance, on the old non-GAAP metric, we're 49.4. If you plug into the top end of our guidance, we're 49.9. So we're already within spitting distance of being back within our targeted non-GAAP range. That's with a continual growing of our wireless business. To be a little more direct would be to say I think people's presumptions of what our margins in our wireless business are far worse. I wouldn't say far worse, they are worse than what they really are. We do have a good wireless business. We have a road map for cost reduction and gross margin expansion that we're excited about, and we feel good that even rolling into Q4 that if we have a little bit of tail wind in E&O, we could be back in our targeted range.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: One quick question on the OpEx. So the $16 million this quarter, which was not forecast, I just want to get a little bit of color on why it was not forecast and what that actually means in terms of relative revenue growth and cash flow. Is that just relative to the market? How do you define that and what does that sort of imply for, either forecast or not forecast further OpEx expenses going forward into the new year depending on what the market does?
Scott McGregor: So as we rolled through Q2, we had an estimate of where we thought we were going to be, where we thought the market was going to be and that triggered a formulaic accrual. Now, the way the accrual works, and there's an 8-K on this is, we take a market estimate, there are three elements to the bonus pool, there is a relative revenue growth, so we measure ourselves on whether we're gaining market share in aggregate, and that means by simply growing faster than the market. We had a cash flow target for the company going into this year. Recall that everybody thought the world was coming to an end and the key was to make sure that in a real heavily recessioned market that cash flow was positive in the company and we had committed to running at least $75 million a quarter and that would have been about $300 million for the year. As you can see, we're already over $650 million for the first half of the year. Now, that scale does slide if the industry growth rate recovered significantly, but it hasn't recovered significantly relative to what the estimates were. Then the last part, the smallest part relates to just discretionary, whether we are making progress strategically as a company and winning these kinds of design wins and product opportunities that we can. So coming out of Q2, we had a view. Q3 turned out to be much stronger than we thought. As we started to increase our estimates for Q3 and Q4 commensurately, sort of almost in lock step, our growth rate improved meaningfully. So if you look at the numbers, and I apologize for the long answer, I mean just take the guidance we've given on a product basis. The company would be down 6.5%, 5.5% with licensing, and if you look at the industry estimates, Gartner's down 17, In-Stat down 19, WSTS down 20, 21. JPMorgan down 13. Deutsche Bank down 17. I suspect they will get better, but the forecast for the industry as they stand today, which is what we use in terms of estimating our relative revenue growth, and we do adjust for the markets we're in, versus the rest of the industry. We are, we are doing the industry is declining two or more times faster than us, which means we are gaining market share. So as we plug that in, we have a catch up effect for Q1 and Q2, which we didn't see at the time, which is what causes that $16 million hit in Q3, which really winds up being, by the way $16 million in Q3 and $16 million in Q4. So it's really a $34 million OpEx in the second half of the year that was unforecasted in the first half of the year.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: That's very clear. I appreciate it. That total $34 million is that like a one-time bonus and then you'd have to get more going forward, or does that sustained?
Eric Brandt: No, it's a one-time pickup off of the ongoing number. So there was an ongoing number that was in the bonus pool and the catch-up effect for the year is $34 million and then the bonus pool would revert back to its original numbers for next year, assuming that bonus pool looks about the same.
Operator: The next question comes from Quinn Bolton from Needham and Company.
Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company: Scott, now that you've shown pretty good success in the cellular business, reaching almost $100 million just in the third quarter, can you talk about your plans to begin to expand your reach in terms of customers and reach out to new customers? And to the extent you do that, given the amount of time and money you've invested to-date in cellular, can you ramp a third, a fourth, a fifth customer faster than the first two or will it still take a couple of years to engage with new customers?
Scott McGregor: Those are good questions, and it certainly depends on what kinds of customers, whether they are more ODM in nature or which geography they are. We find that customers in the cellular space some take two years from when you start an engagement to when they ship products. Some take three months. So it really varies a little bit. I would say in general so far, we've been with the customers that take among the longer periods of time, but I'm not going to get more specific than that. I think we're sort of a little shy about forecasting new customers and growth in the cellular space. We'll guide that quarter-to-quarter, but we do expect to, again, grow significantly next year. It's one of the major revenue drivers for the company year-to-year.
Quinn Bolton - Needham and Company: Then just a follow-up for Eric. Can you give us a rough sense of how large the E&O reserve is now and how that compares to a more normal level? Just trying to get a sense of how much benefit you could be taking through the income statement as you get back to more normal levels for E&O reserves?
Eric Brandt: Between E&O and what's called purchase quarter reserve, PO reserves, we are in the $80 million range. It's hard to tell you what it is. As the revenue number grows for the company in terms of we manage our inventory, but that's 80 on an inventory level of 300. So you can see we are over 20% and typically this number has run 10%, 11%, 12%, 13%, 14%. So there is some room for this number to come down.
Scott McGregor: Hearing no other questions. In closing, I would like to leave everyone with a few thoughts. Broadcom had a very strong Q3. We've grown faster than the industry. We've improved our operating leverage, and we're looking forward to additional margin leverage in Q4. Finally, one last reminder, we'll be hosting our 2009 Analyst Day event in Santa Clara on December 15. If you need any additional details on this event, please give Peter a call. With that, thanks, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in Broadcom's third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. This concludes the conference for today. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 16:45:00) =====
Executives: Peter Andrew - VP of Corporate Communications Scott McGregor - CEO Eric Brandt - CFO
Analysts: James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse Uche Orji - UBS Sumit Dhanda - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company Mark Lipacis - Bank of America/Morgan Stanley Tim Luke - Barclays Capital Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Craig Berger - FBR Markets Srini Pajjuri - CLSA Dan Amir - Lazard Capital Markets Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers David Wu - Global Crown Research  Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Shawn Webster - JPMorgan Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird Arnab Chanda - Roth Capital 
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom second quarter year 2009 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). Your speakers for today are Scott McGregor, Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer. Eric Brandt, Broadcom's Chief Financial Officer, and Peter Andrew, Vice-President, Corporate Communications. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrew. Please go ahead.
Peter Andrew: During this call we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue, gross margin and operating expense targets for the third quarter of 2009 and any other future periods, as well as statements about the prospects for our various businesses, potential market share and the development status and planned availability of new product's. You should note that the guidance we provide today is based upon forecast that require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions using the information that is available to us at this time. It should be clearly understood that our actual performance and financial results may differ substantially from our forecasts and other forward-looking statements we make today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results, include among other thing general economic condition, are discussed in the risk factors section of our 2008 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of today's earnings release. As always we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update any forward-looking statement except as required by law. Please refer to the Investor Section of our website at www.broadcom.com for additional historical, financial and statistical information, including the information required by SEC Regulation-G. In addition, we've placed a slide deck, which is available now in the Investor Relations section of our website, it is on the right hand side of the page under the "2009, Q2 Earning Information" section. In this deck we have incorporated additional tables and information regarding our historical performance and our future guidance. With that, let me now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today. We are pleased to report net revenue of $1.04 billion in the second quarter, which came in at the upper end of the guidance range we provided and represented an increase of 22% sequentially and a decline of 13% year-over-year. On a product revenue basis, excluding licensing revenue, second quarter revenue was up nearly 17% sequentially and down about 17% year-over-year. Eric will talk more about the numbers in a few minutes. Growth in the quarter was driven by a return to more normal customer ordering patterns, following the dramatic decline in orders and adjustments in Q4 2008 and Q1 2009, due to the economic downturn. Our Mobile and Wireless target market led the growth in the quarter, where we experienced strength in a number of areas including wireless combo chips, cellular basebands, stand-alone Wireless LAN Solutions, Bluetooth and GPS. Within our Broadband Communications target market we experienced broad base growth, as it appears our customers brought their inventory levels more in line with the new level of anticipated end demand. Finally, our Enterprise Networking target market revenue declined overall as we anticipated. The PC and server related areas grew a bit more than we expected, while our switching business was down pretty much in line with expectations. We believe that we've seen a bottom in switching demand from our Enterprise Networking customers. Based upon the customer activity we've experienced to-date, we expect the revenue momentum we experienced in the second quarter to continue into the third quarter. We anticipate this revenue growth will be broad based, with the greatest dollar growth contribution from our Mobile and Wireless target market driven by new product ramps and our customers preparing for the upcoming holiday season. Since the economic situation remains uncertain we'll continue to be cautious about increasing operating expenses. However, we are taking this opportunity to accelerate both 65-nanometer and 40-nanometer tapeout to enhance our competitive and cost position and we'll add resources judiciously for opportunities that have strong ROIs. Overall, we'll continue to focus our engineering investments on convergence and the positive end-user experience generated by incorporating feature-rich network connectivity into Broadcom's key platforms. I'll now turn the call over to Eric, for details on the second quarter numbers, and third quarter guidance.
Eric Brandt: Thanks, Scott. As you probably noticed this quarter we modified the presentation of our income statement to break out our intellectual property licensing revenue. In order to provide the appropriate comparison, prior periods have been recast into this new format. As you will note, we've had a small amount of IP licensing revenue included in our financials beyond the revenue associated with the QUALCOMM or Verizon agreements. Historically when we've provided revenue guidance, as we did in April, it has included these amounts for both gross margin and product revenue. As you look at the financials, the key change is that there was approximately $6 million in licensing revenue in Q1 and Q2 of this year, which has been reclassified from overall revenue to licensing revenue, which impacts product gross margin by approximately 40 basis points in both periods, due to the new presentation format. Small amounts of chip based licensing revenue have been a part of product sales for sometime and as such have been part of the margin guidance. Please refer to the slide deck on the Investor Section of our website for quarterly data going back to Q1 2007 under this new mapping. We've also included slide showing what Q1 and Q2 results would have been under both the old and new methodologies so you are able to get a clear picture of our results in either scenario. Moving to the financial overview. To summarize, total revenue of $1.04 billion including $966 million in product revenue and $74 million in licensing revenue. Total revenue was up 22% and product revenue was up 17% from Q1. Utilizing the new classifications on an apples-to-apples basis, product gross Marge in Q2 increased 20 basis points to 46.3% versus 46.1% in Q1. Please refer to the web financials for our full reconciliation of how the reclassification affects these numbers. Q2 2009 GAAP R&D plus SG&A expense was $502 million. On a comparable basis these expenses increased just $4 million over Q1, which was well below the guidance in April. Earnings per share for Q2 were $0.03. This includes approximately $0.01 per share negative impact associated with the nonrecurring items in Q2 of settlements, our charitable contribution, asset impairment and the remnants of our previously disclosed restructuring that we undertook in Q1 2009. Stock based compensation represented approximately $123 million or approximately $0.24 per diluted share. Cash flow from operations for Q2 was $328 million, which includes the $200 million payment from QUALCOMM. Our cash and marketable securities balance increased to a balance of $2.3 billion at the end of the quarter. Moving to revenue and gross margin. In April, we said that we expected Q2 revenue in the range of $900 million to $975 million. What occurred in Q2 was Broadcom generated total net revenue of $1.04 billion, of which $67 million is attributable to the QUALCOMM agreement. Removing the QUALCOMM license revenue yields revenue, using the old methodology, of $973 million in revenue at the high end of our guidance range. With respect to Broadband Communications we saw solid growth across all targeted end markets. In the Mobile and Wireless end market we experienced broad base growth across virtually all segments. As forecasted our Enterprise Networking targeted end market decline, driven by principally by Ethernet switching, offset somewhat by growth in the controller product lines. Our Q2 GAAP product gross margin increased 20 basis points to 46.3%, up from 46.1% in Q1, which is slightly below the improvement estimate provided on our last earnings call due to somewhat higher E&O charges than anticipated. Moving to operating expenses. As you will note from the income statement with respect to operating expenses, we've adopted the format used by other companies with significant licensing revenue, which now includes product costs, but no longer breaks out gross profit or gross margins as distinct lines in the financials. As such, I will refine my commentary on operating expenses through the R&D and SG&A expenses. Once again, we had better than expected performance in controlling our R&D and SG&A expenses. Total R&D and SG&A expenses for Q2 were up only $4 million from Q1 levels, much less than the increase of $10 million to $20 million we expected in April. Much of this favorability came as a result of tight cost controls, particularly in the areas of employee costs and discretionary spending, as well as continued favorability in the mask and prototyping area. During the quarter, we also booked $3 million of net expense associated with a number of one-time items. The most significant of which are; $58 million settlement gain principally related to the QUALCOMM agreement. $11million asset impairment related to a specific customer intangible associated with the AMD DTV acquisition, as revenue is currently forecasted below the initial projections. While disappointing, we've already begun to take action on the digital TV cost structure. A $50 million pledge from the Broadcom Foundation to support mathematics and science education in the communities in which Broadcom operates. We increased total company headcount in Q2 by 15 to a worldwide total of 7,200. Moving to the balance sheet, as I mentioned earlier, total cash and marketable securities were $2.3 billion, as we generated positive cash flow from operations of $328 million. We repurchased approximately 2 million shares of stock in the quarter at an average price of $25 per share as part of our ongoing goal to offset dilution associated with our annual equity grants. As we indicated in April, we expected inventory turns to improve. Based on the strong work of our operations team and increased demand we were able to improve turns to 7.4 times. Assuming no further shocks to the industry we anticipate turns will improve further next quarter. Our accounts receivable day sales outstanding increased one day to 39 days. Also during the quarter the US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ruled on a case between Xilinx and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, regarding the treatment of certain compensation expenses under R&D cost sharing agreements. While the case may be appealed and reversed, it affects many companies with cost sharing agreements and we are one of those companies. The most significant affect for Broadcom is a one-time reduction of our federal and state net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $600 million and $300 million respectively. Additionally, there is a minor P&L tax impact of approximately $3 million in the quarter. For more information regarding the tax impact of the decision and the Xilinx case to Broadcom refer to this quarter's 10-Q. Moving to expectations, we currently expect total net revenue in Q3 to increase 7% to 14% from Q2. Included in that number is licensing revenue, which should be approximately $55 million. We anticipate the QUALCOMM agreement to provide $51.7 million per quarter in licensing revenue in Q3, through the first quarter of 2012, then step down to somewhat lower levels through the end of the agreement. Please refer to our 10-Q for more detail on the accounting. In looking at what we expect to happen in our target product markets in Q3. In Broadband Communications, we expect revenue growth across virtually all targeted end markets. In Mobile and Wireless, we anticipate strong sequential revenue growth virtually across the board, driven by new product ramps and normal seasonality. Our Enterprise Networking business should also grow solidly in Q3, driven by improving customer order patterns, particularly in the Ethernet switching area. We expect product gross margins to improve solidly by around 125 basis points or more. With respect to R&D and SG&A expenses in Q3, we expect the core businesses expenses to be up $15 million to $20 million, of which more than half will be driven by tapeouts and prototyping costs as we drive to not only second and third generation 65-nanometer products and new lower cost optimized products to improve gross margin, but also stepping up the pace of 40-nanometer tapeouts. In fact, in Q2 revenue from 65-nanometer products were close to 30% of our product revenue. Beyond that, with the options litigation cases picking up we expect additional legal expenses in the quarter associated with that. Finally, we expect stock based compensation to be up $5 million to $6 million due in part to a Q2 reversal of $4 million associated with our employee stock purchase program and the full quarter effect of our annual equity grants made in Q2. I will now, turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor: Thanks, Eric. I will start out with comments about our Enterprise Networking target market since this Group was in the news quite a bit in the last few months. First some brief comments on Emulex and FCoE or Fibre Channel over Ethernet. We tried unsuccessfully four times to enter into a negotiated transaction with Emulex with that opportunity now behind us, we've moved on to other value creating alternatives to capitalize on the converged enterprise networking opportunities. This is a market that will take a number of years to materialize, so we have time to develop and deploy our strategy. With regard to our plans for incorporating the FCOE stack into our converged NIC product offering, unless there is a material event, we will pursue our normal way of disclosing our products, which is to wait until our customers' products enter the market. Moving on to the performance of our Enterprise Networking target market, revenue in the quarter was down 4% as we had expected. As growth in controllers was more than offset by declines in switching in other areas. The strength in the controller space was driven by an improvement in the PC market. On the switching side revenue was down, driven mainly by weakness in the enterprise segment. Our customer service provider business grew in the quarter and we believe we've seen some signs of customer activity returning in the enterprise market that will lead to growth in the third quarter. From a product perspective, as we look into 2009 and beyond, our investments will focus on driving 10 gigabyte Ethernet deeper into server, switches and the metro space. In our Broadband communications target market revenue grew almost 15% sequentially, driven by broad base growth across the product areas. As we anticipated, customers have resumed more normal ordering patterns. We are also seeing increased activity in digital TV and consumer electronics, as our customers prepare for the upcoming holiday season. Broadcom is deploying new platforms for the home such as Internet-ready digital TVs and Blu-ray players, network set-top boxes and advanced high speed Broadband modems. By incorporating Ethernet wireless LAN, Bluetooth, MoCA and other communications technologies into our SoCs, our customers are able to differentiate and dramatically expand the capabilities of their product lines. One example of this is flat panel TVs, which have been around for a number of years competing mainly by making the panels bigger and increasing the picture quality. By adding internet connectivity digital TV manufacturers are now able to offer customers a user experience comparable to PCs and smartphones. These advancements can be seen in LG's broadband HDTV family of products. By utilizing Broadcom's digital TV silicon with integrated Ethernet technology LG is able to offer Netflix instant streaming and Yahoo! Widgets directly through their HDTV, enabling the whole new entertainment experience in the home. We see a number of long-term positive trends in our Broadband Communications target market. One is Internet-enabled platforms within the home continuing to grow. Also, demand for online video content will drive sales of next generation high speed modems utilizing DOCSIS 3.0 and EDSL and (inaudible) access technology. And finally, demand for greater bandwidth throughout the home will drive the adoption of gigabyte Ethernet, 102.11n and MoCA high-speed home networking technologies. In the second quarter, we took an $11 million impairment charge in our DTV business, reflecting reduced revenue expectations from a customer in the business we acquired from AMD last year. When we bought the business it was our intention that the people could be leveraged to other parts of our business given the commonality of the technology. However, current forecast of the DTV business, coupled with our desire to maintain tight cost control unfortunately requires us to take action. We do continue to see DTV as a long-term growth driver for Broadcom. As we look into the third quarter, we anticipate that our Broadcom Communications target market will experience broad based revenue growth. In our Mobile and Wireless target market product revenue was up approximately 34% sequentially across a number of different areas including wireless combo chips, cellular basebands, stand-alone Wireless LAN Solutions, Bluetooth and GPS. Starting out with our cellular products, we experienced solid revenue growth driven primarily by single chip EDGE baseband and power management chips going into volume production at one of our customers. We believe we are the only supplier that's in volume production with an EDGE analog and digital baseband in RF all on a single 65-nanometer die. We are making good progress with our EDGE solutions with our lead customers and have increased volume production of our 3G basebands as our newer solutions start to roll out in phones this quarter. Our goal in the cellular area is to provide a complete platform including connectivity solutions with enough flexibility to enable our customers to select features and functions they want to utilize in either discreet or integrated bases. Wireless combination chips continue to see strong customer demand and remain a major growth opportunity for Broadcom. In the second quarter revenue generated from our wireless combo chips represented over 10% of Broadcom's total product revenue. Our wireless combo products today are providing feature rich network connectivity for cell-phones and personal media devices. We are in many of the best selling products for multiple manufacturers around in the world. Our steady cadence in bringing wireless combo products to market started with our Bluetooth plus FM product and was followed by next generation devices, incorporating 802.11g. Later this year we anticipate products on the store shelves including our new Bluetooth plus GPS product and our new triple-play solution, including Bluetooth, FM and 802.11n. In total we have five combo chips sampling in the market today, of which three are now in volume production. On a cumulative basis, Broadcom has generated over half a billion dollars in revenue from our wireless combo devices. In the PC space, wireless LAN and Bluetooth revenue grew over 50% sequentially. Broadcom has announced a series of wireless combo cards targeted at the PC, UMPC and netbook markets. These combo cards leverage our state-of-the-art wireless LAN and Bluetooth technologies and have better coexistence performance, smaller size, lower solution costs and provide many of the advantages of our single chip combos. We also continue to focus on stand-alone wireless LAN, where we experienced solid double digit revenue growth in Q2 and expect continued momentum into Q3. Lastly, I would like to highlight our establishment of the Broadcom Foundation, with initial pledged funding of $50 million. The Foundation will enable us to significantly expand our support of math and science education and community services. Broadcom is committed to support the communities where we work and to invest in the future through education. So in closing, it was a good quarter for Broadcom and we look forward to strong revenue growth again in the third quarter. This concludes our prepared comments. We were now ready for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first comes from James Schneider of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: I guess first of all on the gross margins, what do you think it will take to get the product gross margins back within your target range? Is that just on mix or do we have to get all of the cost reductions on the optimized 65-nanometer and 40-nanometer part to get there? And in what timeframe do you expect that?
Eric Brandt: Jim, there is a lot of moving parts on that one. I think that we are excited that we are seeing solid improvement going into Q3. I think that we have a number of initiatives underway. Many of which we talked about with respect to the tapeouts and cost optimized products. I think there could be some benefits from mix as well, and obviously, tailwinds as we work through some of the E&O that we have taken in the event that we get to sell some of that product. All in all, as I said before, it's hard to say how to draw conclusions in such a strange market, but I think the good news is, as we have with operating costs we have a plan on the table and we are executing against it and I think we are going to see some benefits in Q3 and we'll see how it plays out as we roll across into Q4 into next year.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Fair enough. And then maybe just a follow-up on the OpEx side. How should we think of OpEx as we move into Q4 and specifically what you are expecting in terms of legal and tapeout expenses in the back-half part of the year? And then as part of that, at what point, either revenue or cash flow, would you expect that you might start to begin hiring back additional headcount?
Eric Brandt: Jim, we don't provide the guidance beyond the quarter. Certainly there are options litigation cases that are going to trial in October. And in February for our former officers and there will be some expense associated with that. In terms of projecting that expense, it's difficult to do so. I think having removed the QUALCOMM legal expenses, moving through virtually all of the Emulex expenses and we reported our results this quarter. Even in the face of those expenses on the legal and other service side we still have strong operating expense control. As Scott mentioned, to the extent that we can continue to drive competitive advantage and cost reductions and tapeouts, we will not slow those down. With respect to people and fixed cost associated with our business, I think we remain cautious. We are watching the economy closely. I think there are a number of very high ROI opportunities and to the extent that we think that there are opportunities to really drive in very high ROI opportunities in front of us, we will add small amounts of people. A good example of that is in the combo chip area, where we are literally limited by the number of design engineers we have to service the customer request coming in.
Operator: Our next question comes from Randy Abrams of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse: Want to follow-up on the gross margins. For the E&O charges I just want to get a sense on how much impact you have now, so if you were to look at it now versus where you were in 2008, before the downturn? In guiding up 125 basis points or more, maybe talk about what's factored into the base case and then what could get you the additional?
Eric Brandt: Sure. As I think I may have shown you the chart, we have plotted the data in terms of how E&O behaves as a percent of total inventory. And as we sort of looked at it, we expected it would go up this quarter. It went up a little more than we thought this quarter by amounts similar to prior quarter may be a little bit less. But typically these things tend to peak about one quarter pass to trough and then as you take a snapshot of that inventory, in the event that you sell that inventory and demand returns then you wind up selling basically 100% margin business. So to the extent that some demand returns for some of these older products we will benefit from that over time. I think as we look at Q3, we will benefit certainly from the increased volume and the overhead absorption side of things. We've tried to be conservative as we look at E&O and not assume significant E&O movement one way or the other, even though the pattern would suggest it begins to move favorably as a tailwind after that quarter. And then I think there is some product mix opportunities that are in front of us that could be beneficial into Q3 and into Q4. So we are watching all of those. We are trying to be cautious. And again, as I said many times, at least from my chair, I'm trying to play defense until we can really get comfort we've stabilized in the economy and in our gross margins before we start adding significant resources.
Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse: To follow-up, if you could look ahead, products ramping and wireless' had a big ramp for last couple of quarters. If you could look out a further quarter, we don't know the underlying macro, but across each of your businesses if you could talk, as enterprise is starting to rebound, you've had a big surge in wireless, maybe your expectations beyond this quarter for Broadcom specific events heading into the fourth quarter?
Scott McGregor: Yes. I'm sorry Randy we don't guide beyond the current quarter, so we will see in about three months and give you that information.
Operator: And our next question comes from of Uche Orji of UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS: Let me first of all ask you about if you can give us an insight as to the lead times across your various products. Are there any areas where you are experiencing tightness? Also, if you can talk about adjacent product that may or may not be creating problems for you, for example, we've heard reports about panel pricing, is that creating a concern for you within your product areas? So that's my first question and I have a follow-up.
Scott McGregor: Uche we have seen lead times move out a little bit on some our products. In some specific fabs we've seen some tightness in demand, but this is where Broadcom I think has an advantage where we do have our parts in general running in a variety of different foundries. So we've been able to mostly deal with those issues and they haven't materially affected our financials or our customers, although we probably could have shift a little more if we could have gotten some parts a little sooner than what we had. So a little bit but not much driving and I think we have been able to resolve that. Perhaps better than what we've heard from some of our competitors. In terms of have things like panel prices affected us, no, we don't particularly see that. We have potentially seen some cases where other parts are limiting our customers' ability to ship a little bit, but in general we haven't seen that as a major factor in our business.
Uche Orji - UBS: Then just to ask you about the (inaudible) business, I mean this is really one of the key drivers for revenue growth in the medium term. My question is are you able to give us any anecdotal data on the size of that business now and in terms of what you think, I know you're not going to guide out until your customers provide guidance of the product, but if we look out next year, what would you actually expect that business to be in terms of the size relative to your other businesses? And then also follow on from that, with that growth coming where is the gross margin of that business relative to your corporate average, what would normally take for that to be in line or even higher than your corporate average? Thanks.
Scott McGregor: We don't break out a lot of that, but I can give you a little bit of anecdotal information. We said on our last quarterly call that we expected we would ship millions of units and indeed we did ship millions of basebands in Q3. Also it did contribute overall. Our cellular business is now contributing meaningful revenue as a result of that. We've seen some pretty sharp ramp-ups in some of these products. That's all positive news. On gross margin, we think of gross margin sort of overall in a cellular device, so we look at the combination of different ships we ship in there. We get a mix of different margins on the different chips and we think that the consolidation going on in the industry is already improving some of the fundamentals in that space and over time we expect that will help. Some of our products were designed for getting to market quickly and we are now doing more optimized products and other things. We do believe that over time we will improve the margins in that area overall. So I understand the reason for your question. You asked me to forecast a little beyond that. I have gotten out of the business of forecasting our cellular growth over the next couple years, so I am going to decline to do that. Needless to say, I'm pleased with the sharp ramp-up we've seen in our cellular demand and the products we shipped this quarter.
Uche Orji - UBS: Can I just ask you about multi-touch controller? How (inaudible) is this business and what are your plans for integrating that into other products given your track record with integration? Also what kind of competitive response do you have to some of these programmable IT and micro controller companies getting to the multi-touch controller space? That's my last question.
Scott McGregor: The touch controller space has been a relatively good opportunity for us. We don't ship that to a large number of customers today. And I'm going to decline to speculate on what we might do with that going forward, but I will tell you that you're right, Broadcom is good at integrating these things and we can certainly integrate that capability arbitrarily into the various devices we have targeted for the handheld portable space. We have that capability, but haven't discussed specific customer plans or specific growth in that market.
Uche Orji - UBS: Relative to macro controller solutions, what are the competitive advantages of yours as far as lot of macro controller guys are shipping, so are the Microchip, Cypress everybody has something in this space now.
Scott McGregor: I don't think that's a particular competitive advantage. I mean if you wanted to go after the space generically and provide touch screens for microwaves and all that stuff then integrating it with a micro controller makes sense, because you can provide a programmable solution. If your goal is to provide SoCs for media devices and cell-phones and stuff like that integrating with a micro controller doesn't particularly make sense, because you will be much better off integrating it with the rest of the device that may include many micro controllers and many other components you will be better off integrating it with that and not with a micro controller that doesn't fit with the rest of the system.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Sumit Dhanda - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Eric, just to be clear here on the expected benefit into Q3 and gross margins, is it fair to assume that it's all primarily fixed cost absorption and that there is potentially more to come because your product revenues even in Q3 will be well below the peak levels that you recorded back in Q3 of '08?
Eric Brandt: I think you can assume that a good piece of it relates to tight cost control and overhead management. Yes, you are right that there is more there as we go back to our historic levels. Yes, there is an opportunity for mixed based upside in the quarter depending on how things play out. Again, we are trying to be conservative, which is why we said, up around 125 basis points or more.
Sumit Dhanda - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: My second question related to your comments on 40-nanometer tapeouts, I think you have been on record saying that the extent of the expenses associated with those tapeouts won't be as lumpy or as significant or accelerated as 65, does that still hold true or are those plans changing given what you see in the competitive environment?
Scott McGregor: Sumit those plans remain the same. Some of our products get a real benefit from 40-nanometer, especially the very, very large products for those that need the speed or are particularly cost sensitive. Those are the ones that are the candidates to move the fastest. There are other products that frankly don't make sense to move there. And so we don't anticipate the grand migration. We have 65-nanometer in the 40-nanometer space and those tapeouts will be more moderated than the equivalent period in our development history when we did 65-nanometer.
Sumit Dhanda - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Then my last question here, on the DTV business I know you've addressed this specifically, but what in particular was a disappointment which is relating to these restructuring charges what part of the acquisition really disappointed?
Eric Brandt: Basically when we do the acquisition we do evaluation. As part of the valuation a component gets attached to intangibles which then get amortized. So, as you know, we completed this acquisition. We did the valuation analysis and attached things to goodwill and intangibles and a piece of it was attached to customer intangibles, and as you know, the market sort of fell right off, right after we closed the transaction. So those customer revenues actually came down over time. As those revenues come down over time compared to what you projected it triggers an impairment. That's sort of the dark side of the cloud. Silver lining in the cloud is actually those costs would have been amortized through our P&L anyway over a two-year period. So what we have done is accelerated that amortization due to the lower expectation of revenue, principally driven to economic conditions, but other things obviously as well can play into that. So, that's basically what it was.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Benjamin of Jefferies & Company. Please go ahead.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: Obviously, there is a lot of talk out there about semiconductor companies either shipping below consumption or above consumption. I know it's difficult to fully know, but I was wondering, Scott or Eric, if you could take a crack at looking at the product lines that you guys have and giving us some color as to where you were in Q2 in terms of shipping into your customers, and then what your expectations are for Q3?
Scott McGregor: That's a difficult question to answer. You usually figure that out a quarter or two after the quarter you are in, and you find out, well, the customers have too much inventory or not enough. I mean, we are seeing very strong product demand driven by product ramps in things like combo and cellular and some products across our various families. We think those are pretty much totally in demand consumed, meaning they go out fairly quickly. There are other areas we're less certain. It's a little harder to read the PC space and I know Microsoft reported just a little while ago and had some mixed message there. That's a little harder to read. In all cases across all our businesses, we work pretty hard to try and match our sales with what we see as underlying demand. I know it's surprising, but we often will ask customers are you sure, do you really need that? It looks like the market isn't as strong there and are you ordering enough? We also have that problem where we don't think they are ordering enough and we don't want to be in a situation where they are hoping for short lead time that we can't deliver on. So, we work pretty hard and we think our guidance when we plan that and when we think about our customer revenue going forward, we try to do a good job at reflecting what we see as the actual demand. So, I can't really give you much more color than that. Again, we'll have a much better picture on your question in another quarter or two ourselves.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: Just a follow-up to some commentary you gave about you could have shipped a little bit more in the quarter. You had some supply constraints with some customers. Can you indicate what specific segment that was associated with that you could have shifted a little bit more?
Scott McGregor: It was actually across a lot of different areas. It was wireless and there were some Broadband products we couldn't get enough supply. We could have shipped a little more. I don't want you think we could have shipped substantially more. It's a relatively small amount. We did see some tightness and customers had wanted product sooner than we could deliver it.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: One last question for Eric just on gross margin. You guys have talked about the 65-nanometer really kicking in next year in terms of seeing some tailwind to gross margin. Can you talk a little bit about what you are see now that we're a quarter ahead with that and almost 30% of the mix 65, and then as you moved to 40-nanometer, do you get benefit of that in 2010 and kind of what percentage of the mix could that be in terms of timing?
Eric Brandt: Yes, certainly. We have been, as I mentioned earlier on the call, pretty focused on gross margin and understanding which products are below in gross margin and what the roadmap is to fix that. We are quite pleased to see our businesses taking that challenge and bringing forward second, third and fourth generation products that are 10, 20, 30, 40, and maybe between the first and fourth generation, 60% more smaller die sizes with increased functionality which drives higher margin. So, I expect we'll continue to see more of that. As I mentioned, we were close to 30% of our revenue this quarter within 65-nanometer. As you can imagine, almost all of that would be in first generation products. So, as we roll through the second half of the year and into next year, I think you'll start to see the benefit of those second and third generation product, which will drive benefits hopefully in gross margin. On the 40-nanometer side, in many of the cases where we've looked at our products and thought that at 65-nanometers we would have a problem, at 40 nanometers it changes the picture and looks like the crossover in 40 may be sooner than we thought. So that's one of the reasons why we are driving that forward aggressively.
Scott McGregor: I think if you go back a year or 18 months and look where the Broadcom engineering IQ points and passion was going, it was in creating new products, moving to a new process geometry and focusing on time to market. I think what you see now if you were to be able to measure, you would see the IQ points and the passion are shifting over to focus on gross margin a bit. So, that doesn't turn things around overnight. It takes a while for the products to come out and for those to start to ramp in the market and so forth. I think just within our team there is a bigger focus on gross margins and improving gross margins than there has been in the past, and I believe that will bear fruit over time.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: One follow up on the 40-nanometer, Eric. Should we assume that the 40-nanometer will go on the same track as the 65 and that the initial products will not be super-costed, I guess, for a lack of better term, and in 2010 you don't get the benefit and really by 2011, as you get your second and third generations of 40-nanometer, you see more of a significant benefit. Is that the right way to look at it?
Eric Brandt: I'm going to answer half and then hand it back to Scott. I can only tell you because I'm not a technology person. I think the nature of the conversation around 65 was very focused on integration of technology and there wasn't as much discussion around cost. I think now in 40 there is as much discussion around integration of technology as there is a cost benefit associated with 40.
Scott McGregor: I would say that's absolutely correct. One of the things when you put some challenges to smart people you get some interesting results. We found in our preliminary 40-nanometer designs that we can get scaling of analog components and radio components identical to the same kind of scaling we get in digital components, which is sort of surprising to many people. So, I think 40-nanometer will potentially have some different results than 65-nanometer in terms of products coming out the chute pretty cost optimized whereas we didn't do that as much in the 65-nanometer parts.
Operator: Mark Lipacis of Morgan Stanley has our next question. Please go ahead.
Mark Lipacis - Bank of America/Morgan Stanley: On the baseband side I understand you don't want to quantify the expected ramp, but can you give us a sense of the relative mix between EDGE and 3G you'd expect to see this year?
Scott McGregor: Mark, I don't think I even know the answer to that. We have a number of products ramping. One of the things that makes it challenging is if you get in high volume models, it doesn't matter how good the chip is. If you are in a high volume model that everybody wants to buy, it moves fast. One of the things that has gone well for us is that we're in some very high volume models with our customers in the EDGE chips. The 3G chips are a little behind that in terms of the timing of rolling out. We think there are some interesting models. Those are coming out in as well. So I don't think I could guess the result by the end of the year. Certainly, at this point in time, we are shipping more EDGE than 3G.
Mark Lipacis - Bank of America/Morgan Stanley: That's fair enough. Second question, on the combo chip side, correct they I'm wrong, but my understanding is that you have a healthy share of Bluetooth chips that are shipping into hand sets. The combo chips, do you think that they enable you to gain share of the Bluetooth market, or given your healthy share already is it inevitable that you end up losing share in the handset side?
Scott McGregor: I think we're number one in the handset side today in Bluetooth by a pretty clear margin and I don't anticipate that that will change. To the extent that we can gain additional share points, there are a number of customers we haven't yet penetrated. There are some customers where we have 100% of their business and it's probably unrealistic to assume you can keep all of that. They will probably be a bit of a swirl in terms of that. I would guess, though, that we would hold our gain share in the Bluetooth space. I think our combo chips make us more competitive in that space simply because they provide a really convenient experience for the customers whether they want to integrate Bluetooth with GPS or with FM or wireless LAN by providing that complete solution. I think we do get a lot of customers to favor that. We've seen some competitors talk about designs they have there. I think we feel like we are getting most of the high volume designs with these combo chips, and I think that's helping us hold share here.
Mark Lipacis - Bank of America/Morgan Stanley: Eric, I think you've said that you got a target for stock base comp to become 5% of sales. Again, correct me if I'm wrong, but can you help us understand your view of the timing of that bogey?
Scott McGregor: Just to give you some fact, this year's stock base comp grant was about $275 million in terms of value transfer. Last year it was about $425 million. So a very significant reduction in that number. As we remove those larger stock grants and dollars if you imagine the pig working its way through the python we begin to move down. Just in the face of that this quarter with some increased revenue and beginning to ramp down in costs, and you'll see after we get past Q3 as we normally do, things begin to drop down in terms of the quarterly run rate. We went from 14.5% to about 11.8% of revenue. So we're moving in the right direction, both from the standpoint of the revenue benefit we get from growth, as well as from the actual cost reduction in the size and value of the grant. Depending on stock price as that rolls forward, we could see $50 million to $80 million just in stock base comp costs come out between 2009 and 2010. So, reduction of between $50 million and $80 million depending on the size of the grant and stock price at the time we make the grant next year. We are moving quickly. I said in the Analyst Day there is a four-year amortization, so it takes time. While we'll reduce the grant over the next three years, it may lag a year or two. I think we are actually making progress maybe even a little faster than we hoped.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Luke of Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: Couple of quick clarifications on the targets of the gross margin. Can you just remind us what the target range is for the product gross margin going forward? With the licensing revenue, could you just remind us what the gross margin is for that? Is it like 90% to 100%? Also, Scott, perhaps you could just give some color on how you had seen linearity develop? Have things sort of strengthened as you move through into July, and also what percentage are you booked as you've entered the quarter? 
Eric Brandt: So on the gross margin, we haven't changed from what the company has said historically. We've said repeatedly that it's really hard to draw conclusions in this cycle around where gross margin is going. When the company came out it originally said 50 to 52 non-GAAP and we said nothing different. Obviously, we are working our way through a difficult period of time and we've seen our gross margins drop 600 basis points in the last year, but beginning to see some pick up as we roll into Q3. As you look at licensing, licensing has zero cost to goods attached to it. So all of the product costs are, in fact, attached into product revenue. So it's a % gross margin, if you will, or the way we're reporting it is we're showing product sales and product costs, which is how we are deriving gross margin. To just touch on the point that you would ask about order trends, et cetera, we don't typically respond to that, I'll just make the following comments. Some people have commented that we sort of went into the downturn and didn't see as much of a dip as a lot of companies saw. That's probably true. I think as we come out product sales from the trough quarter of Q1 grew 17%. If you take out the $55 million licensing estimate for Q3, you are probably talking about product growth rate at 9.5% up to 17% in the guidance we've provided. So, I think we are seeing good strength in our business in Q2. As Scott mentioned, we had small amounts of shortage at the end of Q2 and we probably could have shipped a little more. We are seeing good strength into Q3. It is way too early to call anything on Q4 at this point in time.
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: To clarify on the licensing, on the payments from QUALCOMM, they go through to the second quarter of 2013 and do they go after the 51.7 down to a constant level or is it a gradual decline as we think about modeling that.
Eric Brandt: 10-Q will come out tomorrow morning and you can read it all in detail. But just to give you the short answer, between now and the first quarter, it will be $51.7 million per quarter. As we from the first quarter of 2012 to the end of the contract, it will gradually step down to $43 million and I think to a sub-quarter which might be smaller than that, but it's in the Q. It's in that range and it should work your way to 2013.
Tim Luke - Barclays Capital: You had a very big PC, Bluetooth and wireless LAN quarter, up 50% quarter-over-quarter. How do you think about the outlook there going forward, given that big uptick? Just in terms of the broader context in the environment, how are you perceiving it? In the past we had discussions about different Ls and Ws and Vs, how are you framing the environment in terms of your expectations and how are you planning?
Scott McGregor: On the PC, Bluetooth and wireless LAN business, we're certainly seeing traction there from new products, and certainly the penetration of Bluetooth and the PCs continues to go up. We start seeing it more in peripheral devices and other things that are driving some growth there. So, that's a positive trend regardless of what happens in the PC space. I think in terms of the PC space, we'll have to wait and see whether the pickup we've seen is sustainable, whether it goes flat, whiter it continues to go up. We'll know more about that in another month. In terms of the overall economy, I'm not an economist and we certainly talked about Vs and Ws and Us and Ls and that. I think what we do here, and Eric touched on this a bit, that our philosophy is that because it's hard to tell the difference between a V and first half of a W, we are planning on being fairly conservative. So, if it really is a V, we'll have even better results. If it's a W, we will have taken the financial prudence, I think, so that we don't find ourselves in a situation where our costs are too high. So, that's the conservative nature we're taking right now on the economy. Again, if it's a, V it will be even better.
Operator: Craig Ellis of Caris & Company has our next question. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Scott, you have mentioned in comments on Enterprise Networking that you are seeing some emerging signs of enterprise strength. Can you provide more color on where you are seeing that and how broad base it is?
Scott McGregor: We've definitely seen a pickup in activity from our customers and more orders. One of the things, as I mentioned before, we try to get a sense of where the underlying demand is from the end customers. What we see is that the carriers and infrastructure guys definitely are consuming more products. We see government driving that, someone suggested education is seeing a pickup that could be seasonal. We try to get a sense where the corporate enterprise market is. That one is a little more puzzling to us. We definitely see some CIOs who are going to virtualization, so they're tending to buy rack mount servers and switches and things like that. That's probably contributing to some of the growth there, although our anecdotal survey of CIOs suggest that in general they are ordering a lot. So we're not seeing a pickup from that aspect of the market. Again, that's an informal anecdotal survey we do among CEOs we're familiar with and so forth. So, I think that area I'm a little more skeptical of there, even though we've seen some order pickup from our customers there. Again, we probably wait on that one a little further. Overall, this is all built into our guidance and our thinking of the business, and just give you a sense of how we look at each sub segment of the market and trying to get our own view of where is that going.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: So is the present company included in that informal survey or not?
Scott McGregor: No comment.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Switching gears a little bit to DTV. It seem like there's a bit of a reorientation in terms of expectations for that business going forward. How should we think about the breadth of your customer base and what can you do with Tier 1 customer penetration as we look out over the next 12 months?
Scott McGregor: The customer breadth is actually quite good. We've won a variety of customers. We are working closely with many more. I feel that's good. The impairment was really due to one particular customer in the acquired business. That's where that came from. I'd say there is probably some macroeconomic softness that's driving the number as well. So, the disappointment again from one particular customer in their plans and some macro softness, but I'm very happy with the products that they are coming out with, the breadth of the product family. We've got some great customers. As I mentioned, we are really driving a differentiator in that market, which is Internet-connected TVs. I believe we have pretty much the best by far products that offer not only full analog, digital TV capabilities, integrating a lot of the different components there, more so than our competition, and now integrating a lot of the connectivity pieces, the networking pieces, there is an Ethernet capability right in the chip, as Ethernet 5 in our TV chips. It's different than you would see from the competitors who tend to be the entrenched single function TV guys that are going to struggle I think a little bit as TVs move away from just being TVs and more into the connected appliances that we see going forward. So, I'm still very bullish on that business going forward. It does remain as a real growth driver for Broadcom in long term, but again the impairments due to those two factors I mentioned.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Okay. That's helpful and then the last one for me. You mentioned the engineering IQ that's focused on margin improvement now. Is that a byproduct of where you are in the 65-nanometer transition and the ability to focus on second and third generation products? Or is it more a function of where you are relative to your gross margin target or some combinations of those two or other factors?
Scott McGregor: It's both.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Congrats on a strong quarter. Eric, when you mentioned about the mix dynamic for gross margin going forward, can you give us just a little more color on what that means? Can we interpret that to mean by the three main segments you talked about or are there intra-segment issues that we may or may not appreciate on a superficial level?
Eric Brandt: Its actually both, Ross. Its interesting, we will see a pick up I think in growth in some of the stronger margin businesses this quarter and depending on how much they pick up we may see upside to the number I provided. Again, trying to be cautious, but there is both embedded into that. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: So, is it more like Enterprise Networking bouncing back or some sub-segment of one of your other two segments, or again is that your definition of both?
Eric Brandt: It's really all of the above. As you know, sometimes we've said sort of, if you map the world into consumer and enterprise and highly competitive and low competitive, you can figure out where margin tends to migrate. And so while there is some enterprise benefit and the pick up in the enterprise business certainly helps there is some intra-segment or intra-biz target market dynamics which could benefit us in addition to the extent that we have reserved part based on the demand that we saw in Q1 and Q4 and then into Q2 this year that we are now beginning to see demand pick up. Remember that it's a snapshot and it sort of works its way to the pipe to the extent that any of that product gets consumed it is a 100% margin product and provides a benefit to us as well.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: If we switch over a little bit to the acquisition strategy, we are all aware of what happened or didn't happen with Emulex, how should we think of Broadcom's acquisition strategy after doing two relatively larger ones versus what Broadcom historically has done in the last 12 months?
Scott McGregor: Our acquisition strategy remains focused with our primary goal on finding the kinds of companies that give us new technologies or (inaudible) in white space or get us to market faster and in particular spaces. We continue to do that. We think we are really good at finding a smaller pre-revenue or early stage revenue companies and if you think of it like a switch with blades, we are looking for blades. We've got a great chassis and infrastructure and we'd like to slot some more blades in there to grow our business. Occasionally, we will look at other opportunities, whether they are divisions of public companies or even public companies. I don't see that as our normal style of acquisition, I see those as exceptions. If I look at our M&A radar chart, most of the things on there are, again the kind of historical acquisitions that we believe we've created a lot of share holder value with.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Then two quick housekeeping ones. What do you think share count would be going forward and then especially given what you have said about NOL, if that impacts anything at all, how should we think about tax rate? Thank you.
Eric Brandt: So, let's start with the tax rate first. On the NOL basis, I mean one of the reasons why we don't have an ongoing tax effect from this Xilinx ruling, which other companies have is because of the ongoing losses we have in the US. So, interestingly these NOLs that we had were fully reserved based on our history. So, the impact is relatively low. Now our NOL amount has gone down even though these were fully reserved from about $3 billion to probably about $2 billion as a result of that. So, I don't think there is any meaningful impact to the tax line of the company associated with that. On share count, we are running at about 500 million shares. We will continue to buy back stock to offset dilution. We were in the market a little bit this quarter. I anticipate we will be in the market next quarter as well to offset what we granted, which was about I think 10.5 million RSUs and about 2.5 million options. So, we are working to try to keep the share count relatively flat, subject to the Treasury method, based on the overhang that's out there as the stock price moves.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Berger of FBR Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Markets: I just wanted to understand the competitive environment a little bit in the combo chip market. Where do you see competitors like TI, Marvell, it seems like you have a little bit of runway here as you have the market to yourself and I'm wondering how long will that last?
Scott McGregor: Well, it's hard to say. We certainly expected the competitors to come in sooner, but we also know it's really hard to do these combo chips. And we have seen our competitors struggle, really getting the performance, many of them will say they have the chips, but then when they get into customer labs the interoperability doesn't work. The radios have problems. I mean we've really seen a lot of that from competitors. We don't count on them screwing up forever. At some point we will see more competition, but our strategy is pretty straightforward. We are really raising the bar on that by creating additional categories of combos. I mentioned we now have five different combos out in the market. And I believe there is an opportunity for us for quite a while to add additional capabilities and new functions in combos. We will keep a little close to the vest in terms of what we plan there. But we've got some interesting ideas in terms of how we can continue to increase the value of those combos to customers and keep that competitive advantage. So I think we're in pretty good shape on combos right now. Very few competitors are really able to field solutions there. I think by the time they do that we will be in additional generations down and additional capabilities.
Craig Berger - FBR Markets: Are you guys still on track to release new combo chips every 60 days? And can you also comment on the performance of your combo solutions versus the stand-alone discreet solutions? Thanks a lot.
Scott McGregor: We are certainly looking at introducing new combos. We don't have a specific timetable for when we do them. But we have quite a few in the shoot. We've created a very good portfolio of solutions ranging from combo chips, when people really care about the coexistences of the capabilities, small footprint, low power, et cetera. We have created some combo card solutions, which are really these mini modules that combine several of our discreet solutions and solve some of the problems and prewire some of the RFs, so it's easier to get it right for customers that provide very attractive price points and some of the advantages of a combo chip itself such as pre-integration. Then we also offer a broad line of the discreet components as well for customers who just want one function or have other reasons they want a particular discreet chip. And I think we've shown that we can grow in all of those spaces which is really important. So it's not like we are favoring one versus the other. In fact, our highest growth rate was in some of the discreet pieces into the PC space. But we do expect we will continue to be competitive across all three of those categories. I think in all it's a very, very compelling product portfolio and that's what's driving the growth there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Srini Pajjuri of CLSA. Please go ahead.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA: Eric, just a clarification on the balance sheet. The deferred income and also the long-term assets have jumped a bit. Is it all relates to QUALCOMM or is it something else?
Eric Brandt: The deferred revenue is about a $100 million jump relates to QUALCOMM. Maybe what we can do Srini is just take it offline when we do the call backs and just go through the individual lines and I can tell you what key items are.
Srini Pajjuri - CLSA: Then Scott on the fiber channel front, have you made the decision to develop this technology internally, and if so, what are the implications for R&D going forward?
Scott McGregor: Srini, we have not published our plans in that space. And probably will not do so. I think I said in my prepared remarks that unless there is a material event that necessitates it, we generally don't publish our detailed development plans on technologies. We'll share the details of that as the products start to ship with our customers.
Srini Pajjuri  CLSA: But I guess my question is more on the R&D expense front. I mean, do you think you have the resources to develop the technology internally as we stand right now or do we need to hire more people?
Scott McGregor: Well we forecast R&D in the guidance and that's comprehended in the numbers that Eric gave. We don't break out R&D for particular product areas.
Eric Brandt: The only thing I would just say is that we are in our summer planning process now where we go through our portfolio grade, do our risk adjusted planning and to the extent there are opportunities with higher ROI, which require significant resources. Now would be the time when we would reallocate resources across our portfolio of roughly 20 businesses back to where we can create the greatest return. And given that we spend $300 million a quarter on R&D before stock base comp. There is plenty of room to do (inaudible) if we need to.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Amir of Lazard Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Amir - Lazard Capital Markets: Couple of questions, first of all, can you comment a bit on your position right now in the IPTV and Blu-ray markets as it relates to your Broadband segments, kind of what you are seeing there and do you see it as one of your growth opportunities here in the near term?
Scott McGregor: Certainly. I'll start with Blu-ray. We definitely see Blu-ray as an opportunity in the business. We are offering a Blu-ray products and really featuring, again like in TVs we offer connectivity to the internet and connectivity across the other devices in the home. So those are things we drive into Blu-ray, we are one of the only suppliers that has an integrated front and back-end solution in Blu-ray so we can create a cost effective solution. I believe that the retail price of Blu-ray is going to come down over the course of the next year and to the point where it starts to become a very attractive device to have as holiday gifts towards the end of this year and into next year. So we see the volume of those players picking up, and I have also seen some surveys recently that say they are becoming a much more common device that people acquire. So that's definitely a growth market for us there.  IPTV yes, absolutely. The challenge on IPTV has really been content, and getting quality content. But as we see that get into place and some of the carriers look at those technologies to deploy their content, I think that will improve. So, I do see IPTV as a growth market for Broadcom IPTV, IP set-top box as well. That's an area where we definitely have a lot of R&D focus, and attention, and we are working with a number of customers there. I think you will be pleased as you see some of that roll out.
Dan Amir - Lazard Capital Markets: Then a follow-up question on the cable and satellite markets. I mean, can you just give us a kind of snapshot what you are seeing right now in those end markets as related to your products?
Scott McGregor: They certainly continue to move forward there. The satellite space is highly competitive focused on the number of digital channels they offer. We see the promotion activity picking up towards the end of the year, and so we do see that segment along with set-top boxes in general growing and we forecast that. In terms of one of the segments we do see growth going forward into this quarter. So, absolutely opportunity is there for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ruben Roy from Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Scott, first of all, I wanted a clarification if I could on the combo chip commentary you had. When you said that the revenues contributed over 10% for Q2 that's just for the three volume products in the wireless area, right, it's not including potentially integrated or combo chips and other areas of your business?
Scott McGregor: That is correct. Actually I will give you a little more color on that. I think in our previous earnings call we had said that we expected those chips to make up as much as 10% of our business by the end of the year. We achieved that goal in the second quarter. So give you a sense that those products really have customer traction.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Great. And all five should be shipping in production by the end of the year, is that correct?
Scott McGregor: If possible some of them might move into the first quarter of next year or early next year, but they are all sampling today and they are pretty solid products. One of them I think has good chance this year, the other one 50/50, maybe slip into or come out in the early part of next year. We will start sampling additional products as well. Think of it as a pipeline of products in that space, but we do intend to continue to build momentum in that area.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Then just as an follow-up, from a longer term perspective is there any concerns you might have given the recent lawsuit won by Cablevision as it pertains to remote storage DVR, any impact potentially to your set-top business looking further out?
Scott McGregor: Well, actually it could even be a positive. It depends how the legal (inaudible) on that. But we're relatively indifferent to where the PVR capability is because if you have racks of PVRs in a central location versus you have one in every home. It doesn't really change the silicon opportunity for us in that sense. Actually, if you have it centrally it's going to drive things like a DOCSIS and higher speed connect to the home. It's going to drive infrastructure sales. There will be more switches sold. So, its probably a net positive for Broadcom if it moves towards centralized than if it's in the home. But it's not a huge swing for us either way. But I'd say on balance it would be positive. 
Operator: (inaudible) of Sanford Bernstein has our next question.
Unidentified Analyst: I had a question on the royalties. First of all the other royalties if you take the QUALCOMM and Verizon numbers out, are those focused on a single business or just sort of spread across your entire business?
Eric Brandt: They exist in our business across a variety of different businesses. But they are IP related royalties we receive based on our chip business. As you can see they are about $6 million. They have been in our business for a while and we expect that they will. The reason why we typically haven't really discussed them is because they have been part of the business and the business units themselves actually create the opportunities as opposed to the Verizon and QUALCOMM opportunity which was more of a corporate opportunity.
Unidentified Analyst: How should I think about that growth going forward, because I mean again if I pull the Verizon and QUALCOMM numbers out it actually looks like that other royalty has actually been growing at a fairly good clip over the last two years?
Eric Brandt: All we do is put it about one quarter out. I mean to some extent it sort of depends on the sale of other people's products. But we will provide whatever color we can. I got to be honest with you this is the first quarter we pulled it out and we are still trying to get our hands around how to forecast it more broadly. So what I would suggest, you just stay tuned and we'll give you more information as we go through and hope we'd be able to give you a better way to line it out.
Unidentified Analyst: I have one more question for you. I know you've been talking for sometime about increasing transparency to the investor community. On the whole, I think you've been making good on that. You talked about share base coming down and I know you report your result in GAAP. However, investors typically really still do look at you on a non-GAAP basis. I was just wondering what your point of view is on at what point you feel investors really should begin thinking about on how to model and how to actually do your valuation on a GAAP basis versus non-GAAP?
Eric Brandt: I would answer that the way I have been answering all along. Our job is to put up the numbers and people have various methods they use to value companies. Some people use GAAP numbers. Some people use cash flow numbers. From our perspective that's really your call and all we really want to do is give you the ability to see all of them. At the end of the day though one of the real reasons to sort of move to GAAP is, because we had made a commitment to reduce stock based compensation and without really measuring it and reporting it on a regular basis, people are having a hard time believing we were going to do it. And I think we were doing it and I think you are getting leverage in the EPS line both from the leverage of our core business, excluding stock based comp and other pieces, plus the benefit of stock based comp coming down. So once we get aligned with the rest of the industry and stock based comp is in the 4% to 5% range of revenue, it doesn't matter one way or the other. But the issue really is, how do you think about the delta? What I'd rather be telling you, what I think it is, as it's reported, and then let you decide how you want to value and whether you want to move to non-GAAP. But at the end of the day all of that data is available for you on our web financials and you can model it however you choose to.
Unidentified Analyst: So should I anticipate that cash compensation is coming up as stock comp is coming down, do those things exactly match or is there a delta between those as well?
Eric Brandt: Well, first of all, we target our cash comp at the 50th percentile, and so to the extent that we are below, we will deal with it, we are pretty darn close to that number. I think that what you will probably see more from us is, historically we haven't had a very large bonus tied to current year performance, which we don't believe is the right thing to do. So, we are increasing the current year performance component of people's compensation, that is a cash component, but do not expect that we are offsetting anywhere near the reduction in stock based comp for cash.
Operator: And our next question comes from Cody Acree of Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: You mentioned earlier a bit of shortages, but the lead times were extending, I assume those were a tandem comments. Was the lead time extension meaningful, would you characterize it as something that you are starting to get concerned with or was it just on the margin?
Scott McGregor: I wouldn't say, if I had to think of the top things I worry about, it's not on that list. So it's a factor. I mean whenever there is shortages with customers, the customers are never happy about that and we work really hard to try and solve those problems. We've got a great operations team that jumps right on those things and we can often figure out ways to accelerate product for customers who really need it. So, I think we are really good at that. I would say it's a fairly small issue at this point. I don't see it as a major issue like we have seen at the other points in the semiconductor cycles where you have massive allocations or shortages, certainly not all.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Lastly, I hate to bring up combo chips again, but we just heard from QUALCOMM we were hearing continual emerging market growth, cheaper cell phones, ASPs coming down in the phones. Where do you think that there is a fit or a price band where combo chips make sense, and then there is a point where you have to go to a discreet solution where you're just not paying for all of the functionality that a combo chip provides?
Scott McGregor: I don't buy your distinction because if you need the components of a combo chip, the combo chip absolutely makes sense. If you don't need the components of a combo chip, then you can buy the discreet. For example, if you only want Bluetooth in a phone and you don't care about FM and you don't care about wireless LAN, you just buy Bluetooth. That's fine and we have great products in that space. FM, some people will put in because the relative increment is fairly small, but you wouldn't just sort of throw in wireless LAN just because there was a combo chip available unless you needed it because that's a significant price component. So, we believe we've created the combo chips that make sense in the market. For example, we see a large segment of phones that need Bluetooth plus GPS. That's why we introduced the combo chip and that space, Bluetooth, wireless LAN, FM radio makes a lot of sense for smartphones. We see wireless LAN adoption in phones as a major driver. I think we expect that pretty much all smartphones will have wireless LAN and it will start to penetrate down into the feature phones as well just because both the costs has come down and it offers incredible amount of capability. So I think those are the more meaningful factors driving the dynamics in the combo space, and not so much that you wouldn't buy the combo product unless you needed the features and we have the discreet components as well. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Is there a price point that you think on the handset itself where it's $70 phone or $100 phone where that probably does not warrant a combo chip?
Scott McGregor: There are phones that aren't going to have connectivity in them. The ultra low cost phones don't have Bluetooth in them. There are some phones that might have FM in them, in some of the regions FM radio is popular, as is a flashlight capability in the phone. Those are popular in many parts of Asia and other developing countries.  So, that would be a case where we don't particularly focus on those markets and you could go buy a FM chip from somebody. As soon as you start introducing Bluetooth in a phone, we don't believe that there is a phone that you wouldn't find a Broadcom solution for in that space. I don't believe all phones will have Bluetooth or all phones will have wireless LAN. I think the ultra low cost ones, again, won't have connectivity in them. So, that's not a market for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suji De Silva of Kaufman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers: On the broadband side, are there some upgrade trends that you think continue to be strong through this holiday season that can drive growth, perhaps even if the economy stays soft, things like DOCSIS, HD and so forth? 
Scott McGregor: Absolutely, I do believe we were seeing continued move over to DOCSIS. That's more next year phenomena, but HD continues to be a phenomenon. People will buy a new TV set and they really want to get the better picture quality. Again, in a down economy, people tend to cancel vacation. They tend to cancel other expenses. Since they are going to spend more time at home, they put their money instead in the home. So we see some benefit from that. I think the other factor that is not quite an upgrade per se but it's important which is the cable guys moving from analog to digital and reclaiming the analog bandwidth and doing that with DTAs and basically rolling out a more complete digital line-up, which isn't something the subscriber would necessarily apply for ,but that would be something that they would provide set back boxes for the subscriber TVs and they would upgrade their set-top box for the benefit of the carrier to offer more capabilities and reclaim the analog bandwidth. So that's another opportunity in that space as well that I think will be a wave over the next couple of years.
Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers: On the combo chips, is that one of the areas of focus for the second or third generation 65-nanometer products and 40-nanometer products? I'm trying to understand where the gross margin of this business might trend as you go from three to five products I know the ASPs might move blended up or down depending on what you are introducing, but is this one of the areas where you think you can get gross margin up because of cost?
Scott McGregor: Our engineering team in the combo area has done a great job in terms of looking at ways to really drive cost down and really create far more cost effective products in that space. So as those products rollout over the next year or so, yes, think I there is margin opportunity in that space.
Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers: Can you help draw a line as to what carrier spending has been like from your perspective in terms of last few quarters? Has it rebounded and is it continuing or has it held up and been stable and that's expected to continue?
Scott McGregor: I would say it's held up and it's become more broad based in terms of the regions. I think we called out China in previous calls and I think that's migrated to some other regions as well, and not specifically China. I don't think I could forecast it going forward and how long it continues, but I think there has certainly been benefit from some of the stimulus packages that have gone on around the world.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wu of Global Crown Research. Please go ahead. 
David Wu - Global Crown Research : Yes. Thanks for getting me in. Can you maybe help me with one thing? The $200 million worth of QUALCOMM payment, where does it all fit into the income statement for the June quarter?
Eric Brandt: It fits into a couple places. If you look at the revenue component, which represents QUALCOMM, which is about $57 million, that actually splits into two pieces, a piece which relates to the current payment, which was done in the middle of the quarter. So, that $36 million of that $67 million actually is in the current quarter's payment from the $200 million. Then there is $31 million which was on the balance sheet due to the sunset royalties based on the Santa Ana trials. So, that's what makes up to $67 million. Then, in addition, there is a $65 million settlement, which is based on the valuation work in terms of what the damage component of the payment would be attributable to. So that's how you use roughly $100 million of the $200 million that comes in. Then there is another $100 million which is sitting in deferred revenue.
David Wu - Global Crown Research: So it's in deferred revenue, okay. The other thing I was wondering is the tightness that you mentioned in some of the foundries and certain processes. Is that a phenomenon that with all the foundries are ramping production it's a non-repeat item for Q3? 
Scott McGregor: We'll never say non-repeat. I don't see it as something that persists over the next couple quarters. I think between our ability to move products around and ease shortages, I think we're dealing with it pretty well. Of course, if sales were to go up 50% then obviously we'd find some challenges. Based on where we see the revenue coming in and where we see customers, we think we can manage that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: I have a question on DSL modem site. Looks like none of your larger competitors want to stay in the business and most of the business competition is consolidating amongst smaller players. I'm just wondering if you can comment on how that positively impact your market share? The second thing is, as DSL moves from being pure DSL to a gateway and you are able to integrate more functionality, should we think that ASP should trend up from here?
Scott McGregor: I think there are a number of trends that you've highlighted, certainly there has been some consolidation among some of our competitors. Broadcom has an incredibly powerful product line up in the DSL space. We've done a great job with integrating things like wireless LAN, tying the whole solutions together in the modems. I think we'll continue to do that and create great products there for customers. We also see some migration possibly to GPON. So there is an opportunity in that space to increase the bandwidth for those kind of customers and we'll continue to look for new opportunities the ADSL2+, GPON, other things allow us to drive new technology and new innovation in that space. So, we do believe that we will maintain or increase our competitiveness in that area.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: On the cable modem sides, you said that the DOCSIS 3.0 is a next year thing. Do you have a sense of how they head end deployment is in from that, can you get an idea of the exact precise timing of DOCSIS 3.0 deployment?
Scott McGregor: We certainly can get a sense of it. I mean, obviously, you need both the head end and the customer equipment in order to get the capability. Some people will deploy head ends and not populate them and some people will, while they are upgrading their modems or the set-top boxes anyway, they will put the higher end ones in, even though they haven't put the head end in yet. So, I think each carrier will move. We work closely. We have great relationships with all the carriers and we work really closely with them to help them. We provide most of the head end solutions to them. So, we work closely to tie those together for them.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Shawn Webster of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Shawn Webster - JPMorgan: On the tax rate really quick, Eric, are we supposed to be using what we have done before and in terms of modeling the tax rate going forward something in the 0 to 5%.
Eric Brandt: Yes, basically what it's been on a GAAP basis. If you are a GAAP guy, you're a non-GAAP guy, non-GAAP people are going to run 10. But I would say 2%, 3% is been roughly what it's been over time.
Shawn Webster - JPMorgan: Did you have any 10% customers in the quarter?
Eric Brandt: We only disclose that on an annual basis. So, we'll just wait until we do that on an annual basis 
Shawn Webster - JPMorgan: On the products the Wi-Fi combo chips grew to over 10% in the quarter, how many of your product lines are in excess of 10% of your sales at this point?
Scott McGregor: Just to clarify, the combo chips in aggregate grew to over 10% of our business. So that would be Bluetooth plus FM and the wireless LAN combo chips that we have. So we don't breakout our particular products over 10%. We'll give you a little more color maybe at Analysts Day.
Shawn Webster - JPMorgan: On the lead times, at what point do things start getting tight. Was that just recently or was that earlier in the quarter?
Scott McGregor: I don't recall. I think it was over the course of the quarter we started to see some demand surge, certainly as you saw in our revenue growth and revenue growth forecast in this quarter. So I don't recall a particular time it was. There wasn't one instant or one particular time where there was a problem.
Shawn Webster - JPMorgan: What's your assessment of inventories out there from what you can tell out in the channel and your ODM and OEM customers?
Scott McGregor:  In general, I feel it's pretty lean. I don't feel like there are large inventory pockets out there. There's is always going to be some, and generally you find those out in a couple months when the customer doesn't order a product. In general, I don't feel like we're in a high inventory situation right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra of Robert Baird. Please go ahead.
Tristan Gerra - Robert Baird: Given the ramping utilization rates, do you expect any changes with the pricing in the second half or in the first half of 2010?
Scott McGregor:  We generally see our suppliers work with us to try and drive a continuous cost reduction in wafers. Each process geometry has its own sort of cycle and that it comes down fairly quickly in the early phases, and then moves to a more flattening of the curve as it gets more mature in the cycle. That's one of the advantages of moving to smaller geometries. It allows you to move over on to a more rapidly decelerating cost curve for wafer prices. So, I don't see anything particularly unusual in the market right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arnab Chanda of Roth Capital. Please go ahead.
Arnab Chanda - Roth Capital: Thank you. Question for either Eric or Scott or Peter. It seems like on a macro basis, you are getting your highest gross margin business grow the slowest and the lowest gross margin segment grow the fastest. Do you think that you can offset this sort of mix headwind with your cost reductions, and if so, when do we think we can do that?
Scott McGregor: Arnab, it's not exactly true. Again, if you look it at macro level and you are focusing on the growth rate of the enterprise space, certainly that would apply. I think as Ross asked earlier, as you look inside the businesses, that's not true. So, what had happened over the last year has been a little bit of that, but as much the effect of overhead being absorbed over a smaller base, which hit us 100, 130 basis points sort of peak to trough, and then an ongoing hit from this E&O effect. Going forward, I think having as much attention on cost optimization, et cetera, and improving margin within our business units, I think that we'll see some benefit from that. It's early to call what it will be and to stick your hands up and say touchdown, but I have to say the intensity, the focus, the understanding of what that all means is part of what's driving some of these tapeouts and product changes and we are cautiously optimistic as to where it goes.
Arnab Chanda - Roth Capital: A question about the combo products. You've talked about that being a very strong driver for you, obviously has been. I assume its Bluetooth and FM combo today. If that's not correct please clarify that, and when do you think sort of a Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, et cetera, will start to be significant?
Scott McGregor: Well, the Wi-Fi, Bluetooth combo already is significant. 4325 product is one of our fastest growing products and is at significant volume today and we expect that will continue to grow. So that's a very hot product for us and we see considerable growth there. It's our second largest combo product in that space. So, I feel, overall, we're going to see great traction across our whole range on combo products.
Arnab Chanda - Roth Capital: I know you don't want to talk too much of your baseband, but you probably know what's going to happen in Q3. What timeframe do you think you will ship 3G, is it already happened, or do you think that starts second half of this year?
Scott McGregor: We have been shipping 3G for awhile. So, absolutely.
Arnab Chanda - Roth Capital: It seems like there is a movement. In the smartphone market, one of biggest trends is the application processor. You haven't talked too much of broadband. I don't know if you have a product in that market yet. So, maybe if you could clarify if that's an incorrect misunderstanding and what you plan to do there?
Scott McGregor: I'd say it's a misunderstanding. Our basebands integrate an application processor in them. So generally, we'll offer a dual arm core baseband product. There will be for example on ARM11 dedicated to the baseband, and then in [ARM11 4] applications and that's all integrated in the SOC. So to the extent that the customer wants a very high powered or a celebrity application processor, they are certainly welcome to add one. Our goal is to look at integration strategy for where we provide those just as part of the SOC. We do have a family of graphic coprocessors, multimedia coprocessors, the 2727 being the first in that family. That offer very outstanding video and 3G graphics performance and still pictures and other things for when you really want something that is very specific in terms of the capabilities there. So, we believe that the majority of the market can be captured with integrated application processors. We could certainly look to introducing an outboard application processor as well. We've certainly thought about that and that's a possibility for us as well.
Arnab Chanda - Roth Capital: The final transition to the digital broadcasting, has that helped your cable or satellite business or has that been affected at all?
Scott McGregor: Absolutely. I mean the $40 converter box turned into the buy a new digital TV, upgrade to cable, move to satellite. There are lots of different ways people solve that problem. We found that that was beneficial to our market. In the cable space, though, I think the real driver now going forward is, as I mentioned earlier, reclamation of the analog bandwidth to reclaim that for digital use. I think that will be a longer term driver without a specific time period like we saw for the analog conversion on the airwaves.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Scott McGregor for closing comments.
Scott McGregor: Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call this morning. We are really pleased with our second quarter results and we do expect broad based revenue momentum to continue into the third quarter, so should be a good quarter. Since the economic situation remains uncertain, our team is going to be cautious about increasing operating expenses. We will certainly take the opportunity to accelerate tapeouts or hire judiciously if we see a strong ROI for that. Overall, we're going to focus our business really on trends like conversions and the positive end user experience that all of these feature-rich network connectivity opportunities offer, we'll add that to our key platforms. So with that, thank you very much and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter Andrew  VP of Corporate Communications and IR Scott McGregor  President and CEO Eric Brandt  SVP and CFO
Analysts: Randy Abrams  Credit Suisse Tim Luke  Barclays Capital Jim Snyder [ph] Uche Orji  UBS Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Shawn Webster  JPMorgan Sumit Dhanda  Banc of America Craig Berger  FBR Capital Markets Ruben Roy  Pacific Crest Securities Mark McKechnie  Broadpoint Securities Adam Benjamin  Jefferies Mahesh Sanganeria  RBC Capital Markets Dan Morris  Oppenheimer Srini [ph]  CLSA Edward Snyder  Charter Equity Quinn Bolton  Needham & Company Gary Mobley  Noble Financial Steve Smigie  Raymond James Suji De Silva  Kaufman Brothers David Wu  Global Crown Capital David Wong  Wachovia Alex Gauna  JMP Securities 
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded on Tuesday, April 21st, 2009. Your speakers for today are Scott McGregor, Broadcoms President and Chief Executive Officer; Eric Brandt, Broadcoms Chief Financial Officer; and Peter Andrew, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrew. Please go ahead.
Peter Andrew: Thank you very much, Lorraine. Before I turn the call over to Scott, I would like to discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue, gross margin, and operating expense targets for the second quarter of 2009 and any other future period, as well as statements about the prospects for our various businesses, potential market share and the development status and planned availability of new products and statements about potential benefits of the proposed acquisition of Emulex as described in our announcement earlier today. You should note that the guidance we provide today is based upon forecasts that require us to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions using the information that is available to us at this time. It should be clearly understood that our actual performance and financial results may differ substantially from our forecast and the other forward-looking statements we make today. It should also be understood that such guidance does not take into account the effects of the proposed acquisition of Emulex announced today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results, include among other things, general economic conditions, are discussed in the risk factors section of our 2008 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of todays earnings press release. As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward looking-statement except as required by law. Please reference the Investors section of our website at broadcom.com for additional historical, financial, and statistical information including the information required by SEC Regulation G. In addition, we placed two slide decks, which are available now in the Investor Relations section of our website. They are on the right hand side of the page under Q1 2009 Earnings Information. The first deck incorporates additional tables and information regarding our historical performance and our future guidance. And the second deck contains additional information regarding our proposed acquisition of Emulex. With that, let me now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott McGregor: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Regarding todays Emulex announcement, well say more on that later. But first Id like to touch upon our operating results for the quarter, provide some commentary on our specific end markets, and then allow Eric to discuss our financials in greater detail. Revenue of $853 million in the first quarter came within the range we provided and represented a decline of 24% sequentially and 17% year-over-year. On a peak-to-trough basis, this represents a 34% decline from our peak revenue in Q3 2008. Clearly [ph], the economic downturn and our customers adjusting their business to the new economic reality had negative impact to our first quarter results.
 : We also saw expedited orders related to infrastructure projects in China. These orders were due mainly to upcoming new product ramps along with overly lean customer inventory. If you look at our top customers and the revenue they reported in Q4 and what they are expected to reported in Q1 according to First Call, we ship significantly less to them than they shipped or plan to ship out. In other words, Q1 revenue was likely below end market demand and we expect that inventories being reduced in our sales channels. We intend to take advantage of this downturn to widen the distance between us and our smaller competitors. We are hearing of competitors cutting future product development and believe that this downturn could delay their transition to 65 nanometers. The 65-nanometer investment is largely behind Broadcom and we continue to generate meaningful cash flow from operations, which will allow us to continue to fund our product development roadmap. Moving to the end markets we serve, Id like to start by talking about enterprise networking end market where revenue was down both sequentially and year-over-year across all segments as our customers adjusted their order and inventory levels due to the economic slowdown. During the last quarter, we did see some areas of strength, specifically related to infrastructure projects in China and their governments stimulus efforts beginning to drive demand. At this point though, we are not as comfortable with the timing of the rebound in IT related businesses as we are with our consumer and quasi consumer related businesses, and we are taking a conservative approach to our forecast. We believe the rebound in IT oriented businesses will take longer given the capital budgeting cycle and the lack of credit availability. From a product perspective, as we look into 2009 and beyond, our investments will continue to focus on driving 10 gigabit Ethernet deeper into servers, switches, and the metro space, as well as new markets like the embedded security and point-of-sale markets. Moving on to the broadband communications end market, sales were also down on a sequential and year-over-year basis as a revenue decline in modems and set-top boxes more than offset minor revenue growth in our other consumer related businesses. It seems that modem and set-top box customers pulled back substantially in Q1, resulting in significant supply chain contraction, compounded by an accelerated product ramp of our cable DTA solutions in the prior quarter. As we look into Q2, it looks like this inventory correction maybe largely behind us as customers have resumed more normal ordering patterns. We are also seeing increased activity in DTV and consumer electronics as companies prepare new products for the upcoming holiday season. Opportunities for Broadcom going forward to drive growth and additional market share gains are the following. First, as we mentioned last quarter, the continued expansion of pay-TV and Internet access services internationally. We continue to see significant growth in China for cable and India for satellite and have optimized low-cost solutionship into both countries. We also see both market share gains and strong demand for DSL products in the China market. Second, the convergence of communications and consumer electronics driving Internet and device connectivity in the home. This enables operators, studios, and content providers to offer additional value-added services. And third, weve been getting good traction in our consumer broadband products. In particular, recent reviews have ranked Broadcom-powered Samsung and LG Blu-ray players at the top two as they not have rich feature sets, but also super video performance. I would also like to highlight the recent DOCSIS 3.0 certification of our customers products in both Europe and North America. With these certifications, Broadcom has the worlds first and only fully-compliant modem solution, meeting the stringent interoperability requirements of both the DOCSIS 3.0 and Euro-DOCSIS 3.0 specifications. As MSO deployment plans solidify, we believed we are well positioned as the Broadcom solution offers cable operators twice the download performance of competing solutions by bonding up to eight versus four for the competitor downstream channels together. Broadcom has already begun shipping the Broadcom 3380 and in total, weve now shipped more than 3 million silicon solutions in the channel bonding applications. Moving to mobile and wireless, in our mobile and wireless end market, revenue was down on both the sequential and year-over-year basis. We did experience continued dramatic growth in the wireless combo solution area where we continued to see expedite requests as our customers prepared for upcoming product ramps. We also experienced significant year-over-year growth in wireless LAN on a combo and stand-alone basis. And we expect revenue growth in Q2 driven by increased adoption in handheld portable devices. One of the reasons Broadcom is able to fair better than our peers in this economic environment is our stand-alone leadership position combined with our proven ability to integrate the discreet functions into wireless combo connectivity solutions. We now have four different wireless combo chip sampling are in production and is shipped over 250 million units to date. Customer demand for our wireless combo chips continues to exceed our shipments. As we look into Q2, we expect both revenue and units for our Triple-Play parts incorporating wireless LAN to approximately double sequentially. Based up on our current outlook for 2009, we believe that our wireless combo solutions in total could represent more than 10% of our total sales. In the cellular area, were starting to see our EDGE and 3G baseband products ramping. And in Q2, we expect to ship millions of EDGE and 3G chips primarily to Samsung. Nokia, we believe will remain on track to begin deployment of our EDGE products in 2009. At the request of our customer and in order to protect their confidentiality, going forward, we will no longer provide any further updates on our deployment plans or schedule until products become generally available in the market. We continue to engage in both EDGE and 3G with the top handset makers that supply the majority of the market and believe were well positioned to establish a meaningful presence in the handset space. Let me now turn the call over to Eric, who will talk more about our fourth quarter and 2008 results, along with providing guidance for the first quarter.
Eric Brandt: Thanks Scott. As Peter mentioned, please refer to the breakout data on the Investors section of our website for additional financial information that will supplement my financial commentary. Weve included additional data to reconcile gross margin and operating expense and accounting changes in addition to detailed breakouts we provided last quarter. Moving to the financial overview, to summarize, revenue in Q1 of $853 million, including $19 million in royalty revenue from Verizon, was down approximately 17% from a year ago and down 24% from the prior quarter. GAAP gross margin, including Verizon royalties, was 47.7%, down about 280 basis points from last year. The 280 basis point decline is approximately 130 basis points below the estimate at 49% we provided in January. This is principally driven by adverse mix and additional inventory reserves taken during the quarter. I will provide further detail on this in a moment. In Q1, GAAP operating expense was $510 million, which includes a $7 million restructuring charge associated with our cost reduction program initiated in Q1. Q4 GAAP operating expense was $734 million. You will recall that this included an impairment charge and a charge for in-process R&D of approximately $201 million. Excluding these charges in their respective periods on a comparable basis, operating expense decreased $30 million over Q4 versus our guidance of an $8 million to $10 million increase, nearly a $40 million favorability. Again, Ill talk about this more in a minute. GAAP earnings per share for Q1 were negative $0.19. This includes approximately $0.01 associated with the restructuring charge I just mentioned. Stock-based compensation represented approximately $124 million or $0.25 per share. Cash flow from operations for Q1 was $91 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance increased $64 million through a balance of $1.96 billion at the end of the quarter. Moving to revenue and gross margins, in January, we said we expected Q1 revenue could be approximately $800 million to $875 million. What occurred in Q1 was an overall revenue decline consistent with the guidance. With respect to our broadband communications, we saw a sequential revenue decline was the largest declines coming in the broadband modems and set-top boxes, offsetting part by growth in Blu-ray. In the mobile and wireless market, we experienced broad based sequential decline driven by seasonality and by lower consumer demand, reduced Verizon royalties, and normal Q1 seasonality weakness. Our enterprise networking target market also declined across the board due to controller and switching customers adjusting their demand levels downward due to the current economic downturn and apparent buildup of channel inventory. Revenue distribution for Q1 was as follows. Broadband communications was 37% of total revenue. Mobile and wireless which includes Verizon royalties was 37% of revenue. Enterprise networking accounted for 26% of revenue. Our Q1 GAAP gross margin decreased 280 basis points to 47.7%, which is 130 basis points below the estimate (inaudible) earnings call. In January, we guided GAAP gross margin to be approximately 49% which anticipated we would be  we would have a 150 basis points sequential decline comprised of the following. 75 basis points for the reduced Verizon component, 50 basis points from fixed cost spread over a lower base, and adverse mix of roughly 25 basis points. While Verizon and the fixed cost impact were roughly as expected, mix and an increase in the E&O reserves caused a greater negative impact of 155 basis points more than projected. This was due to a shift in product demand relative to inventory planning assumptions at the beginning of the quarter. Net-net, core Broadcom gross margin excluding the Verizon royalty of 120 basis points was 46.5%. Going forward, this is the relevant comparator number. Moving to operating expenses, during the quarter, the company booked $7 million associated with restructuring we announced on our last call. The following commentary on operating expenses focuses on recurring cost and as such excludes these amounts. Once again, we had much better than expected performance in controlling our operating expenses in the first quarter. Total operating expenses excluding the restructuring charges mentioned before for Q1 were down $30 million from Q4 levels, less than the $8 million to $10 million increase we expected in January. Over half of this favorability came as a result of tight cost control programs instituted over the last six months. Specifically favorability to our estimate came from three principal areas. Our ongoing efforts to control the growth in headcount and other operating expenses including stock-based compensation benefits greater than projected generated approximately $23 million in favorability. Timing of legal expenses and additional D&O recovery generated approximately $10 million of favorability. Please recall, we have said that this is somewhat unpredictable. Timing  and third, timing benefit of approximately $7 million associated with mask and prototyping, which should manifest itself from the next quarter or so. Our efforts over the last year to manage control to operating expenses are clearly paying off. Weve made excellent progress over the last year with our Q1 2009 spending lower than any other quarter since Q1 2008, despite having absorbed the expenses associated with the AMD DTV business in Q4 2008. We decreased total headcount in Q1 by 217 people to a worldwide total of 7185. Moving to the balance sheet, as I mentioned earlier, total cash and market securities were $1.96 billion as we generated positive cash flow from operations of $91 million. As we indicated in January, we expect inventories to decrease and turns to improve. Based on the strong work of our operations team, were able to reduce the inventories by roughly $100 million and improve turns to 6.7 times. Assuming no further shocks to the industry, we anticipate turns will improve next quarter. Our accounts receivable, day sales outstanding, returned to a more normal level of 38 days due to roughly flat linearity. Moving to expectations. I will be providing guidance net of the transaction as there is too much uncertainty as to timing and accounting the treatment at this point to project financial impact. We currently expect Q2 revenue to increase to roughly $900 million to $975 million and looking to at what we expect to happen in Q2, in broadband communications, we expect strong growth across all target markets. In mobile and wireless, we anticipate sequential growth virtually across the board, driven by new product ramps and normal seasonality. Our enterprise networking business should decline somewhat as we remain cautious about the IT infrastructure/capital equipment market somewhat slower rebound out of the current economic downturn. We expect overall GAAP gross margin to improve slightly by roughly 25 basis points to 50 basis points off of the 46.5% we saw in Q1 excluding Verizon. This is driven by a benefit to overhead absorption, partially offset by mix and anticipated E&O level. Typically, E&O reserve as a percentage of total inventory peak about one quarter after the trough. With respect to GAAP operating expenses, we expect core business operating expenses to be roughly flat to up $5 million, driven principally by timing of tape-outs/prototyping and some IT and lab related costs. Beyond that, with the options litigations picking up and unknown further reimbursement from our D&O carriers were estimating legal expenditures increasing in the range of $10 million to $15 million. To reiterate, this is very difficult to forecast these expenses and reimbursements as they are largely out of our control. Net-net, we anticipate total operating expenses will grow approximately $10 million to $20 million over Q1, which would put us  put operating expenses at or below year-ago levels. Again, this is after integrating roughly 500 people in the AMD DTV acquisition. In closing, I would like to reiterate our operating strategy for 2009. We are targeting managing our business to share gain and generate positive quarterly cash flow from operations in 2009. As you can see read in our proxy statement and 8-K, weve aligned our incentives accordingly. Specifically, weve built our plan including cost savings targets to target running the business above $75 million positive quarterly cash flow from operations and have done so in Q1 and project to do so in Q2. We believe this will allow us to leverage our cash strength to emerge from the downturn into stronger market position as we enter. Again, the guidance provided does not contemplate the transaction announced this morning. And now, Id like the call back over to Scott to talk more about the announcement this morning.
Scott McGregor: Thank you, Eric. I would now like to highlight some key points in our proposal to acquire Emulex. As many of you know, Broadcom has proposed to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Emulex common stock for $9.25 per share, payable in cash. I think its important to highlight that this proposal is not subject to any financing conditions and provides significant immediate value for shareholders as it offers considerable premiums to current and historical valuations, specifically a 40% premium over Emulexs closing price yesterday, April 20th, a 62% premium over the last 30 days average trading price, and an approximately 85% premium over their enterprise value. Financially, this transaction is beneficial to Broadcom as its immediately accretive to both margin and EPS upon close. Please note that in my previous statement, EPS does not include any purchase accounting related adjustments and fair value measurements.
 : We believe the combination of Broadcom and Emulex will enable our combined company to accelerate the development and adoption of the converged networking solutions that represent the future and ensure that we meet the needs of our customers in the rapidly evolving data center and networking space. In joining Broadcom, Emulex employees will be able to take part in this exciting industry transition with a Fortune 500 leader in technology execution and conversion is just a few miles away. In closing, we look forward to hearing from the Board of Directors of Emulex regarding our proposal as our preference would be to engage with the company directly. Were confident if they were given the opportunity to engage directly with Emulex, well be able to negotiate a mutually acceptable merger agreement and close in a timely manner. Finally, as many of you know, Broadcom has a rich and successful history, integrating approximately 40 acquisitions over the last 15 years with a large number of employees from those transactions still with us to date. As such, we are confident we have the skills and resources to integrate this transaction quickly and effectively. That concludes our prepared comments and now, were ready for your questions. Lorraine, may we have the first question please?
Operator: Yes. Our first question comes from Randy Abrams from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Randy Abrams  Credit Suisse: Yes, thank you. I wondered if you can elaborate on the gross margins. Just talk about the potential or what the moving parts would be to get back towards the 50% plus range? And then as baseband starts to ramp in second half, do you anticipate any initial drag from the baseband revenue?
Eric Brandt: Well, so Randy, Ill reiterate what Ive said in the past. Its hard to draw conclusions about systemic gross margins in this kind of downturn. There are a couple of things going on. One is we have  with the significant drop in revenue you have the overhead absorption issue. The other thing that happens is we actually get an increase in excess and obsolete inventory and in fact, if you look at prior periods and prior downturns, whether you look at 2001 or 2004 or even today, that number, which is currently running at around 21% can get as high as 30% or 40%. So, as that number moves up and as you are adjusting for whats being demanded versus what youve actually got, and remember we are doing inventory planning off of the forecast, you do get that  you do get a hit from that.
-:
Randy Abrams  Credit Suisse:
 :
, :
Eric Brandt: Yes. Randy, we are actually watching the cash flow component here. I would say as a company, weve built a plan off of a cash flow assumption. We originally assumed, when we announced last quarter, savings off of our originally expected cost basis for 2009 of in excess of $100 million. We are now close to $200 million savings off of that number. We are managing this tightly from a, what Ill call, ex-legal standpoint because we  again, the legal piece is not predictable. So, I dont that think showed a real comfort that the markets return to levels that look like 2008, that you will see any substantive change to our spending other than timing elements associated with masks and prototyping.
Randy Abrams  Credit Suisse: Okay. Last question. You mentioned a bit of gap or inventory is coming down in your under-shipping customers. Based on the outlook for second quarter, do you think that closes the gap or do you think there is still some areas where you could close the gap further into second half?
Eric Brandt: Randy, Im not sure I understand the question. I mean in terms of 
Randy Abrams  Credit Suisse: I mean you are guiding  well, for second quarter you are guiding a bit of an acceleration in growth and I was just wondering is that implying that youre now catching up to your customers run rates or is there further catch-up to do in second half where you could accelerate even further relative to the market.
Eric Brandt:
 :
Operator: (Operator instructions) And our next question comes from Tim Luke from Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Tim Luke  Barclays Capital: A question to Scott. Just, if you could provide a little bit of the context on the Emulex proposal? It looks from your letter to them that you initially approached them in December and they werent particularly receptive on the need to hide these a little to their poison pill provision. Can you talk about the context as you moved into this transaction and how you perceived their response to date? And separately, I just want to get back to the gross margin side. It sounded like you were saying there were some issues associated with inventory and some mix issues, but should we continue to model a longer-term 50% gross margin or how should we be thinking about that? Thank you.
Scott McGregor:
 : We believe that there is a very compelling value in putting the two companies together. When we look across the server space at what our trends that are going to drive that business going forward, we see the customers are very interested in finding ways to bring together Ethernet and fibre channel solutions and so, we believe its a great opportunity to put those technologies together, offer customers a smooth migration to the Fibre Channel over Ethernet technology and it enables Broadcom going forward to offer a complete set of technology for those customers. Let me turn the other question over to Eric.
Eric Brandt: So, Tim, again on the gross margin side of things, you are right. There is some inventory mix relative to planning in terms of what weve actually pulled as we got pull-ins from the quarter and what actually we have projected and that triggers some additional increase and E&O levels, in fact they went up significantly, probably on a projection basis in the range of 200 basis points of a hit to gross margin. In terms of going forward, eventually that stuff does turn around and we will be happy at some point to show you the chart just historically of how that behaves. But you can see that there was a confluence of events that drive gross margin down in a downturn. One is the physical downturn and the overhead absorption issues and the second relates to the E&O as it creeps up and then eventually winds its way off. Going forward, as I said Im consciously optimistic. I believe that those things begin to wind their way off and then we get the benefit of some of our more cost-optimized chips beginning to hit the market towards the back half of this year. So I  we dont provide guidance beyond one quarter, but I would say that 2008 was a year we focused on OpEx and clearly, 2009 is a year were focusing on gross margin. So, more on that over the course of the year as we report.
Tim Luke  Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jim Snyder [ph]. Please go ahead.
Jim Snyder: Maybe you could start on the baseband business for a moment. Now that you are shipping that in volume, could you give us any kind of sense about when you might expect that baseband business to be essentially on par with one of your larger businesses, such as Bluetooth?
Scott McGregor: Well, Bluetooth is one of our largest businesses, so that will certainly take a little bit of time. We are not guiding that specifically, but we are encouraged very much by the initial shipments we have in our new baseband chips and well give you a little more visibility over the next few quarters, but Im going to decline to the state-specific goals for that. We did that a while back and that didnt work out so well for us. So, I think well just share the market data as we get it.
Jim Snyder: I understand. Then I guess my second one would be  maybe Scott, you  I think you talked about some of the very strategic reasons why you are interested in Emulex, but could you talk a little bit more about some of the specific assets there and what was most attractive to you, was it the fibre channel software stack or was it the converged network adapters? What was it exactly that in terms of assets that made you interested in that?
Scott McGregor: The variety of assets in the company. There is certainly a very robust and hardened software stack that takes a fair amount of time to do. We can certainly do it, but working with Emulex gives us one that is already proven and that has a high degree of customer acceptance today. Certainly, their adapters are well entrenched in the market. One of the things I like is their relationship with customers and also their distributor channel. They have a large distributor channel and one of the potentials for us at Broadcom is that well, maybe some of our other Broadcom products would be appropriate to a VAR channel as well and so, it gives us an opportunity in the future to look for expanding existing products into new customers through some new opportunities. So, its a variety of things, its technology, both hardware and software, its a talented team, customers and channel, together its a good package and I think putting the companies together will allow us to really take advantage of the strength of both companies and create a lot of value going forward for both sets of shareholders and the customers, both of our customers today.
Jim Snyder: Fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS. Please go ahead.
Uche Orji  UBS:
 :
Scott McGregor: I would say the pricing environment is very competitive. Thats not something new recently. I mean, well fit a pretty competitive industry in that respect. I think we said on previous calls that a lot of times when our competitors find that they cant compete on features such as in the wireless combo chips, they resort to price and in some cases, that makes their solution more attractive than it would be otherwise and in some cases, that doesnt work because for example in the combo chips, we offer lower power and a smaller footprint and price doesnt fix those kind of things. It might make you feel better about an inferior part, but it doesnt really address all of the customer desires in that space. So, we have a variety of opportunities there. I think that our move to 65 nanometers is, as you alluded to, has increased our competitiveness and we use that competitiveness in two ways. One of course is to drive additional features and functionality. It does reduce our cost of the dies as we can get more things on them and what not. But weve also used that to penetrate new markets and so, you see us using 65 nanometers in cellular basebands, in a lot of the broadband consumer areas where we are going after new markets. We are also pushing to gain share in some of the network spaces, small and medium business and what not. I would say at this point we have a large part of our product portfolio moved over to 65 nanometers. There is still a few parts left in 130 nanometer or other feature sizes that are doing just fine. Weve generally moved the ones that get the biggest benefit to 65 nanometers already, we will continue to move a few more, but right now and alluding to the cost factor, I think a lot of a  the cost of moving to 65 nanometer is behind us. Well start to tape out our first 40 nanometer chips later this year, but we dont expect its going to be the wave like we did for 65 nanometers. There will be some parts that immediately benefit from 40 nanometers because of speed or die-size, defect density, kinds of factors. But again, its not going to be the massive swell towards 45 nanometers and therefore, we wont see the cost lift that we saw when we moved to 65 nanometers.
Uche Orji  UBS:
 :
, :
 :
Scott McGregor: IPTV, we definitely see as an important factor going forward and Broadcom intends to participate there as strongly as we do in any other space. Weve already got some initial traction with customers. We will be making some more comments on that over the next couple of quarters, but we do see that very much as a growth area for Broadcom and certainly our goal is to be number one in that space and weve got an aggressive set of products, we are working very closely with Microsoft in that space and deploying a lot of very interesting technology. Broadcom has the advantage that we have such depth of technology from our satellite, from our cable areas and we also leverage a lot of the capabilities from our other businesses. So, it enables us to feel very strong products in that space and we believe there is no reason why we couldnt see a good share in there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Thanks guys. A question on the gross margin, you talked about mix being a negative factor. Can you give us an idea of what are the positive drivers to the mix and negative drivers to mix and maybe a general range of the gross margins of your products please?
Eric Brandt: Yes, we havent been that specific, but I think you know that enterprise segment products typically are higher-margin type of products than consumer products and as weve seen that mix shift, weve been hurt a little bit by that. I think that as that segment recovers, well see some benefit from that going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shawn Webster from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Shawn Webster  JPMorgan: Yes, thank you very much. Can I just clarify on the inventory write-down, Eric? I think you said it was 200 basis points worth of incremental hit in Q1.
Eric Brandt: Yes, its not a write-down Shawn. In every quarter you evaluate your inventory relative to demand and you take a reserve under the presumption that you wont sell if, if you dont have immediate demand for something. And so, relative to what we thought would happen, we thought it would be flat to actually down slightly, it actually went up and it was in the range of 200 basis points. And so, the way that works is part by part. Now, as you can imagine that, when you wind up in that situation, one of the things we will do because of the way accounting works is you write that part down to zero, because you dont take partial reserves on parts. You take partial reserves on the amount of inventory, but an individual product gets written to zero is that we will then make every effort to sell that part aggressively if we can and that gives us  thats what gives us the tailwind in the future as you reduce those number of parts you are carrying and you sell them at a deal going forward. So, thats what happened.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America. Please go ahead.
Sumit Dhanda  Banc of America: Yes. Hi Eric, just a follow-up on that question again. So, there was a 130 basis point miss on gross margins versus initial expectations and you said reserves and mix were the factors, but are you suggesting that the reserves were a total of 200 basis points? Could you just clarify the math on that?
Eric Brandt:
. :
 :
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wu from Global Crown Capital. Please go ahead. David Wu, your line is now open. If you are on the speaker phone, can you please pick up your handset? Okay. And our next question comes from Craig Berger from FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Craig Berger  FBR Capital Markets: Hi guys. Just on the gross margins, I mean if you took 130 BPs of E&O write-downs, I mean why dont we get that back at some point in the future?
Eric Brandt: You do actually, but it takes time, right? So, it rolls up over time and rolls down over time. It just doesnt come back in any given quarter unless you are selling the exact inventory you wrote down, which means you shouldnt have written it down to being with. So, what happens over time is it does come down and you do get a tailwind from that as revenue begins to pick up. So, you get a double tailwind when revenue picks up. You get the tailwind of the E&O beginning to come down to a lower percentage of the mix, as well as the overhead absorption and then as I mentioned, we are expecting some improvement in terms of the products themselves.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ruben Roy from Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Ruben Roy  Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you. Hi Scott, you touched on this, but I was wondering  you said you could potentially build fibre channel products in-house. I know Broadcom has been hiring engineers with fibre channel experience over the past year. Just wondering kind of what drove the buy  potentially buy Emulex at this point versus build it in-house. Was it something your customers were pushing you to do and specifically, I was just wondering if this goes entrance recently into the service market its accelerating how you are looking at the transition of Fibre Channel over Ethernet? Thank you.
Scott McGregor: Certainly customers have motivated us in this space. They certainly would like to see expertise on Ethernet and fibre channel from the same supplier. One of the challenges, I think, customers face is that today in the market there are people who are really good at fibre channel and then people who are really good at Ethernet and no one who is good at both. And so this will create Broadcom to be the one supplier that can provide a comprehensive set of products and help customers who deploy fibre channel or deploy Ethernet or want to go to the future of hybrid Fibre Channel over Ethernet. So, thats we think something that offers a great opportunity for our customers. In terms of why this, why now? We look across all of the different opportunities for Broadcom. We focus on opportunities in the hand, looking at wireless and portable technologies, we focus on opportunities in the living room, and you see a lot of the broadband efforts we do there. We also believe and are very positive about infrastructure, the enterprise networking space, we believe thats a great opportunity, will continue to be a good opportunity going forward, and this is a way to strengthen our portfolio in that space. So, a combination of those things, thinking about it from an overall portfolio point of view, we believe this is both an attractive acquisition for Broadcom from a portfolio point of view, but also very attractive for our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark McKechnie from Broadpoint Securities. Please go ahead.
Mark McKechnie  Broadpoint Securities: Great, no, thanks. On Emulex, I mean it does sound like theyre fighting the takeover a little bit, not quite sure why they are not seeing the same synergies, but I would appreciate if you could try to articulate how hard do you fight here to get this with the Broadcom assets. And the price, I guess Im starting to hear the synergies, but can you kind of help articulate how its super-important strategically or is this just a nice adder to your P&L or how you look at that? Thanks.
Scott McGregor: Well, first of all, I wouldnt characterize it as a fight. I mean, we made an initial entry into Emulex and we asked their Chairman whether they would be open to a discussion and they basically said, no, the company isnt for sale and that was the end of the discussion until today, so I wouldnt characterize it as a fight. We have amicable personal relationships between the companies and so, we have every reason to hope that this isnt a fight at all, that this will be something we can work out together and we very much await hearing from the Board of Directors of Emulex on this proposal, and hope to be able to engage with them shortly.
 : But we have to remember that its the infrastructure that really enables that and Broadcom is the largest player in the infrastructure space. We believe that as video and 3G and 4G and as your living room sort of wakes up, talks to not only all the different devices there, but starts talking across the Internet, so thats going to drive a lot of bandwidth across infrastructure. And so for us, we look at what are the things in infrastructure that are going to benefit from this. Certainly, storage and the whole  how do you access data and devices is very important and fibre channel is a very important play in that today in the enterprise space and certainly the large server farms that we have out there. We see the whole trend towards increased bandwidth on the infrastructure side as something that will play very well with our ability to expand Broadcoms footprint from just Ethernet, which we have today into Ethernet and fibre channel, broadening our storage opportunities and providing that complete solution to customers. So, its very synergistic to what we do, its a logical add-on. Its absolutely strategic for us in the sense that it expands our footprint in infrastructure, which we believe in very strongly going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Adam Benjamin from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Adam Benjamin  Jefferies: Thanks guys. You talked about seeing revenue and units up double digits sequentially for your combo chips. I wonder if you can give some more color as to the number of tier-one OEMs youd be shipping to, not only for June, but for the rest of the year and material volume, i.e., millions of units, as you move across the rest of the year. Thanks.
Peter Andrew: Yes, and this is Peter. If you look at the combo parts, I assume youre referring more to our Triple-Play parts of 4325 and the 4329. We will be shipping those parts to multiple tier-one OEMs. I think its the quick answer to your question. Do you have another one, if you want to dig into a little bit more? Adam, you are still there?
Operator: He is back in queue. (Operator instructions)
Peter Andrew: Okay. Lorraine, lets go to the other one and well come back to Adam.
Operator: Adam is back on the line.
Peter Andrew: Okay. Go ahead, Adam.
Adam Benjamin  Jefferies: Thanks. Thanks guys. Just on  you talked a lot on gross margin, but you previously talked about gross margin mix on the 65-nanometer starting at 10% early in the year and finishing 40%. Just wondered if you can give an update on where that stands as we are now in April here and where do you expect that to go? And then more importantly as you look out, are you going to expect to see any benefit the rest of this year from those  from that mix or is it really 2010 as you kind of previously talked about? Thanks.
Eric Brandt: So Adam, I think we said north of 20% exiting the year, but Ill  Ill go double check my notes. But were north  we were  on a revenue basis, I believe were north of 15% in Q1. And as we roll across the year and that increases as a percentage of our mix, we will see a benefit. And the reason were going to see a benefit as I mentioned is, there are second and third-generation parts, which are substantially smaller in die-size, providing similar and in some cases, greater functionality than what was being provided before. So thats a win-win to the customer in a sense if the BOM price comes down and we are able to hold margin, essentially reduce the cost structure of the chip faster than the ASP decline of the chip. So we expect to see some tailwinds on that on the back part of the year with the sweet spot probably rolling into 2010 as we originally said I believe at your conference.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mahesh Sanganeria  RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Scott, just some more on Emulex acquisition. It looks like you are making several exception in this case, you usually acquire smaller companies and this time you are going for a much bigger company and Emulex is more of a systems company and rather than chip company. So I would suggest you are  must be really, really convinced that this is a strategically the best way to go. And so, if you can give us little bit more color on that and what options  other options have you looked at the QLogic and why did you choose Emulex over QLogic? And one more thing I want to figure out also in terms of your portfolio management. Looks like enterprise networking has been lower than what it has  as a percent of the revenue and could it be that you are trying to get your gross margins back up by basically matching all three segments so that you can get the gross margin back to 50% plus?
Scott McGregor:
 : When we look at companies for acquisitions, we look at a number of different areas, we look at strategic fit, its a good strategic fit, it allows us to participate in the architectural transition to Fibre Channel over Ethernet. And it creates a broad server product line and best-in-class networking solutions for us. We also look at is the team Broadcom quality, we look at competitive advantage, we look at potential synergies, financial criteria, does it enhance revenue growth for us, does it have the opportunity to increase gross margins. And yes, in this case it does increase gross margins. Some people ask us, well, why would you be interested in a company that has a substantial board business. A lot of people are allergic to board businesses because they think of them as low margin, but Emulex has done a great job creating a very high margin, a high value board business that consolidates a lot of technologies ranging from the chips themselves to the complete solution. We look at valuation obviously, we look at risks and we look at accretion dilution. This is an accretive investment for us. So we believe financially its very attractive. So you asked another question of why Emulex, there were other opportunities? Let me answer that sort of in four or five different areas. Principal technology, Broadcom focuses on Ethernet to date; we certainly have some fibre channel investments weve made, but certainly not to the depth of Emulex. Emulex has very, very strong fibre channel resources and combining the two, we think creates really good complementary technologies. We look at product lines, Broadcom has switches, controllers, processors, and PHYs. Emulex has host bus adapters, embedded fibre channel switches and bridges and what not. The combination of those again, very complementary going forward. We look at our primary customers in this space and there are customers like Cisco and HP and IBM, Dell, ZT, Huawei, those are some of our key customers in the space. Emulex key customers are HP, IBM, EMC, again a very high overlap and complementary value there. Another interesting thing is sales channel. We are primarily a direct sales channel. Emulex is both direct, but also through distribution. And in particular, theyve got a very interesting VAR network theyve created and we see that as a complementary opportunity. Some of it will be the same in that we already talked to some of the same customers. But again it also gives us an opportunity to take Emulex technology through the much broader OEM networks that we have at Broadcom and vice versa, we can take a lot of the Broadcom technology potentially through the VAR channel over the future going forward there. So again very complementary, we think Emulex fits particularly well in that space and we see there is a positive opportunity for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Morris from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Dan Morris  Oppenheimer: Thank you. Could you comment on your backlog coverage relative to guidance? And also how would you characterize visibility in terms of returns?
Eric Brandt:
 : I think in Q1, we saw probably an equal mix, maybe a little bit more on the pull-in side on Q1, which caused some of the inventory issues I mentioned. But I would say, we are not entering Q2 with any different assumption relative to mix than weve had in the past and feel that Q2 has a more of a normal feel than certainly Q1 and Q4 has.
Scott McGregor: One observation on top of that is that a lot of our customers and the channel in general has been trying to lean itself out, meaning to try and get as lean as possible. And one of the things I think we and a number of other companies in our industry are seeing is that when customers start to run low on parts, the ability of the supply chain to respond quickly is hampered a bit. In other words, there isnt extra inventory of parts lying around for people who have sudden increases in demand. And so, thats caused some of the expedite situations we see where customers do have successful products and they want more parts and its not as easy to supply them on short supply as they request.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank: Hi Eric, just one quick question, a follow-up on the gross margin question I asked earlier. When you mentioned about  a little bit about mix and the enterprise and networking side being the higher gross margin contributor, Im a little confused if that business dropped as it did the least amount in the first quarter in your segments, why was gross margin impacted negatively on mix and then I guess in the second quarter as well that supposed to become a smaller part of your mix, but yet the gross margin guidance is up because of mix?
Eric Brandt: Okay. So let me answer the Q2 piece first, okay? So relative to the Q2 piece, the benefit were seeing in Q2 is principally driven by overhead absorption and I said this mix in E&O that pushes the other way. But the real benefit is the overhead absorption on the quarter. In terms of Q1, its really mix relative to what we had anticipated going into the quarter and so its off of our what our initial assumptions were, which the networking group is lower than what we had thought when we had done our forecast. There are some other mix issues in other parts of the business, in other business units as well in terms of higher and lower gross margin lines of business. But thats basically the description.
Operator:
 :
Srini [ph]  CLSA: Thanks, guys. Scott, I guess the combo products seem to be doing really well. My question is obviously you are a dominant player in Wi-Fi, as well as in Bluetooth. And as you move to combos, how much of that is you think is incremental versus some sort of cannibalization? And also, how should we think about the ASP difference between the combo versus in a stand-alone Wi-Fi and Bluetooth? Thank you.
Scott McGregor: Yes, thanks Srini [ph], thats a good question. I think it depends in different spaces. For example in the Bluetooth space, weve seen a move from a stand-alone Bluetooth to Bluetooth plus FM. So in a sense thats cannibalization, but I would characterize it is very positive cannibalization because we were able to add more value and offer an opportunity for increasing our ASP by offering the addition of Bluetooth plus FM tuner. In the wireless LAN space, I would say that thats largely incremental, because its primarily going into smartphones and it represents the penetration of wireless LAN into the smartphone space. And so as somebody who has an existing smartphone wants to go beyond Bluetooth and other capabilities and add wireless LAN, its very, very compelling for them to do that with a combo chip. And again I think you probably understand this, but the advantage of a combo chip for the customer is smaller footprint, lower power, and very importantly, pre-integrated RF. So they dont have to worry about the compatibility and co-existence of wireless LAN and Bluetooth. We automatically handle that, we prioritize on a packet-by-packet basis whether its asynchronous data or  example streaming music or headphones or whatever. And I think as we see, smartphones additionally add GPS and wireless LAN, the various combo products we offer are going to become even more attractive because again the more radios you put in the device, the more challenging it is from an engineering point of view to get them all to play nice together. And by pre-integrating a lot of those and having a set of products that pre-integrate the various wireless combinations, we really simplify the task for the handset designer. We do see a lot of other spaces beginning to pickup for incremental growth. Wireless LAN is moving increasingly into consumer devices. I think Bluetooth moving into consumer devices such as TV sets, other kinds of things we think will be incremental growth. So I would say there are tremendous opportunities for incremental growth and we dont view it as a cannibalization thing primarily. The cannibalization we see will likely be where we cannibalize one of our own products with a higher value increased functionality product and so both positive, incremental as well as the increased functionality cannibalization if you will.
Eric Brandt: Yes, and just to add quickly on that, one proved point to that is  I mean probably the best example is wireless LAN. You can see wireless LAN is increasing its market, right? Its expanding where its going. And as a result, for a large business like that in the face of the current economy, its one of  its one of our businesses that actually grew year-on-year, because its penetrating new markets and creating new uses for its product and being the first people there and bring the interoperability has put us in a very nice position.
Scott McGregor: In fact, Id say wireless LAN is a great candidate for one of the strongest products  product families for us this year. We see wireless LAN growth as a significant growth driver for us in this year.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And our next question comes from Edward Snyder from Charter Equity. Please go ahead.
Edward Snyder  Charter Equity: Thank you very much. I want to go back to wireless if you can a bit here, your product is starting to shift with you no longer to be named main customer in the EDGE platform and that should ramp through the rest of this year and I know you have been  its been announced that you will be doing a 3G chip there. What can we expect in terms of the profile from the revenue, margin, and investment point of view? Obviously youre going to have to put a lot of time and energy and resources into developing a 3G chip for this product. Should we expect this business as a whole, should be accretive, dilutive to gross margins and from a OpEx point of view versus a revenue, is it something thats going to be a big driver overall or you see as a cost center for the next year or so before we start getting enough volume that you can either board to other OEMs or just from your main customer to see a net return thats more positive than what youre investing?
Scott McGregor: We dont break out all of the detail you are asking for, but let me try and help you on a few other points. Weve assembled a very strong team in our cellular area and we believe that that team is adequate to deliver 2G and 3G products to our two primary customers that weve announced today. And so, as such, we wouldnt expect to ramp that team over the cost of this  over the course of this year and so we wouldnt expect the cost of that to go up. I mean our goal on our cellular investment at this point is to start getting some leverage on the investments that weve made and to see moving towards the return on those. If we were to get significant new customers or dramatically expand the footprint versus what weve talked about, yes, that would possibly entail additional cost, but we would only do so if we saw that we had those design wins and a compelling opportunity there. So I think weve got a pretty good discipline and cost model on our cellular space. We do expect that to begin to ramp this year. I wouldnt set high expectations on a large amount of revenue this year. I think 2010 is where were going to see more of the volume ramp in that space and yes, we are looking to see a return on the investments weve made there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton from Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Quinn Bolton  Needham & Company: Hi, just wanted to clarify one point and then ask about the GPS business. The clarification, it sounds like youre starting to see replenishment activity in your consumer business, but youre still seeing de-stocking in the enterprise networking. Is that the right way to be thinking about the two businesses?
Scott McGregor: I guess, I wouldnt  I would say that the in the enterprise networking space, we are just not seeing a pickup of demand. I dont think there is an unusual stocking situation there or a lot of inventory in that channel at this point certainly from what we can see. But its just that the demand isnt picking up yet and we attribute that to low corporate enterprise spend. And generally, when people are doing layoffs at companies or theyre downsizing their companies, theyre not thinking about building new datacenters, okay? And thats what drives a lot of that growth. Certainly there is replenishment, certainly people do expand on projects and add new capabilities. One of the things that we do see as an opportunity in the enterprise space is people are replacing older equipment with newer equipment that has as lower power and cooling footprint or where they can get more capabilities in the same rack. And so thats an opportunity and we do see that going on, because generally the IT organizations can justify that financially within one year, it pays for itself very quickly. Our return on investment is very good. But we just dont see a pickup in the enterprise space and so thats why our more muted comments there versus seeing more of a pickup in the wireless space and in the broadband space where we do see a pickup.
Operator: And our next question comes from Gary Mobley from Noble Financial. Please go ahead.
Gary Mobley  Noble Financial: Hi guys, I have a couple of questions for Scott. Emulex has an ecosystem of various ASIC and ASSP vendors that help supply for board and box level solution. Just wondering if you are successful in acquiring Emulex, how that ecosystems impacted? And then my second question relates to MoCA, you didnt mention MoCA in your prepared comments. Im just curious, having seen your main competitor in MoCA announced some alliances with different cable MSOs as well as whats existing at Verizon. Just wondering if that penetration by the competitor is sort of blocking you out for a period of time.
Scott McGregor: Your first question on the Emulex ecosystem, its a little premature for us to have sorted all that out yet. We look forward as we get closer to concluding a transaction, well look into that. I mean generally I ascribe to the principal, if it isnt broken, dont fix it. So we certainly wouldnt go in and dramatically change anything if its already working well. Obviously overtime, we would look to improve and optimize and so forth. But again, I wouldnt expect any fast changes in the ecosystem. Its working pretty well right now. We think we can improve it overtime, but we dont envision radical changes there. On MoCA, we didnt say anything specifically about MoCA, but that doesnt in anyway diminish our enthusiasm for it. Weve done really well with MoCA, were integrating that into a variety of products, weve announced those, weve deployed those with customers. We believe that the primary interest for us in MoCA is integrating that capability into a variety of set-top boxes and other devices where they communicate within the home over the cable infrastructure. And so, all of those different products, whether its TV or set-top box or cable modems or other kinds of things, we will deploy that as part of our SSCs there and weve had very good success with customers and we believe that well be able to provide a significant part of that market going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Steve Smigie  Raymond James: Great, thank you. I was wondering if you could comment on cash management, post an Emulex deal, is there still plenty of cash for a potential buybacks, other acquisitions, et cetera? Thanks.
Eric Brandt: Yes, absolutely. I mean as you can see, the transaction is in a $800 million range, they have about $300 million in cash. So, we anticipate it uses about $500 million of our net cash off of a balance of nearly $2 billion. That leaves us an extra $1.5 billion plus whatever cash we generate over the course of the year. So this transaction doesnt substantially change our cash position really at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suji De Silva from Kaufman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Suji De Silva  Kaufman Brothers: Hi, good morning, guys. Two questions, one for Scott, perhaps one for Eric. On Emulex Scott, Im just having trouble seeing the revenue synergies one to two years out, Emulex had the fibre channel assets and youve had your C-NIC vision for a while, Ethernet storage over Ethernet. Does Fibre Channel over Ethernet have to kick in for this to work or is there some way that the revenue synergies manifest without that? The second question is on gross margin. It just sounds like you guys are more excited in the second half about some of the consumer, new products into the holiday season. Im wondering if thats the case how gross margin could have sort of an uplift from a mix perspective if thats the case?
Scott McGregor: Ill let Eric speak to the gross margin question. But in terms of Emulex on revenue synergies, we dont see fibre channel as something that happened suddenly. We see that as something thats going to roll out gradually over the next few years. And so, as such, we arent expecting or building into our models dramatic revenue synergies. We believe we can optimize the Emulex existing businesses going forward a little bit, see a little bit of opportunity there as we can introduce them to more customers and take advantage of that. And likewise, we do see an opportunity for Broadcom products moving forward with their channels. But I think the real key thing for the next few years is that this will enable Broadcom to uniquely be able to go to customers and say, we can cover you completely in fibre channel with the worlds best, most solid, robust technology in fibre channel, were already known for having the best Ethernet technology, and together we can create a mixture of those products and satisfy the needs of these enterprise customers where they want to mix and match, maybe migrate slowly or quickly or do whatever. It enables Broadcom to be the supplier that will work with them regardless of what their strategy is and provide all the solutions they need to know that theyve got compatible products and a solid set of functionality and a robust and reliable system, which is absolutely critical to those enterprises suppliers.
Eric Brandt: Just on the gross margin question. Remember gross margin is a product of a couple of different things. One being the actual overhead absorption and to the extent that volume and the economy recovers or at least our business recovers consistent with what people are talking about. We pick that up. I think in addition, its a product mix and price and with some additional products that are coming, we believe that are more efficient in size will benefit from that. And then lastly, as we listen to our customers with some hope that the enterprise segment begins to pickup in the back half of the year, we should see some mix benefit on that as well. So I think there are a variety of different things which give us bit of an optimistic view. Certainly the roll-off, if it follows its historic pattern, will give us a tailwind as well to get down to a more normalized level.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Wu from Global Crown Capital. Please go ahead.
David Wu  Global Crown Capital: Yes. Can you help me on two things? Number one is on the gross margin. When these write-offs or perhaps excess and obsolete charges you took in Q1 on enterprise carrier, I assume that if the business comes back, those  you recover those charge-offs so to speak and you get extra gross margin. Is that some of the  some of the push and takes that would help the gross margin in the second half assuming some left in enterprise demand? The other one I was wondering is for Scott, is really if this Emulex decide to be stay independent and that really doesnt amount to anything, whats your backup plan if you  would you do other deals in that areas or do you have a plan that you want to have an offering in  if Fibre over Ethernet and you either it internally or look at other possible deals?
Eric Brandt: Well, with the respect to the gross margin, the E&O reserve is not exclusive to enterprise networking. Weve taken E&O reserve on a part level and it cuts across all of our business units. So to the extent that combo parts were accelerating in the quarter and we had low inventory and we had pull-ins on combo parts, that doesnt help E&O. And so, while we have in a variety of different places. The accounting for E&O, excess and obsolete, as we look at our demand pattern, we cant see a reasonable demand pattern to sell the parts that are in finished goods that we have on our books at that time, we take a reserve against us. If it turns out later in the year that we are able to sell those parts, because weve taken a reserve at the full cost of those parts, those parts essentially sell with zero gross margin, zero cost of goods and a 100% gross margin against them. So one of the things that happens as E&O cycles up and down in down cycle is you do get a headwind as it goes up and then you get a tailwind as it comes down as demand picks up and thats across the entire business.
Operator: Our next question 
Scott McGregor: On your second question there, you asked about backup plans and stuff like that. Do we have backup plans? Yes of course, we do. Are we open to listening to other deals and opportunities? Of course, we are because we are pragmatic business people. On the other hand, let me be very clear, we are very focused and we are very determined on closing this transaction with Emulex and so thats where our focus is.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Wong from Wachovia. Please go ahead.
David Wong  Wachovia: Thanks very much. Can you tell us roughly how many DTV units ship a quarter with Broadcom content in them? And then roughly what do you  do you normally get the DTV and whats the maximum you could get?
Scott McGregor:
 :
Operator: And our next question comes from Alex Gauna from JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Alex Gauna  JMP Securities: Hi, thank you, Scott. Im wondering if youve seen in the past when communications semiconductor companies including Broadcom has moved into the storage space. Any lessons that can be taken from that that will help you going forward Emulex (inaudible)? And Im also curious your internal C-NIC and other storage area networking convergence efforts, how large are they relative to what you would be bringing on with Emulex?
Scott McGregor: So on your first question, absolutely, there are lessons that we learned from doing other things before. Both Eric and I have experience doing public company acquisitions and you learn a lot about doing those both how you execute the transaction, but more importantly how you execute the integration afterwards. So a lot of lessons learned there. Also I think Broadcom has looked at many of these areas in the past and we havent always seen the right opportunities. But for us, Emulex, we believe is a great combination for the principal technology. Reasons, product lines, primary customers and sales channel reasons that I mentioned before, so all very positive signs there and I believe the entire Broadcom team will use the depth of its experience both here and elsewhere to make this a very positive transaction.
Eric Brandt: You also had a question about the server exposure for our controller business and actually though [ph] the controller business today the majority of the revenue actually has been for the last couple of quarters is coming from products that we sell on to the server market, so the server market for us today is a very large piece of our total controller revenue.
Operator: And our next question comes from Craig Berger from FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Craig Berger  FBR Capital Markets: Thanks for taking the follow-up. Can you guys just walk we through what you expect for operating expenses I guess three components, core, legal and stock comp expense?
Eric Brandt: Yes, we 
Craig Berger  FBR Capital Markets: For Q2.
Eric Brandt: Yes we put  we put the guidance on the website. We think the core Broadcom, excluding the legal component, okay, will be flat to up principally driven by the timing of some of the tape-outs and IT spending that I mentioned that we did not spend in Q1. In terms of headcount expense, et cetera, we actually believe that that will be flat to down in those numbers since we resolved. With respect to legal, we said up 10 to 15, mostly because we cannot anticipate, well project really what the options related expenditures will be and what D&O reimbursement we will receive  well receive some this quarter. Wed actually received some in Q1 and were already received some in Q2. But since were on a cash basis, we dont project that going forward. So I think that covers the core components. We do expect stock-based compensation to come down in Q2 and probably come down across the year as we continue to modify our equity granting practices and migrate that number to a more normalized number in the industry as we discussed on Analyst Day.
Scott McGregor: And Craig, Ive sort of just remember another data point there is in Q4, remember, we added about 500 people. And so even with that addition of all those people, were still keeping a very tight reign in OpEx.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions at this time Mr. Andrew
Peter Andrew: Okay.
Scott McGregor: Okay in closing, I would like to thank everyone for joining us on the call this morning. Before we conclude, I would like to reiterate a few points. In spite of economic environment, our revenue, operating expense and cash flow from operations were in line or better than guidance. Customer orders strengthened throughout the first quarter and we experienced a number of expedite request and continued to see robust growth especially in our wireless combination products and particularly those incorporating wireless LAN. We see signs that Q1 2009 may be a trough revenue quarter, as our consumer oriented businesses in the broadband and mobile and wireless end markets are showing signs of recovery. We remain prepare to address further deterioration in the broader economic environment should it appear. The proposed acquisition of Emulex will help Broadcom accelerate our network convergence and its immediately accretive to gross margin and EPS on a cash basis on the conclusion of the transaction. We continue to believe that Broadcom is well positioned in the economic downturn. We have truly integrated product offerings and a scalable business model. As a result, we see this economic slowdown as a longer-term opportunity to emerge in an even stronger position at the end of the down cycle. Thank you very much and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-29 16:45:00) =====
Executives: Peter Andrew - VP of Investor Relations Scott McGregor - President and CEO Eric Brandt - CFO
Analysts: James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Tim Luke - Barclays Capital Adam Benjamin - Jefferies Shawn Webster - JPMorgan Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company John Dryden - Charter Equity Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird David Wong - Wachovia Uche Orji - UBS Sumeet Dhanda - Merrill Lynch Daniel Amir - Lazard Capital Markets Rubin Roy - Pacific Crest Securities Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets Aalok Shah - D.A. Davidson Dan Morris - Oppenheimer Steve Smigie - Raymond James Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers Betsy Van Hees - Caris & Company
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom fourth quarter and year-end 2008 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). Your speakers for today are Scott McGregor, Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer; Eric Brandt, Broadcom's Chief Financial Officer; and Peter Andrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Peter Andrew. Mr. Andrew, you may begin. 
Peter Andrew: Thank you very much, Martin. Before I turn the call over to Scott, I have got to make one very quick announcement. During this call we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue, gross margin and operating expense targets for the first quarter of 2009, and any other future period, as well as statements about the prospects for our various businesses, potential market share and the development status and planned availability of new products. You should note, that the guidance we provide today is based upon forecast that require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions using the information that is available to us at this time. It should be clearly understood that our actual performance and financial results may differ substantially from our forecast and the other forward-looking statements we make today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results, including among other things, general economic conditions, are discussed in the risk factors section of our 2007 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. A partial list of these important risk factors are set forth at the end of today's earnings press release. As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly, any forward looking-statement except as required by law. Please refer to the Investors section of our website at www.broadcom.com for additional historical, financial and for fiscal information, including the information required by SEC Reg. G. In addition, we've placed a slide deck, which is available now in the Investor Relations section of our website, that is on the right-hand side of the page under Q4 2008 earnings information. In this deck we have incorporated additional tables and information regarding our historical performance and our future guidance. With that, let me now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. This earnings season everyone is going to focus on the economic downturn when discussing their results and guidance. And we will do some of that too, but Broadcom had a great 2008 overall, and our strategy for 2009 is to position the company to come out of the downturn in a stronger position than when we entered. Today we will talk about our strong 2008 financial results and how we were able to gain significant share across most of our markets, how we're positioned for 2009 and what cost savings measures we are taking, so we will continue to generate strong cash flow from operations in the current economic environment. Our primary financial goal in 2008 was to profitably grow our business. We certainly achieved that goal as Broadcom reached a new record level of net revenue at over $4.6 billion, an increase of $882 million, while more than doubling our earnings per share, excluding acquisition related and impairment charges. In addition, we generated $920 million in cash flow from operations. In 2008, Broadcom clearly gained market share. According to WSTS for the first 11 months of 2008 revenue growth for the semiconductor industry was essentially flat year-over-year and most analysts are estimating that the full-year will come in essentially flat or slightly down versus 2007. Broadcom on the other hand grew revenue by 23% among the highest growth rates of leading semiconductor companies, and was also one of the few semiconductor companies to grow Q4 2008 revenue over Q4 2007 levels. From a profit perspective our earnings per share growth, excluding one-time acquisition related and impairment charges, also ranked among the highest of companies in the semiconductor industry. So I will give solid marks in 2008 for achieving our profitable growth objective. From an engineering and product perspective, we made two moves in 2008 that I believe position us very well competitively for future additional market share gains. First, we made the transition over to 65-nanometer much faster than many of our peers in the communication space. This was a large undertaking from both an engineering and financial resource perspective, which is now largely behind us. We have already overcome many of the normal engineering hurdles that accompany any process migration. Many of our peers have yet to start their migration to 65-nanometer and have not yet had to bear the financial cost of making this transition. In this weak economic environment, where spending is tight and engineering resources are limited, our peers will have to make some tough choices. Second, we have become the leader in bringing combo products to market. I'll talk more about of our milestones in the combo space, but interest in combo products, which combine multiple functions, has been well above our expectations and we're shipping a wide variety of products today. We feel that we have a significant lead on the competition and look to increase that lead as we expand our combo products in the future. While the economy clearly did impact our results in the fourth quarter, the full-year 2008, as a whole, was a very good year. As we look into 2009, the current state of the economy is providing a number of challenges. The main one is determining the true level of demand in our end-markets and the timing of inventory adjustments to align with that new level of demand. Therefore, in this uncertain environment, as we mentioned at our Analyst Day, we are shifting our focus from profitable growth to protecting our cash flow and insuring that we are investing our research and development dollars in the right areas to drive market share gains. For a number of quarters now we have been focused on tighter expense management. And you saw the results of our efforts beginning in the third quarter 2008 results. In the fourth quarter, we accelerated those efforts. Our total spending, exclusive of the digital TV acquisition, was down $6 million in the fourth quarter. Eric will go into more details on that in a minute. Our goal in adopting these belt tightening actions was to cut back on as many variable costs as possible without impacting headcount. Unfortunately, the economic outlook has not improved. So in Q1 we will drive additional savings on variable costs, and we'll implement a headcount reduction of over 200 people or roughly 3% of our total headcount. All these reductions are spread all across business groups, we have not had to cut or deemphasize any of our product lines of business. In total, we believe that these belt tightening moves, along with the headcount reduction, will enable us to significantly lessen growth in our operating expenses in 2009. We will continue to keep a tight watch on our cash flow from operations, and we are ready to take additional measures, should we feel that our cash flow is at risk. Our goal is to keep cash flow from operations above $75 million per quarter throughout 2009. Let me now turn the call over to Eric to talk more about our fourth quarter and 2008 results, along with providing guidance for the first quarter.
Eric Brandt: Thanks, Scott. As Peter mentioned, please refer to the data breakout we introduced last quarter on the Investors section of our website for additional financial information that will supplement my financial commentary. We have included additional data to reconcile gross margin, operating expense and accounting changes in addition to the detailed breakouts we provided last quarter Moving to the financial overview, to summarize, revenue of $1.13 billion, including $40 million in royalty revenue from Verizon, was up approximately 10% from a year ago and down 13% from the prior quarter, which is above the upper-end of the range we provided at Analyst Day. Full year 2008 revenue was a record $4.66 billion growing 23% over last year. GAAP gross margin, including Verizon royalties, was 50.5%, down about 180 basis points from last year. The 180 basis point decline is approximately 30 basis points below the updated guidance range we provided at Analyst Day, with the principal difference being an additional E&O Reserve on the digital TV inventory we acquired from AMD that we were unaware of at the time of Analyst Day. Excluding approximately $200 million of asset impairment charges associated with our Mobile Platforms Group and in process R&D charge for the AMD digital TV acquisition, GAAP operating expenses of $532 million increased only $11 million over Q3 versus our guidance of $15 million. So you can see that we have clearly not taken our eyes off tightening operating expenses. I'll talk more about this in a minute. GAAP earnings per share for Q4 were negative $0.32. This number includes approximately $0.40 per share for the impairment and in process R&D charges, I just mentioned. Excluding the impairment and in process R&D charges associated with acquisitions, full year GAAP EPS roughly doubled in 2008. Cash flow from operations was $146 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance decreased $390 million to a balance of $1.9 billion at the end of the quarter resulted from solid operating cash flow offset by share repurchases and the AMD DTV acquisition which closed in the quarter. Moving to revenue and gross margins, in December, we said we expected Q4 revenue could be approximately $1.05 billion to $1.1 billion. As in the current global economic environment customers were requesting adjustments to the deliveries and we were seeing significant push outs and cancellations. What occurred in Q4 was an overall revenue decline, slightly less than the guidance provided, with revenue coming in above the high-end of our guidance range. With respect to our broadband communications target market, as anticipated, we saw a modest decline in revenue driven by broadband modems and seasonal declines in digital TV and Blu-ray offset by revenue increases in the set-top box area, principally driven by operators preparing for the analog TV cut-off. In the mobile and wireless market we experienced sequential declines in most areas driven by seasonality and by a weakening in the mobile and wireless end-markets. Our enterprise networking target market also declined sequentially during Q4, with greater weakness in the more PC related areas versus our switching solutions. Revenue distribution for Q4 was as follows. Broadband Communications was 39% of total revenue, Mobile and Wireless, which includes Verizon royalties, was 36%. Enterprise networking accounted for 25%. Our GAAP gross margin decreased by 180 basis points to 50.5%; which is somewhat below the range provided at our Analyst Day. In December, we guided GAAP gross margins to be down 125 to 150 basis points, which included 20 basis points for the AMD DTV inventory step-off/sell-through, but did not anticipate an incremental 50 basis points for AMD ENO related reserve. When looking at the core Broadcom gross margin, excluding AMD, it actually did somewhat better than anticipated. Verizon royalties represented a 180 basis point positive effect to the Q4 gross margin. Moving to operating expenses, during the quarter the company performed its annual goodwill impairment review at the operating unit level. As a result of the significant economic downturn and corresponding declining growth rates of the cellular market, as well as nearing the end of our royalty agreement with Verizon, it was determined that the goodwill and some of the tangible assets associated with our mobile platforms operating unit were impaired and thus written-off in the quarter. In addition, the company wrote-off approximately $31 million of the in-process R&D associated with AMD digital TV Acquisition. These two actions totaled $201 million in non-recurring charges for the quarter. Please note that you should not read into the fact that we took these charges, that there has been any change in the strategy or direction for either of these businesses. The following commentary on operating expenses is focused on recurring costs as such excludes these amounts. Once again, we had much better than expected performance in controlling our operating expenses. Total GAAP operating expenses in Q4 were up $11 million from Q3 levels, less than the increase of $15 million we expected at our Analyst Day. Standalone Broadcom operating expense, excluding the digital TV business and its associated amortization, was down $6 million from Q3 levels, due principally to two factors. One, our ongoing efforts to control the growth and headcount and other operating expenses, including a reduction in our bonus accrual of roughly $3 million due to market and performance changes in the quarter; and two, continued favorability and tape out expenses in Q4. However, these benefits were offset in part by unfavorable legal expenses associated with the currently pending options litigation. This expense is likely to continue to grow as we get closer to the trial date. What is encouraging is that our efforts over the last year to manage controllable operating expenses are clearly paying off, net of costs related to recently completed acquisitions and previously offset options litigations cost; we've made excellent progress since the second quarter of 2008. We increased total company headcount in Q4 by 549 to a worldwide headcount of 7,402, excluding the employees added with the digital TV acquisition; Broadcom had only about 20 net ads. Moving to the balance sheet, as I mentioned earlier, total cash and marketable securities were $1.9 billion, as we generated strong positive cash flow from operations of $146 million offset by approximately $565 million in share repurchases and acquisitions in the quarter. As we indicated at Analyst Day, we expected inventories to increase as we adjusted to the lower demand levels mid-quarter meaning that due to normal 8 to 12 lead times from our fabs there was too little time for us to make significant adjustments in the fourth quarter. We said we expect the turns to drop to roughly five times. Based on revenue coming and somewhat better than expected and strong work from our operations team, we were able to do a fair bit better and end the quarter at 6.1 turns. Assuming no further shocks to the industry, we anticipate turns will improve next quarter. Our accounts receivable Day Sales Outstanding was superb at 30 days, which is better than our normal mid-to-high 30s. As we mentioned at Analyst Day, we are active repurchasing shares in the quarter. We acquired roughly 27.4 million shares in the quarter at a cost of $424 million, for an average price of approximately $15.50 a share. Diluted shares outstanding were down another 26 million shares to 498 million diluted shares outstanding at the end of Q4, due to repurchase activity and the anti-dilutive affect of the GAAP loss. Finally, during the quarter the company repatriated $1.5 billion of its offshore cash. Moving to expectations, we currently expect Q1 revenue to decline to roughly $800 million to $875 million, including Verizon royalties, which given their payment to-date should drop to roughly $19 million. This decline should be relatively consistent across our targeted end-markets. Looking at what we expect to happen in Q1, in Broadband Communications we expect sequential revenue decline by decline in demand for broadband modems and set-top boxes, offset in part by growth in digital TV and Blu-ray. In Mobile and Wireless we anticipate a sequential decline, driven by lower consumer demand, reduced Verizon royalties, and normal Q1 seasonality. Our Enterprise Networking business should decline across the board due to normal seasonal weakness in controllers and our switching customers adjusting their demand levels downward due to the current economic downturn. We expect our GAAP gross margin to decline to roughly 49% driven by three principal factors. One, to reduce Verizon royalty revenue, which will have about a 75 basis point negative effect in Q1 versus Q4; two, fixed costs spread over a lower revenue base, which has roughly a 50 basis point impact; and negative product mixed shift of roughly 25 basis points. With respect to GAAP operating expenses in Q1, we have a number of step-up and other factors which impact the number. Please note that we have detailed all of these in the presentation on our website. First, we will have a full quarter of the acquired AMD digital TV business, plus the comparative impact of a non-recurring bonus reversal from Q4, which will add about $9 million. Second, an increased to our fringe expenses to match FICA, etc cetera, timing of approximately $9 million. This is only a timing difference and does not reflect increases for the total year on fringe expenses. Together these items add to approximately $18 million. Beyond that, we hope to offset additional tape-outs/development cost and additional legal fees with the cost savings measures Scott mentioned and the workforce reduction as well as anticipated D&O reimbursement. In addition, we expect stock-based compensation to decline roughly $6 million to $7 million. Net-net we anticipate total recurring operating expenses will grow approximately $9 to $14 million over Q4. Again, keeping in mind that almost all of this increase is either accounting driven timing changes, AMD full quarter impact, or items such as options litigation, which are unrelated to the operation of our business. We anticipate, excluding the full quarter impact of the DTV acquisition, the resumption of the standard bonus pool accrual and fringe items, you will see a decrease in our salary and benefits and stock-based compensation line that we will detail on our presentation on the website. Lastly, with respect to the cost reduction Scott mentioned. The Company expects to take a restructuring charge associated with the reductions in staff. We estimate the restructuring cost to be between $8 million and $10 million over the next three quarters. In closing, I would like to refine our comments on Analyst Day regarding managing the business to cash flow in a downturn. We said that in normal times we are managing to profitable growth and that in this downturn we are focused on expanding share at the expense of our weaker competitors. As we look back to 2008, we clearly grew share in our key target markets, growing more than twice the rate of the relevant sub segments as broken out by WSDS. As we look to 2009, based on recent commentary from a number of our competitors, we believe we are very well positioned to do so again, and are strategically better positioned cash flow wise to accelerate our technology advantage. As we mentioned in the Analyst Day, we are targeting to managing our business to share gain and positive quarterly cash flow from operations in 2009, and have aligned our incentives accordingly. Specifically, we built our plan, including cost saving targets, to target running the business above $75 million positive quarterly cash flow from operations. We believe this will allow us to leverage our cash strength to emerge from the downturn in a much stronger market position than we entered And now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott, to talk about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor: Thanks, Eric. I will start with Broadcom's Enterprise Networking end-market. For 2008, we experienced solid revenue growth, driven mainly by market share gains within the switching space. While Broadcom has long been recognized as the leader within the switching end-market, weve been able to drive additional market share gains by expanding our product offering within two areas; the first is the metro switching space as the Ethernet penetrates deeper into this segment of the operator's network. And secondly, small and medium sized business, where we refreshed our product line, creating lower power solutions with more intelligence. As Eric mentioned, in the fourth quarter the Enterprise Networking end-market experienced a sequential revenue decline, as our customers adjusted their orders and inventory levels due to the economic slowdown, following a very strong first three quarters of 2008. While this revenue decline was across all areas of the Enterprise Networking end-market it was more pronounced in the controller area. We believe that there is more inventory in the PC and server areas of the market versus the switching area. As we look into 2009 and beyond, our investments will focus on driving 10-gigabit Ethernet deeper into servers, switches in the metro space and on entering the imbedded security and point-of-sale markets with the new family of security processor products. We are already seeing 10-gigabit Ethernet designed on to the motherboard for use in Blade servers from Hewlett- Packard, and we expect the 10-gigabit roll out to accelerate as Intel deploys its next generation Tylersburg for a chipset. We expect adoption of our 10-gigabit Ethernet switching to increase as 10-gigabit Ethernet is incorporated more pervasively on servers. From a competitive standpoint, our key differentiators remain our product breadth from five to switch, fabric solutions from metro data center enterprise and small and medium business applications, and our ability to integrate Ethernet technology into a wide variety of products ranging from game platforms, set-top boxes, broadband modems, wireless gateways, TVs, and Blu-ray players, and other products. Moving on to Broadband Communication, all major product lines experienced double-digit revenue growth in 2008, with the consumer in set-top box series experiencing the fastest growth. Broadcom is still a relatively new participant in the consumer space, which includes our digital TV and Blu-ray products. Within the consumer space, we were able to grow our revenue and gain share by leveraging the consumer preference for HD in both TVs and Blu-ray players. In addition our set-top box product demand was driven by a favorable trend in HD and PDR adoption and cable operators preparing for analog spectrum reclamation needed to expand their HD and wideband Internet access offerings. In the fourth quarter, our Broadband Modem and Consumer business were down sequentially tied to the weak economic environment, as our customers try to adjust their inventory levels to match declines in demand, and the seasonal increase for pre-holiday built cycle in Q3 for our Blu-ray business respectively. On the other hand, our set-top box business remained strong, growing over 20% sequentially, driven by the same trends discussed earlier. The two biggest opportunities for Broadcom going forward to drive growth and additional market share gains are; first, the continued expansion of pay-TV and internet access services internationally, mainly in India and Asia, and this includes our set-top boxes and broadband modems. Second, the conversions of communications with consumer electronics to drive ubiquitous Internet and device connectivity in the home to enable operators, studios and content providers to offer additional value-added services, such is the Netflix, instant streaming available on the LG BD-300 Blu-ray player.  The example of our international expansion is the recent announcement by Bharti Airtel which is India's leading integrated service provider. Bharti selected Broadcom's set-top box products for use in its first commercial satellite product launch in India. According to In-Stat India's pay TV market potential is expected to include 90 million subscribers by 2012. We are engaged with other service operators in India and Asia to drive the adoption of broadband access in video services within those regions. For a number of years Broadcom has been on the technological forefront with regard to the convergence of communications with consumer electronics. Those of you who attended CES were able to see, these are not just early adopter gadgets, but these are mainstream products generating real revenue today. Broadcom not only provides products for platforms within the homes, such as TVs, set-top boxes and Blue-ray players, but also the connectivity to enable these devices to communicate together, whether its via Ethernet or MoCA, Bluetooth or Wireless LAN. Other key technologies and partnerships enabled by communications convergence include the integration of Adobe Flash into our TV and set-top box solutions, the integration of MoCA in the set-top boxes and broadband modems, and support for DLNA. We believe DLNA is the key standard, supporting transparent media exchange and control across consumer devices and utilizing Ethernet, MoCA and WiFi. Moving to our mobile and wireless end market, we once again experienced a very strong year of growth, as revenue increased 37%, driven primarily Bluetooth, Wireless LAN and GPS. When looking at our fourth quarter performance versus the third quarter the weakness was primarily from the PC and mobile markets. In the cellular area, our team remains focused on execution. We remain on track in achieving the various customer milestones required to ramp production later this year. We remain excited about what we have to offer in the baseband area in both the 2G and 3G spaces, but more importantly on the entire cellular platform. As our customers began shipping products incorporating our silicon, we look forward to talking more about them. Fortunately, the long overdue cellular baseband consolidation appears to be accelerating. A few of the older competitors in the cellular baseband market are shedding parts of their complete cellular businesses and others are experiencing intense financial pressure. These moves along with the consolidation of many of our European competitors validate our platform strategy, and we believe the economics for the cellular platform suppliers will improve overtime. Our focus right now is on bringing the Nokia Edge and Samsung 3G products to market. In wireless LAN, the weakness that we experienced in the quarter was mainly tied to the PC client side, as we experienced growth in both the imbedded and networking markets. I will talk more about our combo products in a minute, but I think its a good time to take a look back at what Broadcom has been able to accomplish in the wireless LAN market. Most market researchers point out that were the leader in wireless LAN space, having shipped over 350 million cumulative radios. Just to put this into perspective. This is over 75% more than our closest independent wireless LAN competitor. We led the transitions to 802.11g, led the transition to 802.11m, and we are leading the transition to integrating power amplifiers, leading the move down to low power 65-nanometer processes, and leading the wireless combo wave. Based on third party estimates, Broadcoms wireless LAN business alone is larger than our closest independent peer's entire business, including their non wireless LAN products. Being first to market, having skill and a broad portfolio of products are significant long-term competitive advantages, which we believe will become even more important in this economic downturn. In Bluetooth our revenue declined in the fourth quarter mainly due to weaknesses within the cellular handset and PC end-markets. We are clearly number one in the Bluetooth market, having surpassed our closest peer in this market in Q1 2008, and have maintained that position throughout the year based upon their most recent guidance. We have shipped over 1.1 billion cumulative Bluetooth radios to-date. And in 2008 alone we grew our radio shipments by 60% over 2007. Broadcom is leading the migration to lower power 65-nanometer processes and leading in combos with value-added features, such as alternative MAC and PHY, which will enable Bluetooth transmission at up to 24 megabits per second. As we announced last quarter, our plan was to announce three new wireless combo solutions between then and Mobile World Congress. At our last earnings call we announced our next generation 65-nanometer Bluetooth plus FM Receive and Transmit chip that also integrates audio processing capabilities to improve the voice quality, perform stereo decoding and lower system power consumption. The second combo product was our Bluetooth plus FM plus Wireless LAN chip that integrates 802.11m and technologies. The final of the three announcements will be made at Mobile World Congress in February, so please stay tuned. Based upon our current outlook for 2009, we believe that our Wireless combo solutions in total can represent around 10% of Broadcom's total sales. This concludes our prepared remarks and we are now ready for your questions. Operator, may I have the first question.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from James Schneider of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon. Maybe first for Eric, could you talk a little bit about what you expect for the OpEx profile as we move throughout the year? Do you expect the step up to happen in Q1 and then come back down as we move throughout the year, excluding the legal cost, or how should we think about the profile of that? And do you anticipate any other minor trimming to OpEx beyond the one that you just announced?
Eric Brandt: Jim, we are actually seeing positive reactions to a number of the steps weve taken and seeing good signals that we saw in Q3 and Q4. I think the employees are responding well to the things that are variable costs and we should see some benefits going forward. Excluding the legal costs, excluding sort of this fringe benefit issue, as I mentioned in my text, I think you will see the salary and benefits line and some of the other costs begin to drift down over the course of Q1 and into Q2. Beyond that, we don't have much more guidance in terms of the OpEx. I think tape outs will be what tape outs will be, and as I mentioned, I believe, well be able to offset them with some additional cost savings that we are expecting in the quarter.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Okay. One for Scott, could you talk a little bit about, clearly its likely that were going to have a down revenue year across the industry and for you guys too. Can you talk about where you think you can get incremental positive revenue in what product areas is it going to come from share gains and what products?
Scott McGregor: Well, we certainly see the opportunity for share gains. The combo products are really on fire. Were getting those designed into a very broad swath of many areas, and so we continue to see those to ramp up significantly. We think people are going to be pretty excited about this next product were announcing, too. We think that will help us drive share gain there. Bluetooth headsets remain an opportunity for share gain. We had a relatively low market share through 2008. We are now designed into pretty much all of the major players there and they are beginning to ramp and that will continue over the next few quarters. Share gain coming from a low base should help us in that space. In broadband, there is an opportunity with TV over the course of the year, and certainly Blu-Ray. I think customers are very interested in some of these connected TV and connected consumer products. The Netflix instant streaming looks like it's going to be a hit. And I think the follow-on products with those and other customers will be an interesting opportunity there. Of course, I think people will continue to transition from analog to digital, both because of the FCC mandated move to shutdown the analog transmission, but also because a lot of the cable operators are going to seek to reclaim a lot of their analog space and move to more digital channels to compete with satellite guys and some of the IPTV competitors in that space. So, we think those are very positive trends that will give us a good growth in those areas. Then, last but not least, certainly the 10-gigabit space will continue to grow over time, as people start penetrating. I mentioned the couple of examples, the Tylersburg chip rollout, we think it's going to give some impetus to that market and drive increased penetration there.
Peter Andrew: Martin, could we have the next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Randy Abrams of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse: Yes, good afternoon. Could you talk about the impairment in the cellular platform, just what motivated the write-down? You talked about the strategy, it was unchanged, but, just you have a lower view of the expectations for that group?
Eric Brandt: So, Randy every year we do this. We run an impairment analysis across the various groups. And we adjust the view based on the market view of growth rate. In the case of the cellular business, the market growth rate, as you know, over the second half of the year came down. And as those growth rates came down, it changes the view of the internal value and changes the view of the discount rate. In addition, when you look at our other three core businesses of Broadband Communications, Wireless Connectivity, and Enterprise Networking they were substantially above the amount of goodwill carried; and, combined, actually added up to more than the market cap of the company. That is a signal then that you have to look more closely at the remaining business, which is in startup mode. And when you adjust the discount rates for the growth rate of the industry and the terminal values, you come to an impairment calculation, and thats how we did it. It is very specific in terms of how it is done. 
Scott McGregor: And it certainly doesn't reflect Broadcom's commitment to that space nor does it change our view of how that business will develop.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Eric, just following up on the OpEx question, the 200 people headcount, how does that get reflected, is it this quarter or fully in the second quarter? 
Eric Brandt: Actually of the $8 million to $10 million about half of it is cash; the other half of it relates to equity and other things like that, but most of the people impact will occur this quarter. There are some transitions that we need to do, projects from certain groups of people to other groups of people which will drag into the second quarter. Most of it will occur in the first quarter, a little bit will be in the second quarter, and to the extent that we have any lease restructurings, et cetera, thats typically the only thing that will drag into the third quarter out.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then quickly on the inventory side, I guess a two-part question, did I hear you right when you said you could get your internal turns up in the next quarter despite where revenue is going? And then, what is your commentary on end-market inventory, whether it is in the channel or however you want to describe it?
Eric Brandt: Yes. We believe that we will be able to improve our turns in Q1 and are planning to do so. Obviously, it is somewhat revenue dependent, but I do think as we looked across Q4, we were able to align our view of demand in Q4 and rolling into Q1, which allowed us to adjust our order of parts. When you see our 10-K, you will be able to see where that inventory is. In terms of the channel inventory, Ill preface what Im going to say with what we usually say, which is, we are three steps back so how do we know, Right? But I want to make a general comment which is, if you look at most of our customers, they are reporting down high single-digits, mid to high single-digits, and if you look at what most of our peers are reporting, they are reporting down 20% plus. That would indicate that the underlying demand is probably closer to the high single-digits down, but the reason were seeing the significant decline in our space has been channel inventory impact. Our hope is that that will clear itself out over the next quarter. It's hard to say, because we dont have that much visibility, but should that happen, then we will see our business begin to swing to something much more closer to the end-market demand that we are seeing in our customers principally.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: So you think in the second quarter you should be able to shift the consumption?
Eric Brandt: That's our hope. You know, its hard to say, because we don't know how quickly its draining and whether underlying demand will change further, but at least based on the patterns were seeing, that's our hope.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Luke of Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Tim Luke : Thanks so much. I was wondering, Scott, if you could just give us any color on how you perceive the linearity as youve gone through from November-December; and now, any color on how you see in the beginning of January in terms of order patterns? Then Eric, I was wondering if you could give us some color on how you see some of the puts and takes for the gross margin line and the shape of the gross margin as you move through calendar' 09, and particularly with respect to a mix that may favor 65-nanometer? Thank you.
 Barclays Capital: Thanks so much. I was wondering, Scott, if you could just give us any color on how you perceive the linearity as youve gone through from November-December; and now, any color on how you see in the beginning of January in terms of order patterns? Then Eric, I was wondering if you could give us some color on how you see some of the puts and takes for the gross margin line and the shape of the gross margin as you move through calendar' 09, and particularly with respect to a mix that may favor 65-nanometer? Thank you.
Scott McGregor:  Well Tim, we can't really comment much on the linearity other than to say that our revenue for Q4 went down and we are guiding Q1 lower. Obviously, the orders are not coming in as fast as they were in the middle of last year. I think it's relatively similar across all of our industries that we touch, certainly the PC space. We do see a little more impact there than some of the other businesses, mobile also significantly affected, a little less so in switching, a little less so in some of the broadband areas, but again its a little hard, because some of these customers have to wrestle with their own inventory situation. That's how we see it.
Eric Brandt: Tim, with respect to gross margin, obviously Verizon, and it has been a 75 basis point impact and washes its way through. We do have this overhead issue as revenue comes down, and as I mentioned, its about 50 basis points in the current quarter. Actually, if you look across the two quarters from the high watermark of Q3, its actually close to a 100 basis points across the two quarters in terms of its impact to our gross margin. As revenue recovers, assuming that the inventory issue washes its way through and the industry begins to pick back up to more underlying demand and probably accelerates a little bit, because of to balance off the bottom on the inventory. Our hope is that we begin to cover some of that overhead and then you get the benefit there as well. As it relates to mix of products and 65-nanometer, I think over time, as we mentioned earlier in the year, we think we are heading closer and closer to the sweet spot of 65-nanometer and we should benefit from that. Now, obviously, its hard to read the overall mix of the products and whats going to be the ins and outs, but that's what we look at. And hopefully, by the time we get through Q2, I think it will drag into Q2, we will have washed our way through the stepped up AMD inventory that we acquired, which hits us for probably 30 to 40 basis points in Q1. 
Tim Luke : Just as framework, Scott, having been through a few downturns in the past, do you feel this is something that is likely to take sort of two to three quarters or do you feel that you are taking a step down now and then you may see slight ups in the following period? Any color there? 
 Barclays Capital: Just as framework, Scott, having been through a few downturns in the past, do you feel this is something that is likely to take sort of two to three quarters or do you feel that you are taking a step down now and then you may see slight ups in the following period? Any color there? 
Scott McGregor: Well, certainly we are not economists, and so I dont think we are going to try and forecast world GDP here, which certainly affects a lot of our results. Certainly this downturn is more broad-based than 2001, so it is a little hard for us to extrapolate from those. I think, as Eric pointed out, there are a couple of things going on though. Whenever you have a sudden fall off in demand you get an inventory back up, and I think the semiconductor industry, as are many of the other people in the supply chain where we are, are facing is that you are not only burning up inventory, but also dealing with lower demand. The inventory stuff will burn off at some point, and certainly as Eric said, we expect our turns to actually go up this quarter, which shows that we did a good job shutting down our orders back in Q4, and we believe we will make good progress on that. From our inventory point of view, I think we will be in fine shape going forward Q1, Q2. Then the question really becomes, where will our customers be in terms of burning off their inventories, both which they have themselves, and in their channels, such that we can get back to the, I will call it, the new normal demand, and back to probably where we were in the middle of last year, but certainly should be more than the combined inventory burn off and lower demand we are seeing right now.
Tim Luke : Thanks so much.
 Barclays Capital: Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Adam Benjamin of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies: Thanks, guys. First question just on the combo market, you guys are doing quite well there and positioned compared to your competitors, one thing as you look out going forward, you've had a bunch of single product lines, Bluetooth and WiFi that are now coming together as well as GPS. I wonder how you think about that going forward and when you ramp the combo how that nets against to those single line of products going forward, and what we should expect in terms of what the net add there for you?
Scott McGregor: We think combo products are definitely here to stay, and that the trend is going to increasing conversions of functionalities. So that's a real advantage for Broadcom, because unlike pretty much any of our competitors, we have all the pieces of the puzzles, and so, as we produce these combined solutions for our customers, then we will definitely pull those together. I think the question you are trying to get at is, to what extent do the combo products cannibalize some of our single product lines? We don't see that much, because let me give you an example with our 4325 products, which combines wireless LAN, Bluetooth and FM, we see that as more an increase in the penetration of wireless LAN into products that didn't have wireless LAN previously. So in other words, we are getting a higher ASP penetration into to the same kind of product as a result of that. Likewise, when we did Bluetooth plus FM, the addition of the FM allowed us to offset price erosion or even increase ASPs in that space. So we see it as a positive contributor. It drives the average price of some of these functions down for people. For example, in the cellular space the cost of adding wireless LAN was slowing the penetration down, they only put it in the high-end smart phones, because of the 4325 driving the overall affordability of wireless LAN, we are seeing much higher take up of wireless LAN, such that it drives it down not just from the top-end phones, but in the high end feature phones as well, greatly increasing the overall demand. So, net, we see the combo products being a positive trend in our revenues.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies: Got you. I'm sorry if I am being redundant here. I got dropped off the call. With respect to inventories that you were talking about, Scott, imbedded in your guidance of the 800 to 875, how much of that is an imbalance of work down of inventory versus true consumption in the market? Then secondly, based on the guidance, what is the turns rate that you need to meet at the mid-point of the guidance versus prior quarters?
Scott McGregor: We don't know what the inventory burn down in our customers is. We don't have that visibility, so our guidance is independent of knowing what that is.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies: I'm just looking for you to take a stab at it.
Scott McGregor: I don't have a clue. And then, let us see, your second question was?
Eric Brandt: On the turns, no different than what we have seen before, in fact in light of the limited visibility, we are still doing what we've said before, which is 80% to 90% of the bulk coming into the quarter. We are not changing our view on turns. In fact, if anything we might have been a little bit more conservative in our view of turns, just because of the concern that our customers may push things out towards the end of the quarter.  Our guidance reflects I think, perhaps, a touch more conservatism than we have had in the past, because as you'll recall, we beat this quarter and you might say, well, gee, you are in December, why did you do that? We didn't want to be one of those companies that revise guidance more than once.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shawn Webster of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Shawn Webster - JPMorgan: For the revenue upsize relative to your revised expectations in Q4, where did that come from?
Eric Brandt: Shawn, as I mentioned, we were trying to be conservative. As you may recall things were a little bit hairy sort of rolling into December and certainly in November, and so, when we revised guidance we wanted to make sure that we were not revising twice. We tried to be conservative in our view and anticipate additional push outs which could occur at the end of the year. Unfortunately for us, they didn't come in, and we did better than we had anticipated. Specifically, in individual businesses, I don't think its material to the results. I think you can see the results where the Mobile and Wireless Group and the Enterprise Networking Group were down roughly the same amount and Broadband was down a fair bit less. So beyond that, it was really just sort of us being conservative in our view of revenue. Perhaps, to Adam's question a little more conservative than our view of turns.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton of Needham and Company. Please go ahead. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: I was just wondering, some of the other semiconductor companies that have reported to-date have mentioned that they have seen some uptick in orders in January, wondering if you could make any comments about whether on a qualitative basis you have seen any improvement? I know it's only a few weeks here, but just curious. Then second, coming on to set-top box, I think you had commented, it was up 20% sequentially in the fourth quarter, but then expected to be down in Q1. Is that just lumpy nature of the business or do you see some inventory, or is there something else going on in set-tops? Just looking for a little color on that segment?
Scott McGregor: Certainly the set-top business does have some variability to it, but I think, it reflected against the increasing penetration of broadband, the move from analog to digital. One of the things I think particularly drove it is, people really liked this HD capability and they like getting the PDR capability on set-top boxes and that certainly drives that growth there. So, we just see that as continued adoption of a lot of products and then the Q1 decline more of a moving down as a result of just overall economic issues.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Dryden of Charter Equity. Please go ahead.
John Dryden - Charter Equity: Thanks for taking my question. Scott, now that Verizon royalty is coming to an end, can you discuss new business opportunities at this customer, which is one of the benefits of the royalty discussions back in late 2007?
Scott McGregor: Well, I can't discuss, obviously, all the things we are working on with Verizon, that's private information for them, but for example, we cooperate very well on the FiOS rollout that they are doing. Broadcom participates in that. We generally had a great relationship with Verizon since we put that deal together. It has enabled us to have a lot of good conversations between their product planners and strategists and their CTO organization and our product team. So we are absolutely working together to do a variety of things to broaden our set-top box cooperation and to look for cooperation in the mobile area and other places areas as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra of Robert Baird. Please go ahead.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Good afternoon. Given the excess inventories, do you see any deterioration in ASP trend over the next few quarters and what's your sense is about how this could impact gross margin potentially?
Scott McGregor:  You mean of our inventory or channel inventory?
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Well, actually component inventory, so it could be people trying to unload inventories and putting pricing pressures outside of your own inventories?
Eric Brandt: Not really for us. Again, we try to be conservative in what we do and hopefully by now people have sort of picked that up, generally speaking, in terms of the way we think about our business. We have been talking about for a year, about making sure that we ship to underlying demand. So to the extent that people are playing games at the end of the quarter in terms of inventory and trying to flush through things at cheap prices, short of excess inventory we have, which, not very much we would do that with, we don't really play that game. If they want to push out and it's true underlying demand, we let them do it. And thats sort of the way we run our business, we try to run our business to natural demand. So, I think were pretty good at sort of not playing that game in terms of driving the gross margin down to chase that sort of stuff.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wong of Wachovia. Please go ahead.
David Wong - Wachovia: Thanks very much. Can you tell us what your top priority for your R&D dollars spend will be in the current environment?
Scott McGregor: Well, certainly we are looking for opportunities for revenue projects that are going to happen in 2009. That's certainly a priority and in fact, in some areas such as our combo chips, our primary limitation on how much revenue we get and how many design wins we get is more limited on how many customers we can support, rather than underlying demand. Thats incredibly popular series of products right now. We have more design wins that are being offered to us than we can support. So thats a very nice situation to be in, and obviously, thats an area where you want to maintain your R&D emphasis to help those customers get those products designed in. Certainly, the 10-gigabit space in our Enterprise Networking area and next generation 10-gigabit controllers are important for us to go take share in those markets. Just broadband overall, there are some very exciting stuff going on there. It is the whole notion of connected living room. All of that is something lots of companies are talking about, but we are deploying products in that today and a lot of customers who want to actually ship products rather than talk about them are working with Broadcom chips. So those are all high priorities. Then, of course, I dont want to leave off the cellular area. We are making great strides with our partners Samsung and Nokia. And as we said, we are on track for rolling products out with both of those companies this year and important to stay on track with that.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Uche Orji of UBS. Please go ahead.
Uche Orji - UBS: Just a couple of things, first is, of the $1.5 billion of repatriation, any idea how that would be used? Then secondly, can you talk about what the expectations are as the new government starts to talk about spending on broadband infrastructure. Is there any expectation on your side as to how you are positioned to profit from that?
Eric Brandt: So, Uche just on the $1.5 billion, I think that we were in a fortunate situation as a company that the economic market became uncertain. I think people are worried about where the money is and where the banks are, et cetera. Carrying close to $5 billion of NOL has enabled us to repatriate the money at minimal cost, cash cost to the company. We took the opportunity to bring the money back, because to protect the company, protect the company's cash position and be prepared for what is probably going to be a bumpy 2009 for everybody in the industry. As far as using that cash, as we have discussed in the past, I think we look for opportunities to enhance our competitive position with companies to use our cash, to take advantage of low valuations should there be opportunities to buy a company. And we do have an ongoing share repurchase program which we could use the money for as well. But it really was a unique opportunity for Broadcom, given our tax position and where we had our money, to really put more security around the company and make sure that we had our cash where we needed it most in the US.
Scott McGregor: Turning to your question on broadband infrastructure, it certainly has been an announced priority by the current administration in the United States to increase broadband infrastructure. We have also seen that in other countries as well, they all view that as a way that they can spend money and improve their population access to the internet economy and whatnot. And that plays actually fairly well for Broadcom. So the good news is that pretty much any box that they deploy, to enhance the broadband infrastructure is going to have Broadcom chips in it. So that's good for us. I would say the problem of those is we don't have real good visibility on exactly what some of these programs mean yet. So we think, they are all well intentioned and to the extent, they do result in deploying broadband infrastructure, Broadcom will certainly be one of the beneficiaries of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Sumit Dhanda - Merrill Lynch: Yes, hi guys. Scott, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you thought that the combo chips could be as much as 10% of revenue this year? You know, with the rough math, at least my back of the envelope, suggests something close to maybe 10% penetration of the top OEMs just to get to that numbers. Is that right, is that too high a number? Really what gives you the visibility? Is it just the pace of design wins that you are seeing even in an uncertain environment?
Scott McGregor: I'm not sure I can figure out your penetration number, but, certainly we have seen broad wins there. I think, we have won the majority of the top 10 cellular platforms with our combo chips now. We have certainly seen penetration into a variety of other kinds of devices, other portable devices, things like games and some computing devices. We are seeing very good penetration with those products. Again, they just really solve a nice solution. They really give the customer the ability to put a single product into their product that pre-integrates all the radios. It solves all the coexistence problems. And what I like to call the one butt to kick principal, meaning, when they design these products, and if they have multiple radios from multiple suppliers, invariably you are going to have issues. And rather than dealing with finger pointing across different suppliers, you put this card in, and there is one supplier that will make it all work for you and they appreciate that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Amir of Lazard Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Daniel Amir - Lazard Capital Markets:  Thanks a lot. Related to your broadband consumer markets, I guess, you commented that the DTV, business and Blu-ray should be better here in the first quarter. Can you comment what's exactly going on there in terms of seasonal? Also what's your visibility about some of the different end markets right now in terms of the demand drivers in your business?
Scott McGregor: On visibility, certainly visibility is lower than what it would be in typical years, so, that does color things a little bit, but, specifically your questions about things like DTV and Blu-ray, generally, those products seasonally peak around Q3. Some products would seasonally peak around Q4, but the heavier they are the more likely they go by truck or rail or boat, rather than by airplane, and so, they have to be built early in the year to hit the holiday shipments. Generally you see peaks around Q3. Q4 generally tends to be a fall-off, and certainly with some demand going down, there are some inventory issues there as well. Then we see that beginning to pick up a little bit over the course of this year, both for natural or seasonal characteristics in the industry. Also, we've got some really great product offerings. We've introduced a number of new products in this space, and we've won some designs there. We are ramping with new customers. A good example of that if you were at CES and you saw the new VIZIO connected TV platform, a great example of really great products and really leveraging the capabilities of the products that we offer.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rubin Roy of Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rubin Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi, thanks. Scott, just to just finish off on that connected TV comment. Is the content in those TVs different from traditional TVs, i.e. do you have more silicon power content in connected TVs like the VIZIO? 
Scott McGregor: We have some. We certainly see some benefit, because we've added things like Internet, Ethernet capability into those boxes, and also some stronger video capability. We've upgraded some of the CPUs a little bit. We believe that you need I will say 300 or 400 megahertz in single and dual core CPUs to do capability like that. There is one competitor who is making a lot of noise about how you have these very high powered expensive chips in there. We can't quite understand that, because we think you can do all of this stuff, like Adobe Flash, all of this widgets and other things on very economically priced solutions, and so, a little surprised by that. We do see some improvement in our ASPs in the Internet connected TVs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Berger of FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Craig Berger : Hey guys, thanks for squeezing me. Can you just help us understand without getting into too much specifics, how big is your cellular business right now and based on what you see with design wins and platform visibility what that might be able to grow to exiting the year?
 FBR Capital Markets: Hey guys, thanks for squeezing me. Can you just help us understand without getting into too much specifics, how big is your cellular business right now and based on what you see with design wins and platform visibility what that might be able to grow to exiting the year?
Scott McGregor: Well, we used to forecast that kind of stuff. And we sort of got burned doing that. So, Im going to decline to state that. Well certainly talk about the business more as some of these major products begin to rollout. As we rollout with Nokia, for example we will give a little more color on that business. 
Craig Berger : Can you tell us how big it is right now?
 FBR Capital Markets: Can you tell us how big it is right now?
Scott McGregor: No, we have a low single-digit market share in the market right now, so its not particularly large. Although, the number of phones we have is growing. We are shipping more 3G phones with Samsung and expect more to rollout. And then, as certainly some of the other designs we are working on, and as Nokia begins to rollout, we would expect that to move up significantly.
Operator: And our next question comes from Aalok Shah of D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Aalok Shah : Hey, Eric, two questions for you. I saw you repatriated about a $1.5 billion, how much more cash is left overseas and is there any tax consequence associated with that?
 D.A. Davidson: Hey, Eric, two questions for you. I saw you repatriated about a $1.5 billion, how much more cash is left overseas and is there any tax consequence associated with that?
Eric Brandt: We repatriated most of the cash, so there is a couple of $100 million left overseas. The principle tax consequences is the burning of NOL, so it burns about $1.5 billion worth of NOL, a little less than that actually. Then the cash tax implications on that are minimal, and thats the result of having the NOLs and being able to bring the cash back at limited cash tax. Was there a second part of your question?
Aalok Shah : You said you consider to ship to Nokia in 2009, is that still on track?
 D.A. Davidson: You said you consider to ship to Nokia in 2009, is that still on track?
Scott McGregor: We have said that we would rollout with Nokia in 2009 and yes, thats on track.
Aalok Shah : Okay. Great. Thank you.
 D.A. Davidson & Co: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Morris of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Dan Morris - Oppenheimer:  Yes, just quick question on the AMD DTV acquisition. Can you just give us an update on the accretion target for that acquisition and how much of it would be dilutive in Q1?
Eric Brandt: What we said was that our goal was to have it to be EPS neutral by the end of next year or end of this year, kind of 2009. I just keep forgetting were in 2009. And then if you look at the numbers weve given you in terms of the impact of that business you can see that that business runs in the vicinity of I dont know, we said that we would were up 11 which meant our core business was down six. So you have got 15 for two months. So, you consider, figure out youre close to $20 million run rate on that business in terms of on a quarterly basis. That gives you a picture on the expense side. We haven't broken out the revenue in terms of what we thought it was going to be. We said that we shipped, I believe, between $5 million and $6 million in the one month we had the business. Obviously, that was a bit of a slowdown month, assuming that the two months we had the business, but that gives you sort of a picture of where it is and then you would have to net out the step up affect.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Smigie of Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Steve Smigie - Raymond James:  Great. Thanks. Quick question, you mentioned the integration of the power amplifiers. My understanding was a year or so ago there was some technical struggles with getting everything to work perfectly on that, I was just curious, if you could talk about your confidence and how that's working now and also what sort of customer interest you have seen in that? Thanks. 
Scott McGregor: When we first showed the product we actually didn't tell people there were power amplifiers integrated in the product. So we kept that stealthy, because we wanted to run long-term studies and make sure it was all stable and so forth. But that all turned out quite well. And so in our wireless LAN and wireless LAN combo products we do include the power amplifiers. So that's all working great and our customers use it. It saves them separate discrete parts on the board, pre-integrates it, and generally is a very good solution. We don't see our competitors doing that generally.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suji De Silva of Kaufman Brothers.
Suji De Silva - Kaufman Brothers: Hi, guys two quick questions. First of all, you talked about the combo products being 10% by year-end, what going to be the shape of that ramp up will be, it will be back end loaded? And the second question is on the handset side cellular is your R&D spend there stable or do you continue to increase that? Thanks.
Scott McGregor: The R&D spend on cellular is stable right now and we believe we have the team we need to ramp the products with our key customers, and so, we expect that to stay stable roughly over the course of the year. Certainly as we were to bring on new customers or substantially new programs with existing customers, we might have to ramp for some support, but generally we'll hold that resource steady until we start seeing some return from the investment. In terms of the ramp of the combo products I will give you one example we expect over the course of this year to ship more combo products on FM and Bluetooth than Bluetooth stand alone. So that's already crossing over. Then in the 4325 space wireless LAN, that will take a little while, but that will ramp significantly over the course of the year.
Operator: And our last question from Betsy Van Hees of Caris & Company. Please go ahead.
Betsy Van Hees - Caris & Company: Thanks for fitting me in. You mentioned in the past, at your Analyst Day and then at some conferences, about taking opportunities with your cash and making some strategic acquisitions. I was wondering, if you can give us a little bit of color around that, if you still have plans to do that this year? Thanks.
Eric Brandt: We are always looking for additional technology to expand our business, to expand the technology, to expand our market share. I don't think the criteria we've used has changed. I think we are very interested in buying a business which brings a Broadcom type of team, which brings great technology, et cetera. I think what's unique now is that, those opportunities may, in fact, be somewhat more accretive than they have been in the past because of the value on cash. So to give you a sense, I mean a year ago in Q4, we generated interest income probably 4X of what we are generating now. Now, we do have about 20% less cash than we had then, but fundamentally, its not generating that much interest. So, what we really should be thinking about are ways to expand our business using our cash, in ways that are both accretive to the technology, to revenue and the bottom-line of the business and so I don't think what we do is different but I do think that the opportunities that are in front of us, maybe different. And I think having the cash here in the US increases our flexibility to do things quickly if we want to.
Scott McGregor: Thank you, Eric. I would like to thank everyone for joining us on the call this afternoon. And before we finally conclude, I would like to reiterate a couple of points. One is that, 2008 was a very strong year from a revenue and market share perspective. We reached new record revenue levels for the year and we dramatically out grew the semiconductor market. We more than doubled the EPS, excluding the one time charges, and generated about $920 million in cash flow from operations. As we look into 2009, the economy is certainly having a negative impact on our results and we are reacting to that changing environment by shifting our focus from profitable growth to protecting cash flow, while we invest in the product areas we think are going to gain share. We believe we are well positioned in this economic downturn, with really great integrated products, and a scalable business model. As a result, we see this economy slowdown as a longer term opportunity to emerge in an even stronger position at the end of this down cycle. With that, thank you and good afternoon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-22 16:45:00) =====
Executives:  Scott A. McGregor  President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Eric K. Brandt  Principal Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Peter Andrew  Vice President Corporate Communications
Analysts: James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Uche Orji - UBS Craig Ellis  Citigroup Shawn Webster  JP Morgan Adam Benjamin  Jeffries & Co. [Srini Pajuri  Merrill Lynch] Randy Abrams  Credit Suisse Gary Mobley  Piper Jaffray Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Securities Tim Luke  Barclays Capital David Wu  Global Crown Capital Daniel Berenbaum  Cowen and Company Craig Berger  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets Ruben Roy  Pacific Crest Securities Quinn Bolton  Needham & Company John Dryden  Charter Equity Research [Mark McCatchney  Amtech] Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Aalok Shah  D.A. Davidson & Co. Analyst for Kevin Cassidy  Thomas Weisel Partners Suji De Silva  Kaufman Bros Steven Smigie  Raymond James
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom third quarter and year 2008 earnings conference call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question and answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Tuesday, October 21, 2008.  Your speakers for today are Scott McGregor, Broadcoms President and Chief Executive Officer, Eric Brandt, Broadcoms Chief Financial Officer and Peter Andrew, Vice President of Corporation Communications. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew.
Peter Andrew: During this call we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue, gross margin and operating expense targets for the fourth quarter of 2008 and any other future period, as well as statements about the prospect for our various businesses, potential market share and the development status and planned availability of new products.  You should note that the guidance we provide today is based upon forecasts that require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions using the information that is available to us at this time. It should be clearly understood that our actual performance and financial results may differ substantially from our forecast and the other forward-looking statements we make today.  Specific factors that may affect our business and future results including among other things, general economic conditions in the market we address are discussed in the risk factor section of our annual report on Form 10K for 2007 and subsequent SEC filings. A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of todays earnings press release.  As always we take no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement except as required by law. Please refer to the investor section of our website at www.Broadcom.com for additional historical financial and statistical information including the information required by SEC Regulation G. Now before I turn the call over to Scott, I wanted to make two very quick announcements. Number one, I wanted to alert everyone to a few changes that we are making to our release today and in the future, to provide a bit more transparency into our business as well as a bit more clarity in communicating our results. First we have included our guidance in the press release, and secondly we have added a brief financial presentation on our website to help increase the transparency and clarity of certain items on Broadcoms income states. Specifically, we have included additional data on our gross margins and a breakout of operating expenses in a number of different categories such as salaries and benefits, stock-based compensation, development and design costs and legal and other external fees among other items.  This presentation can be found in the investors section of our website, on the right hand side, under Q3 2008 earnings information, titled other financial and statistical information. Secondly just as a reminder, we will be hosting our 2008 analysts day on December 8th here in Irvine. The invitations have been sent out, and if you did not get one or you need any additional information, please give either Andy or I a call. With that now let me turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. McGregor: Thanks for joining us today. The third quarter was a superb quarter for Broadcom. We achieved record revenue and cash flow from operations. We demonstrated our ability to keep a tight rein on operating expenses while continuing to make strategic investments in R&D to drive future business, all in keeping with our theme of profitable growth.  The investments we made in 2006 and 2007 are bearing fruit today as our Q3 revenue grew 37% year-over-year, dramatically faster than most of our competition and the semiconductor industry in general. Total operating expenses grew only 8% year-over-year versus our 37% growth in revenue, helping to drive our GAAP operating margin to a level not seen in a number of years and back above our historical range on a comparable basis excluding stock-based compensation expenses. We grew the top line, and even more importantly, we grew our bottom line faster than our top line. Eric will talk about these accomplishments in more detail later.  While we continue to believe that we are a product driven company, as you can see in our Q4 guidance we are not entirely immune from the current issues present in the economy. Because of that we started taking steps last quarter to control our costs. We have limited our headcount additions in most areas to replacements of departing employees, and we have begun a variety of other cost saving measures.  A few areas where we are increasing our investments show the greatest ROI from design wins already in hand. Our Q3 results show that we have the ability to slow down the rate of growth in spending and deliver leverage to the bottom line. Our management philosophy in these economic times is as follows. First and most importantly, we remain committed to profitable growth.  We will strive to grow both the top and bottom lines. Although it will be tough in the near term with revenue expected to decline in Q4, we will restrain our operating expense growth. To that end our hiring and other expense controls will remain in place until we are more comfortable with the business environment. We will not cut our tape-out spending though, as tape-outs enable new competitive products and cost reduction. Second, we have a very strong financial position, and so well continue to make strategic R&D investments and acquisitions and we will buy back additional shares of our stock to create shareholder value. Finally, we are a product-driven company, and so we will continue to focus our efforts on delivering new, highly differentiated products that enable our customers to differentiate themselves in the market.  We moved the 65 nanometer process node more quickly than most of our competitors which combined with our expertise in technology integration and our broad product line creates an excellent opportunity for us to put further distance between us and our competitors. We expect to emerge in an even stronger position at the other end of this down cycle. With that, let me turn the call over to Eric.
Eric K. Brandt: As Peter mentioned, please refer to the new data breakout on the investors section of our website for additional financial information that will supplement my financial commentary. This new data includes detailed breakouts of employee salaries and benefits, stock-based compensation, engineering/prototyping and mass costs, and external professional fees incorporated in our R&D and SG&A expenses. We have provided this information to increase transparency and to provide a baseline for financial models. Moving to the financial overview, we are pleased with our Q3 results. To summarize record revenue of just under $1.3 billion including $38 million in royalty revenue from Verizon was up approximately 37% from a year ago and is at the upper end of the range provided in our Q2 earnings goal. Year-to-date revenue is up almost 30% over last year. GAAP gross margin including Verizon was 52.3%, down about 150 basis points from last quarter. Verizon royalties represented 140 basis points positive effect to the gross margin. Total GAAP operating expense of $522 million declined slightly by $1 million over Q2. I will talk more about this in a minute. Year-to-date operating expenses are up only 12% over last year which is significantly less than our revenue growth over the same period of nearly 30%, clearly providing leverage to the operating margin line.  GAAP earnings per share for Q3 were $0.31 just shy of a record. Broadcom experienced EPS growth in excess of 500% over Q3 of the prior year. Stock-based compensation expense in the quarter was $133 million or roughly 10.3 points of revenue. This represents an overall reduction of roughly 4.5 points year-over-year. More details of the exact breakouts can be found in our new slides on the website. Cash flow from operations was a record $286 million. Our cash and marketable securities increased to a balance of $2.29 billion at the end of the quarter. Revenue and gross margin, in July, we said we expected Q3 revenue could be approximately $1.25 billion to $1.3 billion assuming roughly $35 million in Verizon royalty. We said we expected modest growth within our broadband end market and solid growth in both our enterprise networking and mobile and wireless targeted end markets.  What occurred in Q3 was overall revenue growth consistent with the guidance provided. With respect the broadband communication market, as anticipated, we saw a modest increase in revenue driven by growth in digital TV and blu-ray offset by modest declines sequentially in our broadband modem and set-top box business.  In the mobile and wireless market we experienced strong growth across all of our major segments driven by particularly strong performance in Bluetooth, touch-screen controllers, GPS and wireless LAN product lines. Our enterprise networking target market also grew sequentially during Q3 principally driven by continued solid growth in switching. Revenue distribution for Q3 was as follows. Broadband communications was 35% of revenue. Mobile and wireless which includes the Verizon royalty was 38%, and enterprise networking accounted for 27% of revenue. Our GAAP gross margin decreased 150 basis points to 52.3% which as we forecasted, is more consistent with our long term operating model. Recall, this is an adjustment from the unusually strong resulting Q2 which came as a result of: one, favorable product mix; two, increased demand for higher margin older products; and three, strong cost controls. Moving to operating expenses, we had much better than expected performance in controlling our operating expenses in the third quarter. Total GAAP operating expenses for Q3 were down $1 million from Q2 levels. Excluding stock-based compensation costs the sequential decline was approximately $7 million.  This was substantially lower than our guidance of $15 million to $20 million increase provided in July due to principally two factors. One, a shift in timing of legal and tape-out expenses from Q3 into Q4 which we estimated totaled approximately $7 million to $8 million some of which is visible in the additional schedules provided on our website. Two, our ongoing efforts to control the growth of headcounts and other operating expenses. What is encouraging is that our efforts over the last 12 months to control operating expenses are clearly paying off. In addition, should the current economic situation slow down further we believe we are already a few steps ahead of the competition and feel we have much better tools and processes in place to make additional changes, should they be necessary. Q3 R&D expense totaled $379 million and represented 29.2% of sales a decrease of approximately 240 basis points. R&D included $93 million or roughly 7.2 points of stock-based compensation. Excluding stock-based compensation this represents a return to our historically targeted range for R&D spending. We have not been within our range of targeted R&D ratio to sales for eight quarters.  Due to strong expense control combined with better than anticipated revenue performance year-to-date, we are continuing to see solid leverage in the R&D line. We increased totally company headcount in Q3 by 167 people to a worldwide total of 6,853 people.  Moving to the balance sheet, as I mentioned earlier total cash and marketable securities were up solidly at $2.29 billion as we generated very strong positive cash flow from operations of $286 million. As we suggested last quarter we needed to increase our inventory levels in Q3 to support record demand and shorter lead times coming out of Q2 creating inventory turns well above our targeting range which we have historically estimated is in the 7 to 8 range.  As a result of actions taken, GAAP inventory turns dropped to 7.7 times in Q3. We anticipate returning to a level closer to the more recent run rate of eight times next quarter. Our accounts receivable days outstanding remain very solid at 35 days driven by good linearity in the quarter. As we mentioned on our last call early this quarter we completed a $1 billion share repurchase program announced last November. In August, the board approved a new $1 billion share repurchase program. In the third quarter we did not purchase any shares on this authorization due to the timing of the authorization and proximity of the pending AMD DTV transaction to the end of the quarter. You should expect us to be back in the market in the fourth quarter with respect to our share buyback program. On a GAAP basis, diluted shares outstanding were down another 6 million shares to 524 million diluted shares outstanding at the end of Q3 due mainly to the movement in the share price. Moving to expectations, we currently expect Q4 revenue to decline 5% to 10% which equates to roughly $1.17 billion to $1.235 billion including Verizon royalties but excluding the digital TV acquisition.  In looking at what we expect to happen in Q4, in broadband communications, we expect sequential revenue growth driven by growth in the set-top box market. In mobile and wireless we anticipate a modest sequential decline driven mostly by the trend that some of our large customers have peak seasonal holiday orders in Q3 of this year. Our enterprise networking business should decline across the board as spending moderates seasonally from our customers customers slowing their enterprise spending in the current economic environment.  We expect our GAAP gross margin to decline approximately 50 to 75 basis points, principally driven by product mix. With respect to GAAP operating expenses in Q4 we anticipate the total operating expenses will grow approximately $12 million to $17 million over Q3. This includes the previously mentioned timing delay of approximately $7 million to $8 million in spending from Q3 to Q4 in the areas of legal fees and tape-out costs. We expect total stock-based compensation to be around $130 million depending upon various factors such as the closing of the AMD transaction, our stock prices, etc. which are not included in this estimate. Cash flow from operations is expected to remain strong. Again, please note these estimates do not include the AMD transaction. And now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to discuss the state of the business.
Scott A. McGregor: I would like to talk about the state of our business starting with our broadband communications end market. If you go back to the beginnings of Broadcom in 1991 we initially focused on providing component solutions for cable modems and cable set-top boxes. Since that time we have grown our broadband communication revenue to nearly a $2 billion per year business.  Our broadband communication business continues to be very well positioned to benefit from three large and long-term growth opportunities providing silicon solutions that enable voice, video and data delivery to and throughout the digital home. The first of these is the service provider battle for household market share. Right now there is a fierce battle underway among the cable, satellite and telco operators to deliver increased HD content along with bundled services to the consumer.  Service providers have been upgrading their networks and consumer premises equipment to provide additional HD channels, greater Internet speeds and voice services to capture a greater market share and increase their revenue per household. As a result, many Broadcom product lines benefit from these positive trends in the service provider space. Second is the transition from analog to digital television. In February 2009, the FCC is scheduled to turn off terrestrial analog TV signals. Along with the existing digital tuner mandate requiring TVs to include a digital tuner this has generated strong demand for our digital TV converter box and set-top box solutions.  Third, an additional benefit from the transition to digital broadcasting, is the increased demand for home technologies to distribute digital media and information throughout the home with portable devices using Ethernet, wireless LAN, Bluetooth and MoCA. None of our competitors have the networking product breadth to address all of these opportunities like we do. So, as Eric mentioned earlier, third quarter broadband revenue met our expectations as seasonal strength in digital TV and blu-ray was offset somewhat by decreases in our broadband modem and set-top box business. While down a sequential basis the set-top box and broadband modem businesses each experience very strong year-over-year growth rates. Sales of our blu-ray SOCs were seasonally strong in the third quarter as our customers were getting ready for the holiday season. A quick scan of some major retail websites found blu-ray prices points as low as $229. Our next generation blu-ray SOCs which combine both the front and back-end functionality into a single chip should further lower the cost from manufacturers to help drive demand elasticity.  Although improved picture quality is a key differentiator with blu-ray we are starting to see communication technologies being integrated into blu-ray players to enable additional services. Announced just yesterday was the worlds first networked blu-ray disc player featuring Netflix instant streaming. The LG BD300 player incorporates our blu-ray system solution with integrated Ethernet networking capabilities. This is just another example of how important networking capabilities are to enable differentiated solutions in the consumer marketplace.  We are also seeing interest in incorporating other Broadcom connectivity technologies, such as wireless LAN, Bluetooth and MoCA into set-top boxes, digital TVs and other devices. Our digital TV product line also experienced a strong third quarter, and we made two significant announcements in the quarter. First, we rolled our next generation family of digital TV SOCs that feature 3-D graphics, intake four support, integrated Ethernet networking, and an expanded footprint into Europe and Asia by incorporating an integrated DVB-T terrestrial receiver.  Second, we announced our intention to acquire the AMD digital TV business to expand our product line and customer base within the digital TV market. Broadband opportunities in 2009 and beyond include the following. The ramp of next generation broadband modems, such as VDSL2 and DOCSIS and these are expected to roll out in greater volumes enabling 100 megabit Internet access and IP TV services.  Also MoCA due to an increased operator interest in incorporating MoCA technologies into a number of different devices, weve expanded our efforts to capitalize on our investments in this area. Broadcom plans to integrate MoCA capabilities into our broadband modem home router and set-top box solutions. Another is Microsoft Certified set-top boxes. We are continuing to make excellent progress on our MS TV development between Broadcom, Microsoft and our set-top customers. As these products go to production, well talk more about them. As we look into the fourth quarter, were expecting a pickup in our set-top box business driven mainly by demand for our cable set-top box products as cable MSOs begin analog reclamation activities to pave the way for a greater number of HD and DOCSIS channels. Moving on to the enterprise networking end market, Broadcom experienced solid revenue growth in the third quarter achieving record revenues driven by increased demand in switching. Switching revenue in total was up about 10% sequentially driven by increased demand at all speed grades from 100 megabits per second to 10 gigabits per second. Looking at the Top 10 customers within the enterprise networking market, the sequential revenue growth was across all geographies and across all end market segments from service provider, enterprise and small or medium business. Looking into 2009 and beyond were making strategic R&D investments in the switching and controller markets to drive greater adoption of 10 gig Ethernet deeper into the enterprise data center in metro. Were expanding our products in carrier Ethernet and metro and adding other services such as storage and virtualization. We will also talk more about our efforts in the security space at our upcoming Analyst Day, so please stay tuned. For the fourth quarter, as Eric mentioned, we believe that our revenue coming from the networking market w ill decline on a sequential basis as spending tends to moderate seasonally and weve seen our customers within the server and switching markets slowing their overall bookings. We continue to believe that the market for enterprise networking will have long-term growth opportunities in the area of wireless and wire line service providers, data centers, SMB and enterprise. Moving to our mobile and wireless businesses, we experienced dramatic growth in the quarter growing revenue nearly 20% on a sequential basis and nearly 60% year-over-year. This growth in the third quarter was primarily driven by seasonal strength in our Blue-Tooth, wireless LAN and touch screen controller products. In the cellular area our team remains focused on execution. We are on track in hitting the various customer milestones on the path to production. We remain excited about what we have to offer in the baseband area in both the 2G and 3G spaces but more importantly on the entire cellular platform. As our customers begin shipping products incorporating our silicon, we look forward to talking more about them. We believe that the long overdue consolidation going on in the baseband industry both validates our platform strategy and will improve the longer term economics for platform suppliers. In wireless LAN and Blue-Tooth, two areas where Broadcom has clearly established a leadership position, its frankly becoming more difficult for us to comment on these businesses separately as were seeing very strong demand for our combination parts that include multiple wireless technologies. Broadcom led this wireless communications conversions trend with our Blue-Tooth plus FM part which first started to ship in early 2007 and continues to generate strong revenue growth for Broadcom. We are increasing the competitive distance between ourselves and others with triple play parts that combine best-in-class Blue-Tooth, wireless LAN and FM. Products incorporating our combo devices are available on store shelves today from leading portable media players and Tier 1 cellular handset makers, and youll see many more devices over time. Weve shipped nearly 7 million units of the triple play part to date. Interest in these combo solutions is incredibly strong. Were working with four of the top five cellular handset makers on our various combo solutions right now. To continue this momentum our plan is to announce three new combo solutions over the next four months starting with a part that well issue a press release on later this evening. That part is the [TCM 2049]; its our next generation 65 millimeter Blue-Tooth plus FM part integrating key functions that would otherwise consume baseband power and resources. First, it integrates audio processing capabilities to improve voice quality, perform stereo decoding and lower system power consumption. Second, it has FM transmit capabilities so users can take advantage of the audio systems in their cars and home as they listen to music or talk on their phones. This chip is going to be the cell phone batterys best friend allowing the baseband to sleep more while providing key features that are proliferating to almost every handset tier. In Blue-Tooth we continued to experience strong demand in the third quarter driven by strength in the audio headset, PC and cellular segments. Last quarter we announced that our audio headset solutions were shipping into a number of Tier 1 accounts. But I think that one area thats been somewhat overlooked is the success that weve been having in the PC market. Blue-Tooth is being adopted into notebooks, PCs and ultra-mobile PCs as a way to interconnect keyboards, mice, headsets, printers and other peripherals with the main device. The good thing about this market is the number of PCs including notebooks and ultra-mobile PCs that ship, but the number of peripherals is a multiple of that. I think were still in the early phases of benefiting from PC and peripheral opportunities. Within the wireless LAN business, we had a very strong revenue performance in our third quarter driven by both growth in N and G. We experienced very strong demand for our 65 nanometer single-chip N based solutions. In Q4 we expect that our single-chip N solutions will represent nearly 80% of our 802.11n shipments most of which are going into products from leading PC OEMs. From a longer term perspective in the wireless LAN space, weve seen an increased interest in integrating wireless LAN into other consumer electronics such as TVs, set-top boxes and other devices for transporting audio, video and data around the home. The increased reach and bandwidth of 802.11n is what makes these applications possible. In our GPS business we experienced strong demand for stand-alone GPS solutions. We are clearly gaining share in the GPS market and were very pleased to be shipping our solutions into leading PND and cellular phone devices available on store shelves today. Our next generation GPS product, code named Barracuda, is in production and its designed in forthcoming PND and cellular handsets. From a longer term perspective, we view GPS as a very strong candidate for inclusion within our combo connectivity solutions. As we look into the fourth quarter, we believe that the overall revenue for our mobile and wireless businesses will be down on a sequential basis due mainly to customer demand and completion of builds for the holiday season which started in Q3 of this year. Moving on to the legal front, here are a few items to be aware of in the coming weeks. First, with respect to Qualcomm. On October 28 therell be a scheduling conference for our 051 patent case in the US District Court in Santa Ana. This patent is related to adaptive modulation schemes within a baseband and has so far withstood five separate Qualcomm requests for re-examination in the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We expect trial in the 051 patent case against Qualcomm to occur sometime in 2009. On October 29 a hearing on discovery motions will be held in San Diego with respect to Qualcomms discovery violations where Qualcomms former outside attorneys will be allowed to use privileged communications with Qualcomm to defend their conduct. With respect to SiRF technology, on or before December 8 we should receive the final determination of the International Trade Commission regarding SiRFs infringement on multiple Broadcom GPS patents. The ITC will also issue its final determination on the appropriate remedy for SiRFs infringement. That concludes our prepared remarks, so were now ready for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from James Schneider - Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Eric, you mentioned profitable growth as a theme throughout the call. I was wondering if you could address in 2009 if revenue growth is much slower, if it looks more like 2007 than it does this year, what are the steps youre going to take in terms of throttling back on op ex and in kind of the worst case scenario, what could op ex growth be at in a kind of percentage or absolute dollar terms?
Eric K. Brandt: As Scott mentioned on the call, weve already throttled back headcount growth quite significantly. I think that were focused pretty much on replacement of open positions and just minimal ads to places that have the highest ROI. I suppose we can certainly throttle that back further. I dont think we would do anything to tape-outs obviously because tape-outs do drive revenue as we move into production.  The first is the good news. I think for a lot of companies theyve been weakened all across the year by the economic crisis and I think as Broadcom youve seen that were probably in a stronger financial place than weve ever been as we exit Q3. So I think we enter this difficult time probably stronger than most. I think second, we understand our fiduciary responsibility and I think if things got worse or substantially worse, we would take the appropriate actions to move our cost structure more in line with the business. But I do think were in a good place and I do think we have the tools and processes in place to do this much better than weve ever done before.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: In terms of inventory management, I think your inventories were up about some 20% sequentially. Can you talk about what areas are elevated and what areas you think need to be worked on the most?
Eric K. Brandt: Inventory went up across the board. We saw, as you recall coming out of Q2, substantially higher revenue than we had forecast which put significant pressure on our supply chain and our operations group to meet that demand. In our business where we have a number of customers who have the potential to draw their lines down, the cost of underage is far greater than the cost of overage. We realize that weve probably run our supply chain a little too tight as we approached nine turns. So we brought it back down. There are some things that you put into place as you roll across the quarter and it takes a little while to sort of reach its level. But I think moving from 8.7 turns down to 7.7 turns and probably settling in the 8 range is where we should be so I suspect there will be some positive cash flow benefit in the total inventory dollars as we roll to the end of the year.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Scott, within the enterprise networking business are there any areas you think are going to be much weaker than others in Q4?
Scott A. McGregor: None come to mind in particular. Were seeing a good adoption and good traction on design wins across. I think the real question will be just what the IT spending trends are and what the ongoing rollout of infrastructure continues to be. We have continued to see strength for example in Asia deploying both wireless and wire line infrastructure and I think theres a variety of opportunities there. But nothing in particular strikes me.
Operator: Our next question comes from Uche Orji - UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS: Scott, you mentioned the ongoing consolidation in the wireless baseband area. Let me ask you for your thoughts as to how you see the end play for the market and what role Broadcom will play. I think that what Im asking is, are there opportunities for you to play more of a role of a consolidator now in the market place given all the properties coming to market from [Freescale] and then we had them from [TI]? If you can just share your thoughts on that and what [inaudible], thatd be helpful.
Scott A. McGregor: Frankly the baseband industrys been defying gravity for a while with too many suppliers in that space. We launched a strategy for platform based technology rather than just baseband per se, and I think thats become very important to our customers and becoming a trend in the industry.  What were seeing now is a long overdue shakeout of the players who were primarily just doing basebands. Thats no longer sufficient to play going forward and I think that realitys really hitting, which were pleased to see. I think two benefits of that; one, it does validate our strategy for platforms in that customers are constantly telling us that they dont just want a baseband supplier, they want somebody who can supply a system solution thats baseband and multi-media and radio and power management and connectivity and all those things that we do. So thats very positive. Second is I think finally were going to see a path towards better economics for the cellular platform providers which maybe not a short-term trend but certainly something thats going to happen over the longer term as the consolidation continues. In terms of Broadcoms role, we made pretty heavy investments in the cellular space and I think we were able to build up all those key technologies. We will certainly look at opportunities that are out there but right now we think were in pretty good shape versus supplying products to the two main customers weve announced, Samsung and Nokia. Well continue to focus on execution of those.
Uche Orji - UBS: In terms of the environment, you talked about that in your opening remarks. What are you seeing in terms of pricing? Are there any areas where youre seeing a greater than expected ASP pressure and how much youll be looking to offset that? The flip side of that question is also what are you seeing from the foundry? Were hearing about utilization rates declining sharply in the foundry. Is that improving your ability to reduce your costs? There are two parts to the question, one is your ASP trends and what youre seeing on the cost side form the foundry?
Scott A. McGregor: If you look a year ago, ASPs were declining very rapidly. I would say ahead of the normal trend in the industry. I believe ASP declines have slowed over the last few months. Part of that comes from what I would say is a chronic underinvestment in the foundry industry so prices for a lot of the core components of semiconductors have not gone down. For example, some of our products have a significant gold content in them. Those little tiny gold wires that theyve mined out for chips can costs tens of cents in some of our larger products. We had gold effectively double. We had oil prices which have now moderated but peaked for a while there where they were roughly twice as much. That drove the cost of components and things like that. I would say that ASPs have definitely moderated and thats because I think they came down very aggressively earlier, and were now seeing a little more supply constraint there.  Were now in a period of lower utilization in the foundries. I believe that offers some potential for lower prices but I dont think its going to be like other cycles because I think the foundries are already pretty close to their target return on investment and capital. I think theyre going to be reluctant to go below some of that. So I dont see the same decline in foundry prices as we might have seen in previous down cycles in the semiconductor industry. All-in-all I think that wed probably see moderation in ASPs.
Uche Orji - UBS: On 65 millimeters, how much of your overall portfolio now is 65? And if you can talk about any plans you may have on 45, that might also be helpful.
Eric K. Brandt: In Q3 we shipped about 9% of our revenue volume on 65. We expect that number will move up into the double digits comfortably in Q4.
Scott A. McGregor: In terms of 45 nanometer, weve done a variety of test chips so far and we expect to be taping out products next year in 45 nanometer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Ellis - Citigroup.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Eric, the companys talked about bringing gross margins back into the middle of the target range all year. The guidance basically takes you there. Can you just talk about the gives and takes with gross margins as you think about where the company will be exiting the fourth quarter?
Eric K. Brandt: As we look to gross margin rolling from Q3 to Q4, it was really principally driven by product mix. As Scott mentioned, were in a pretty significant new product ramp cycle, and as weve said repeatedly those new products start out at slightly lower gross margins driven by being designed more for time-to-market as well as just overall mix of the business. We have said that we felt that our target margins that the company used on the IPO were the correct margins for us going forward and what we had seen coming out of 2007 and early 2008 was the anomaly. I think that were now back in the range thats more realistic for the business.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: So theres nothing that you see that would indicate that you couldnt hold the target gross margin range?
Eric K. Brandt: Again, were managing our business as best we can over the long term. We dont give guidance beyond the quarter but we are running the business consistent with the business model and I think at this point thats all we can say.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Switching gears a little bit, you mentioned the ability to be buying back stock in the current quarter. Certainly theres plenty of dry powder on the balance sheet. Can you just talk about, one, how much cash you need to run the business, and two, how should we think about the pace at which you can use that $1 billion authorization?
Eric K. Brandt: In terms of cash to run the business, there are all sorts of ways to model this. From the bankers who visit me who tell me we need 17% of operating cash flow and thats a real number that somebody said, and the way they get there is based on whats the minimum amount of cash on average that the peer groups ever had in the history of companies, to people who say that you need one years worth of operating cash flow on the balance sheet. I think as a company were actually trying to do a much more sophisticated analysis of that. Were understanding what the drivers of our cash flow are, where our revenue and cost structure would be if the economy were going to continue to impact the business and what that looks like. Ill probably talk more about that on Analyst Day. Secondarily, in terms of use of the cash we have $1 billion authorization I think we could go as aggressively as we wanted, subject to our Boards okay with that. Were prepared to buy back shares. We were out of the market uncharacteristically mostly over the quarter and I expect well be back in the market when the window opens again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shawn Webster  JP Morgan.
Shawn Webster  JP Morgan: Can you give us an update on whats going on with the AMD Digital Television acquisition?
Peter Andrew: Weve signed our definitive agreement. Were working through the process to get to the closing of that. We are not there yet, there are lots of little things that chase in and around. Our hope is that we can get there over the next couple of weeks. If not, as we do our 404 and control testing it might slip into the first quarter of next year.
Shawn Webster  JP Morgan: Can you talk about how bookings and order linearity trended over the course of the quarter and maybe even the first several weeks of October?
Peter Andrew: We cant comment on Q4 but I said in my text that during the course of this quarter that we had pretty good linearity across the quarter which you can see in our DSOs. Q3 was pretty much as we saw in Q2.
Shawn Webster  JP Morgan: How about your component lead times? Is there any area thats still tight or is everything pretty available for your customers at this point?
Peter Andrew: We dont see any significant lead time issues at this point. There are a couple of small situations but nothing thats a major factor right now.
Shawn Webster  JP Morgan: Looking into your guidance for Q4, down roughly $7 million at the midpoint. I believe you said the networking was going to be down a little more than the others. Is that in all segments, the controllers for PCs and switches, enterprise, service providers? Is there any detail you can give us there?
Peter Andrew: It was pretty much across the board. We dont have more detail than that but its pretty much across the board and principally driven by the seasonal swing in Q4 for that business.
Shawn Webster  JP Morgan: Given the product mix that you have today, is there any comments, I understand that the demand environment is a little squishy, but how do you expect seasonality to fare going into Q1 for the first half of the year for your segments?
Peter Andrew: We dont typically provide guidance more than one quarter. I think historically Q1 has been seasonally slightly down from Q4 but its too early to tell at this point.
Shawn Webster  JP Morgan: Any guidance you can give us on your op ex trends or is it going to be based as you said before on the macro environment in terms of what youre going to do with headcount and spending?
Peter Andrew: Heres the way I think op ex, realize that take outs occur as they need to occur and again we wouldnt slow those down. Our legal fees tend to be a bit lumpy and you can see the lumpy affect this quarter. In fact if you look at the schedules that are on the website you can see that the tape out costs are down, a prototype tape out cost is down about $5 million and legal fees are down about $2 million, so theres $7 million right there of that $7 million to $8 million we said moved from Q3 into Q4. I think as we roll across the time period and you were to net our stock-based compensation, were down about $7 million as I mentioned. If you take the amounts of money that we said pushed into Q4 and slid it back into Q3 you would see that excluding stock-based compensation our run rate of operating expenses excluding our normal focal and some other odds and [sods] that occurred in Q2 is pretty flat. While we cant promise that I think that we are now looking at a run rate thats beginning to get things as I mentioned at the beginning of the year from 5% to 6% sequentially down a 2% to 3% sequentially and I think excluding the lumpiness which we see which is inevitable in every business were seeing numbers that look much more like 1% to 2%. I think thats the right way to think about the business and the right way to think about the investment of the business at the current run rate and should the run rate get better we can release spending and should the run rate get worse we will adjust accordingly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Benjamin  Jeffries & Co.
Adam Benjamin  Jeffries & Co.: First on the enterprise switching business youve seen strong sequential growth and year-over-year about 30% there. I think the markets growing about half that rate and Im just curious what youre seeing there and whats really driving the growth for you?
Scott A. McGregor: Adam, there are number of things. Certainly one of the things driving the industry is deployment of infrastructure for both wire line and wireless and we talked about that on our last quarter call where were just seeing a lot of data traffic and video traffic going across all these networks and with the advent of the HSPA phones and eventually LTE we think thats going to dramatically increase even more. In terms of wire were growing faster than the industry. I think its a couple things, one is were taking share. We have dramatically stronger SMB parts, we have dramatically stronger switches. Weve kicked out some competitors with some of our 65 nanometer products. Again this is the investment weve been making in the 65 nanometers. Its bearing fruit. We have very competitive low power, high density, high capability parts. Weve also grown into metro. We made an acquisition there about a year ago which has enable us to gain some traction there as well. A variety of reasons leading into that and we believe weve got a very strong performance in that business.
Adam Benjamin  Jeffries & Co.: Scott, on the base band side you guys talked earlier about platform, strategy and the you earlier talked previously about the desire to keep the base band business largely due to the fact that you want to be strong in connectivity, meaning Bluetooth, GPS and WiFi and you didnt want to sacrifice that business. One of your competitors, TI, last night is indicating a different strategy and thinking that they can exit base band and keep at processors. Im just curious if you can comment on that and your thoughts as to the divergence and strategies?
Scott A. McGregor: What were hearing from customers is that they really appreciate our offering and its sort of like a toolkit, if you will. When we look at portable devices, whether its a cellular handset or a Smartphone or many of the new hybrid or combination products coming out, a lot of the customers are trying to assemble a set of technology that consists of many of these things, from application processors to media processors to processors within the base band itself and then of course all the radio and PMU and PA, all the different myriad of technologies that go into this. What Broadcom has done is weve assembled the complete toolkit for all of those and many of those technologies we have the world class product offering, Bluetooth, wireless LAN, multimedia. We think we have the best product in that space. It enables us to really provide a great solution custom to what a large customer would like. If you look at the top five cellular guys they generally want to be able to mix and match and put things around and get flexibility. We found that to be incredibly attractive to customers. If you dont have that capability then I think the best thing to do is to pick a particular niche and make a stand in it, but long term I dont see that as a successful strategy.
Adam Benjamin  Jeffries & Co.: Should this put to rest any talk of you exiting base band at this point?
Scott A. McGregor: We have no plans to exit base band at this point and we believe weve got a great opportunity in cellular and the overall handheld market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Srini Pajuri  Merrill Lynch.
Srini Pajuri  Merrill Lynch: Eric, just a clarification on the inventories, can you talk about whats in the inventories, the die bank or finished goods and also if there is any risk of potential write down?
Eric K. Brandt : We run a pretty tight reserve process. In fact this quarter we actually made sure that we had the reserves in pretty good shape. I dont think theres any specific risk associated with that. I am looking, Srini, while I get a chance here to give you the number because I have the number here, I just have to find it real quick. Finished goods inventory was roughly $215 million and raw and WIP was about $150 million. I think thats gross. Isnt that gross, Peter?
Peter Andrew: Yes.
Eric K. Brandt : And you have to take out the reserve provision which I think about $20 million but we can follow up with you on the call after that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Randy Abrams  Credit Suisse.
Randy Abrams  Credit Suisse: I wanted to see if you can talk about the FCC mandate? You mentioned that was one driver in near term thats giving you business. If you could quantify approximately how much youre getting from that and then as we get to the mandate do you see any potential fall off in that?
Scott A. McGregor: Randy, were certainly benefiting from it and I dont have the breakout for you to give you exactly whats due to the FCC cutoff in 2009 February. But, I think the key point and something I think a lot of people miss is that theres a bigger trend which has a lot of the cable operators and others looking to do the same thing on all of the cable bandwidth and so forth so they can also make room for HD channels and other kinds of things and move to a DOCSIS technology to get higher bandwidth. For us we see certainly that as a near term driver over the next couple quarter and will probably go beyond February itself because people will find other TVs in their garage or find some VCR they forgot to convert. Well see a little bit after February but itll then trickle off but it misses the point that theres a larger opportunity with the cable infrastructure moving over to again reclaim that bandwidth as well.
Randy Abrams  Credit Suisse: You talked about the combination parts, your four or five OEMs. Could you talk about maybe splitting it between Bluetooth FM and then also how much the attach on the full Bluetooth FM plus wireless LAN?
Scott A. McGregor: We dont break that out specifically but Bluetooth FM, that part BCM2048 has been an incredibly successful part and certainly the handset world is now out shipping the stand alone Bluetooth so a tremendous success in that space. The BCM4325 is the triple play part we have out there today. In our last earnings call we said wed shipped almost a million units and now were at 7 million units and we see a pretty steep growth ramp.  We talked about working with four of the top five handset makers, its a lot more than four were working with, but four of the top five handset makers on various combo products and as I said in previous earnings calls we believe the BCM4325 is going to be a hot product. Its designed into PCs, its designed into cellular handsets, its designed into media devices and other things. Its a great product and were seeing a huge customer acceptance of it.
Eric K. Brandt : Srini, let me just come back around to your question, I have the numbers now in a net format. The net number on inventory in WIP is about $131.5 million and the net number in finished goods about $191 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Mobley  Piper Jaffray.
Gary Mobley  Piper Jaffray: I believe your main 65 nanometer production partner is losing money on 65 nanometers and has been raising pricing a bit. Im just wondering for your WiFi products and anything else produced on 65 nanometers how you may have lost your edge from a cost standpoint compared to 130 nanometer solutions? Eric, whats the impact on the interest income line from being shorter on the yield curve and then as well what the impact of the RD tax credit passage will be on the tax rate?
Eric K. Brandt : Lets save beyond the tax credit for a follow up call because its a much longer conversation but its positive to us. With respect to being short on the yield curve I guess the good news is we really dont have much exposure to bad securities. We had one small little note of $5 million that we had a small write off on. It probably will ultimately go to term for the full amount. Weve had actually no exposure and no real major exposure at all to any of this credit crisis and bad pieces of paper. The bad news on that is weve seen our yield go from 5% last year down to about 1% this year. In some respects its making the cash less valuable to the net income line. I guess the good news is that the operating income of the business is doing extraordinarily well that we dont feel it and we have the ability to use that cash to buy back stock which would be quite accretive at these levels.
Peter Andrew: But all in all were very happy to be in triple As and Treasuries all this time looking back on it. On your comment on 65 nanometer, I have to correct the assumption you had in your question. We have three partners qualified for 65 nanometer and work with all three. Were not particularly dependent on any one foundry for 65 nanometer. We have diversity there and our yields are looking good on 65 nanometer and were seeing that as a real strength. Were happy that we made those investments last year. We think some of our competitors now are going to struggle a bit because they may have more trouble raising the bar to do the cost of moving to 65 nanometer in these more challenging times.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Securities.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Securities: Scott, a question for you on the base band profitability statement you made about potentially that improving over time. Is that just because the consolidation you see in the number of vendors or are you hearing something directly from the OEMs?
Scott A. McGregor: No, thats strictly based on economics 101 that if you have several dozen suppliers the margin will be lower than if you have several suppliers.
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank Securities: If you could just remind us on the AMD business, I know it hasnt closed yet but could you just refresh us on what the metrics were there on the size of the business, the dilution, etc.?
Peter Andrew: When we reported it we didnt give specific size of the business. We said that we were buying the business for $192 million. We said that it would be gross accretive, margin accretive, that it would be dilutive until the end of 2009 and that we were looking at.
Eric K. Brandt : Approaching EPS neutrality by Q4 of 2009.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Luke  Barclays Capital.
Tim Luke  Barclays Capital: As a follow up to that question, if you close it as you expect to in the next couple of weeks what should we think about in terms of incremental revenue then going forward?
Peter Andrew: I think what we will do is when we close well issue a press release which will have that information in it. At this point its too early to report that because we just dont know when it will close. It could close in two weeks, it could close Q1.
Tim Luke  Barclays Capital: On the cellular side in terms of framing the expectation based off the [inaudible] traction that you are seeing, you would expect to see some incremental revenue beginning in the third quarter or the second quarter of next year. Whats the framework for that and I was also wondering if, Scott, you might be able to give a comment on controllers. You have new products coming through there. When does it start to help you next year?
Scott A. McGregor: First of all on base bands weve only said that we expect to see revenue for that in 2009, we havent specified it any further than that and certainly as those products roll out well talk about them. Well go to more of our traditional model at Broadcom of talking about products as they go to market. In terms of the controller business we expect to see next year that business to start picking up so probably troughing in the fourth quarter or first quarter, somewhere in there.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wu  Global Crown Capital.
David Wu  Global Crown Capital: I was curious about two things, the first one is in terms of coverage, the backlog coverage for the fourth quarter, what is the rate of the backlog coverage at this point? The other thing I was wondering, Scott, you mentioned switches and customers stalling down in Q4. Do they pick up in Q1 if we dont have an economic headwind, just normal seasonality?
Eric K. Brandt : With respect to the backlog as weve said and this hasnt changed, we enter a quarter 80% plus book and thats been our history and thats not any different rolling into Q4. 
Scott A. McGregor: In terms of switches, customers slowing down, normally the infrastructure builds tend to be first half seasonally strong mostly because of capital approval cycles and that tends to drive that. That would be a normal characteristic in the industry and Im not an economist so I dont know how to model the current economic situation on top of that. Normally we would expect some softening towards the end of the year and then strengthening in the first half again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Berenbaum  Cowen and Company.
Daniel Berenbaum  Cowen and Company: You talked about opportunity in net books around peripherals and PCs. Can you talk a little bit more specifically about the net book opportunity and how Broadcom benefits there? Then just quickly are we still using a 10% pro forma tax rate?
Scott A. McGregor: Ill let Eric answer the tax rate question but certainly in terms of net books, Broadcom has quite a variety of products to offer into that space and I think I mentioned just Bluetooth as an opportunity where you can integrate a variety of peripherals. Its interesting because the cost of Bluetooth you put in one Bluetooth transceiver in the net book and a Bluetooth transceiver in each one of the peripherals and it turns out thats cheaper than the cables and the wire and the various other things that you would have otherwise used to connect it, plus its cool. Theres some advantages there in terms of just portability and moving things around, having keyboards that dont have to be connected to the device, auxiliary keyboards, mice and things like that. We think thats going to become an increasing trend and weve worked out some technology there to keep the power significantly lower than some other techniques so that it makes battery life work quite well. But Broadcom has an incredible plethora of products in that space, everything from Bluetooth to wireless LAN, multimedia, theres an interest in various kinds of media processing in these portable devices. Certainly GPS is getting interesting and eventually some of the wireless broadband characteristics added as well. Again this is where Broadcoms really wide portfolio of things really plays to our advantage and makes it quite interesting in the spaces.
Eric K. Brandt : Moving to the tax rate, Dan. It depends on whether you are a GAAP guy or a non-GAAP guy. If youre a non-GAAP guy 10% has been the pro forma tax rate. If youre a GAAP guy and youre watching our tax rate this year its been running around 1% or 2% and thats about what we pay in cash tax. For call away, we have about $3.5 billion in Federal NOLs and probably about $1.5 in California NOLs. We dont pay a lot of cash tax. If you want to run a long term tax rate I would run 10%. If youre going to run a GAAP tax rate, its probably low single digits that I would use.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Berger  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.
Craig Berger  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Is Verizon your only licensee and are you still actively trying to get more licensees?
Eric K. Brandt : By your question, is Verizon the only licensee of the ITC and Santa Ana patents, yes, thats correct. We are not at this time looking to find other licensees at that patent but we certainly could look at that in the future. But we have not made that a business focus right now. Our primary business focus is to create great products and sell them and use the IP as a way to give us differentiation on those products. But we could look at different views of that in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets.
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Scott, I have a question on set-top box, can you give us some more color on the drivers there? I guess one thing youve mentioned in the past is the transition to HD. Is that driving the ASP higher or is it just units and what are the adoption rates of HD and how far the growth can continue on this segment?
Scott A. McGregor: Peter might have some industry data for you on adoption rates but generally we get a significantly higher silicon ASP for an HD solution so theres an opportunity there. Also because of the desire of the various cable MSOs to reclaim the bandwidth theyre really not deploying as many ST boxes any more, theyre really pushing the HD boxes and the newer boxes that give them that. So that dynamic plays really well into our space and for some of our competitors who supply ST boxes itll be a little problematic as those ST boxes come back. When they start pushing HD then theyll have recycled ST boxes to offer customers who insist on an ST box. I think the market is really going to become predominantly HD going forward. Weve got a variety of new products there and a lot of new technologies and were pretty excited about it. We definitely see the opportunity to grow the set-top box business ahead of the per unit or the subscriber rate penetration rate which if you just looked at the subscriber rate growth in the US that would understate what we see as the opportunity for Broadcom.
Peter Andrew: If you look on average in terms of what is being shipped today by our customers roughly 50% to 60% of the products that are being shipped are considered high end which means that include either HD or PVR.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ruben Roy  Pacific Crest Securities.
Ruben Roy  Pacific Crest Securities: Scott, you talked about a number of new products, a number of new areas that you are making investments into for 2009. I was just wondering in terms of the macro slowdown everyones seeing, what are some of the areas that you think are pretty well shielded from a product cycle standpoint against a slowing macro?
Scott A. McGregor: Its hard to say. Its a little uncertain where the macro stuff is going to go. Historically in other down cycles people have often tended to protect their cable TV subscription and sometimes cancel vacations and buy new TV sets. So sometimes you get surprised with what the opportunities are there. I think were going to have to wait and see and learn what our customers are seeing a little more over the next quarter or so to see the strengths and so forth there. But weve got a very broad diversified business and also we are penetrating a number of new areas with new products. Broadcom is driven to a large extend by product cycle and not just macro economics. I think you need to look at both of those factors.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton  Needham & Company. 
Quinn Bolton  Needham & Company: I think I might have missed your comments so I was just wondering if you could give us sort of your sense what happened with both the DSL and cable modems in Q3 and then the outlook for Q4? Then just any commentary about the uptake, your outlook for DOCSIS 30 as we get close to the end of 08 looking to 2009.
Scott A. McGregor: I think youre probably referring to why we saw sequential decline for DSL and cable modems. I think they just got a head of themselves just a little bit. I mean there were just tremendously strong orders and so forth so I think the business just got ahead of itself a little bit and overall we see that continuing going forward and continuing to be a growth business. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from John Dryden  Charter Equity Research.
John Dryden  Charter Equity Research: Scott, for 3G phones, whats your long term position on integrated base [inaudible] versus a discreet solutions?
Scott A. McGregor: We have both and we do what the customer things is best. Again, that goes back to the flexibility of having all the different technologies in the portfolio. We have some customers who want discreet radio, others who want integrated radio, we have some who want either media or application processors either integrated or discreet, PMU in, PMU out. And given that theres a lot of sort of ideas people want more integration as you go to higher volume lower end platforms and less integration as you go to higher end lower volume platforms. I think having all of the legos in the box is really valuable here and we can do the best solution for each customer. So, we like both.
Operator:  Our next question comes from [Mark McCatchney  Amtech].
[Mark McCatchney  Amtech]: On the Q4 guide, how much of the down sequential do you think is inventory that your customers may be burning in the channel versus end market? And then, I apologize, just a housekeeping question, have you recognized any of the Qualcomm royalty payments yet?
Eric K. Brandt : With respect to the revenue guide, we have tried all year long and we have said this repeatedly that we try to stress test the demand that we get so that it accurately reflects the demand that the customers have. So, we dont believe there are large pockets of inventory out there. Its a very dynamic situation and as customers demand changes they could wind up in some short cycle inventory situations but we dont see much of that. Were trying really to give you the best picture of real demand and thats what the guidance is in Q4. What was the second half of the question, Im sorry?
[Mark McCatchney  Amtech]: On the Qualcomm royalties?
Eric K. Brandt : The Qualcomm royalties are still hanging on the balance sheet. Were waiting to get them finalized and through all the various pieces. I think its $28 million right now thats hanging on the balance sheet which we hope will drop through soon.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: You mentioned areas where you would be increasing spending, if you could give us some specifics on what those areas are going to be assuming we continue to be in a down turn situation over the next two quarters?
Scott A. McGregor: Those are fairly limited areas. I dont want you to get the impression that its broad based. Certainly, were continuing to invest in areas and with the existing team weve got a very, very strong engineering team at Broadcom and theyre doing a lot of cool things and creating new products but some of the areas, Ill give you one example, because weve seen such a dramatic customer interest in the combo products we did add some additional sales engineers and support engineers and people to just address more customers. We found we were limited, that we had far more customers than we could handle. So, this is an example of one of those things that has a pretty good short term ROI and makes a lot of sense. Those are the kinds of things were looking at but were generally not making broad new investments as we watch the macroeconomic situation.
Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Then a quick follow up, some [inaudible] Cantonese have entered Q4 with much less visibility and as a result have provided a much wider range of revenue guidance. You mentioned that your backlog coverage was 80% plus. I think previously you had said 85% to 90%, should I read your 80% plus just as the same as what youve seen previously or still a little bit of [inaudible] in terms of visibility sequentially?
Eric K. Brandt : I think its the same as weve seen in the past. The reason we say 80% plus or 80% to 90% is it sort of enters the quarter and it can run up above the number and then run down and there are some puts and takes that move around inside the quarter that are not always exactly - you may recall our Q1 results were not exactly as we had forecast them. So, there is some movement within the business units which is how we get to the 80% to 90%. But, I dont think our visibility has materially changed in Q4.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Aalok Shah  D.A. Davidson & Co.
Aalok Shah  D.A. Davidson & Co.: Just a quick question, Eric have you or would you ever consider repricing stock options at this point for your employees?
Eric K. Brandt : I believe in our last shareholder proposal on our last proxy we took that out of the ability of our program so we cannot do that anymore so we would not do that anymore.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Analyst for Kevin Cassidy  Thomas Weisel Partners.
Analyst for Kevin Cassidy  Thomas Weisel Partners: I have a question on the MoCA, it was mentioned twice in prepared remarks. Today we have one major carrier deploying the technology, there rumors that others may come in the cable space. Will Broadcoms MoCA opportunity be focused on cable TV, satellite or Telecom?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, we see MoCA as an opportunity for multiple customers, a variety of carriers but also for a variety of devices like TV sets for example and other things. We see it as a very versatile horizontal technology that people will use to not only tie different devices to set-top boxes but communicate between different devices. Its a very good standard high speed wired connectivity technology that leverages an existing cable installation in a customers home. It has a number of advantages, cable is relatively clean, if you look at alternatives like power lines, power lines is incredibly noisy and has a variety of problems when deployed in customer sites. It really provides the carrier level quality of service for high speed HD video, multiple HD streams and other things. Its a good technology, were going to use it across a variety of things and thats why we mentioned that well use it in not just set-top boxes but also a variety of cable modems and even things like TV sets. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Suji De Silva  Kaufman Bros.
Suji De Silva  Kaufman Bros: Stepping back with the living room connectivity, can you talk about how this plays out for you guys in 09? There are a number of technologies you described, is any one of them going to have sort of an inflection point in 09 or will it be steady ramp there?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, its interesting because various pundits like to debate what the connectivity technologies are going to be in the living room and whos going to control that and so forth. I guess at Broadcom we really view ourselves as agnostic on that and our goal is to provide sort of all the key technologies we think are going to be important in that and it makes us less dependent on who succeeds and we participate sort of no matter who wins. I think certainly theres going to be wired technologies like MoCA, I think wireless technologies will come of age and were big fans of 802.11N. We think it has both the reach and the head end bandwidth to enable multiple HD streams and weve certainly made some investments in technologies that improve quality of service and some of the encoding technologies so you dont have like tears in the video and certain retransmit and other things to improve that.  I would say those are certainly two technologies that we think are going to be very important in connecting the home going forward.
Operator:  The final question comes from Steven Smigie  Raymond James.
Steven Smigie  Raymond James: I believe you guys have some exposure to GPON on the fiber to home roll out. Im just curious what that market looks like for you guys in the coming year? And, would you guys consider getting in to EPON stuff as well?
Scott A. McGregor: GPON and EPON are certainly interesting technologies and weve taken a look at those. We havent announced any products in that space yet but it does remain quite interesting for us and as we bring such products to market wed certainly talk about them. That concludes our call today. Id like to thank everyone for joining us. Before we conclude Id like to reiterate just a few points I think we covered today. First of all, we had a great third quarter, record revenue, EPS and cash flow from operations. Our strong revenue combined with the tight rein on operating expenses drove significant operating margin leverage and well look to continue that theme of profitable growth.  The third point Ill leave you with is we believe Broadcom is very well positioned in this economic downturn with truly integrated product offerings and a scalable business model. As a result we see this as a great opportunity to emerge in an even stronger position as this resolves. With those thoughts, thank you very much and good afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Broadcom third quarter and year 2008 earnings conference call. This concludes our conference for today. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-23 16:45:00) =====
Executives: Peter Andrew - Vice President, Investor Relations  Scott A. McGregor - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Eric K. Brandt - Principal Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts: James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Uche Orji - UBS Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Craig Ellis - Citigroup Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities Daniel Berenbaum - Cowen & Company Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company Allan Mishan - Oppenheimer Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch Shaw Wu - American Technology Research Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets John Dryden - Charter Equity Research David Wu - Global Crown Capital Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets Gary Mobley - Piper Jaffray Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities Gavin Duffy - Broadpoint Capital
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom second quarter and year 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Your speakers for today are Scott McGregor, Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer; Eric Brandt, Broadcom's Chief Financial Officer; and Peter Andrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew. Please go ahead. 
Peter Andrew: Thank you, Jamie. During this call, we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue, gross margin, and operating expense targets for the third quarter of 2008 and any other future periods, as well as statements about the prospects for our various businesses, potential market share, and the development status and planned availability of new products.  You should note that the guidance we provide today is based upon forecasts that require us to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions using the information that is available to us at this time.  It should be clearly understood that our actual performance and financial results may differ substantially from our forecasts and other forward-looking statements we make today.  Specific factors that may affect our business and future results including among other thing general economic conditions in the markets we address are discussed in the risk factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K for 2007 and subsequent SEC filings. A partial listing of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of todays earnings press release.  As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement except as required by law. Please refer to the investor section of our website for additional historical, financial, and statistical information, including the information required by SEC Regulation G.  With that, let me turn the call over to Scott. 
Scott A. McGregor: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. Despite all of the recent economic concerns in the headlines, Broadcom had a very strong quarter. Total revenue for the second quarter came in at $1.2 billion, which represented year-over-year growth of over 30%. In addition, quarterly product revenue excluding royalties surpassed the $1 billion milestone for the first time.  We were able to keep operating expenses relatively tight, even with much stronger-than-expected revenue. Total operating expenses grew $54 million, or 13% year over year, while revenue grew about $300 million, providing positive earnings leverage. The combination of strong revenue and tight operating expenses enabled us to generate $247 million in cash flow from operations. Our total cash and marketable securities balance was over $2 billion, even after buying back $444 million worth of Broadcom stock in the second quarter.  As I prepared for this call, I tried to put my finger on exactly why, despite all of the recent economic concerns, that Broadcom was able to report such a strong quarter. After evaluating our product lines, part numbers, and customer ramps, at the high level the answer appears simple -- that communications products are playing a greater role within our lives, whether at home, work, or mobile.  Broadcom's traditional wireline businesses that address communication needs at home and work grew revenue at a double-digit percentage rate year over year, while our mobile and wireless businesses grew revenue more than 50% year over year. The market for communications, whether wired or wireless, are large and growing. This phenomena is occurring all around the world. Our recent strength, especially in networking, has been increasingly coming from Asia and Eastern Europe. We see worldwide Internet traffic growing strongly, driven by richer content, the deployment of broadband connectivity to new users, and the build-out of supporting network infrastructure. Ill touch more on this in a few minutes but let me turn it over to Eric to talk in more detail about our second quarter results and third quarter guidance. 
Eric K. Brandt: Thanks, Scott. Let me start with the financial overview. We are pleased to report our second quarter results. To summarize, record revenue of $1.201 billion, including a $35.6 million royalty in revenue from Verizon, was up approximately 34% from a year ago and well above the upper end of the range provided in our Q1 earnings call.  GAAP gross margin was 53.8%, up about 40 basis points from last quarter. Included in this number are a 140-basis point impact of the Verizon royalty and a 90-basis point negative impact of stock-based compensation and amortization of purchased intangibles.  Total GAAP operating expenses increased by $29 million over Q1; however, as noted in our Q1 results and guidance during last quarters conference call, there are a number of one-time/step-up elements in that quarter which I will detail in a moment.  GAAP earnings per share were $0.25. This number includes a one-time item associated with the revision to certain assumptions and methodologies relating to the accounting for expense reimbursements relating to directors and officers insurance, which resulted in approximately a $0.01 earnings per share negative impact on the quarter. Excluding this item and the acquisition related items from Q2 of 2007, roughly $0.02 per share, Broadcom experienced EPS growth in excess of 200% over Q2 of the prior year.  Stock-based compensation expenses in the quarter were $127 million, or roughly $0.24 per share, of which approximately $90 million or 7.5 points of revenue was in R&D, $31 million or 2.6 points of revenue was in SG&A, and $6 million or 0.5 points of revenue was in COGS. Cash flow from operations was a very strong $247 million.  Our cash and marketable securities on hand declined and stood at $2.04 billion at the end of the quarter, driven down primarily by $444 million in share repurchases settled in the quarter.  Moving to revenue and gross margin, in April we said we expected Q2 revenue could be approximately $1.075 billion to $1.125 billion, assuming a $35 million royalty from Verizon. We said we expected strong growth within our broadband and mobile and wireless targeted end markets and we expected enterprise networking to be roughly flat.  What occurred in Q2 was strong revenue across all of our targeted end markets, led by much stronger-than-expected growth in broadband communications and enterprise networking. The net result was that revenue for the second quarter came in above our prior estimated range.  With respect to broadband communication markets, the revenue increase was across the board with the greatest dollar increases in the set-top box and broadband modem areas. In the mobile and wireless market, as anticipated we experienced a bounce-back from seasonal declines in Bluetooth and wireless LAN products, as well as strong growth in our GPS product line.  Our enterprise networking market grew more than anticipated during Q2, principally driven by continued solid growth in switching, coupled with a much smaller than anticipated declined quarter over quarter in the gigabit ethernet controller segment. Please note that we define switching as switches plus software and [inaudible], whether they are optical or copper.  Revenue distribution for Q2 was as follows: broadband communications was 38% of total revenue; mobile and wireless, which included the Verizon royalty, was 35%; enterprise networking accounted for 27%.  Our GAAP gross margin increased 40 basis points to 53.8%, which was mostly driven by: one, product mix; two, increased demand for higher margin older products; and three, favorable cost control. Excluding the impact of the Verizon royalties, product-based gross margins were more than 100 basis points above our previously stated business model, as adjusted for the half point of FAS-123 expense and COGS of 49.5% to 51.5%.  Moving to operating expenses, GAAP operating expenses were up $29 million from Q1 levels. Excluding one-time settlement and acquisition adjustments called out in Q1, this number would be $54 million. Included in this amount are the negative effects of an $11 million expense related to DNO insurance associated with the shareholder and officer litigation issues, of which $9 million is a change in timing of recognition, an $11 million step-up due to our annual employee merit increase, a $4 million increase to the bonus accrual as operating results have been much better than planned, a $14 million increase in stock-based compensation, which was slightly higher than projected on the last call due to the movement in stock price following our last earnings call.  In addition, as mentioned last quarter, there was a $1 million step-up associated with the integration of Sunext Design and the non-recurring Q1 benefit from the Qualcomm reimbursement of San Diego legal expenses of roughly $9 million.  So the net effect of this was a $5 million increase in discretionary spending, well below our targeted increase of $13 million to $18 million.  All of the items I just mentioned were highlight in our Q1 earnings call, with the exception of the accounting change for DNO reimbursement. We made this change based on communications with our insurers with respect to potential coverage implications. The net effect of this change was to move to a cash receipt basis, under which we will record the expense offset only when cash is received from the carriers instead of offsetting a majority of the expenses in the quarter with a receivable from the carriers. We believe this to a be a more conservative approach, given the facts and circumstances.  R&D as a percentage of sales on a GAAP basis was 31.6%, a decrease of approximately 290 basis points. Included in this number is $90 million, or roughly 7.5 points of stock-based compensation expense. We continue to operate above our previous ranges as we continue to invest to deliver on recent design wins in a number of our emerging businesses. However, due to strong expense control, combined with better than anticipated revenue performance, we are seeing solid leverage in the R&D line.  We increased total company headcount by 168 people to a total worldwide headcount of roughly 6700. As I mentioned earlier, total cash and marketable securities were down slightly at $2.04 billion, as we generated very strong positive cash flow from operations of $247 million, which was offset principally by our share repurchase program.  Inventory increased in Q2 by approximately $35 million to $256 million. GAAP inventory turns remained strong at 8.7 times in Q2.  Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding were a solid 36 days, driven by good linearity in the quarter. As previously announced, last November a $1 billion share repurchase program was approved by the board of directors. The company repurchased approximately 17.7 million shares at a cost of roughly $444 million in Q2 at an average price of $24.87. Shortly following the end of the quarter, we completed the $1 billion share buy-back. We are currently evaluating our next potential repurchase program.  On a GAAP basis, diluted shares outstanding were down another 10 million shares to 530 million diluted shares outstanding at the end of Q2.  Moving to expectations, we currently expect solid growth in Q3, with total net revenue in the range of $1.25 billion to $1.3 billion. In looking at what we expect to happen in Q3 in broadband communications, we expect modest revenue growth driven by a seasonal pick-up in our Blu-Ray and digital TV product lines, while growth in the more traditional wireline business slows in the back half of the year.  In mobile and wireless, we continue to anticipate continued strong revenue growth driven by Bluetooth and wireless LAN. Our enterprise networking growth -- excuse me, our enterprise networking business should see solid revenue growth continue into Q3, as we expect strong growth in the switching area with a temporal up-tick in the gigabit ethernet controller market.  For GAAP gross margin, in Q3 we expect to see a decline in gross margin moving more in line with our historic range, which adjusting for our GAAP transition again would be 49.5% to 51.5% for product based gross margins excluding the effect of the Verizon royalty, driven principally by product mix and the ramp of several new products to new and existing customers in the quarter, and tighter supply conditions in our supply chain during the third quarter.  Just to repeat what weve said in the past, typically our newly introduced products have lower gross margins as we focus designs initially for quick time to market.  With respect to GAAP operating expenses in Q3, I would like to separate the discretionary elements from the usual Q3 FAS-123R step-up in option compensation, and the effect of moving to a cash basis for DNO recovery. We think it is useful to make this distinction to increase the transparency for the choices we are making. Let me start with the discretionary costs.  For the last three quarters, we have outperformed our guidance on expenses, which reflects the impact of our new processes and tighter controls, while at the same time weve seen significant upside to our revenue. We feel we have somewhat under-invested in the first half of the year and believe in light of additional revenue, we will release some strategic spending in Q3 to the tune of about $2 million to further support our competitive positioning. Based on this, we are providing a slightly higher operating expense range of $15 million to $20 million, of which roughly half will be in the legal area.  As I mentioned, we have been fortunate to do better than our guidance for operating expense growth over the last three quarters, and we will continue to work hard to do the same in Q3.  Moving to the FAS-123 step-up in DNO recovery accounting change to a cash basis, since we are using GAAP only, as we saw in Q2 you will need to include the stock-based compensation step-up due to the grant of new equity awards partway through Q2 in your Q3 projections. We anticipate this will be around a $9 million to $11 million step-up.  As we mentioned last quarter to help your modeling on stock-based compensation expense, it normally steps up in Q2 of each year due to the new grants made mid-quarter in connection with our annual employee review process, as well as in Q3 for a full quarter effect, and then it should drift back down in Q4 and Q1.  With respect to DNO recovery, as I mentioned we transitioned to a cash basis, which means we will offset outlays based on reimbursements actually received from our insurance carriers. To the extent that cash receipts are more or less than outlays in a particular quarter, we will have a delta in operating expenses, which we will highlight when we announce our results for that quarter, if they are material.  Cash flow from operations in Q3 is expected to remain strong.  I now would like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk about the state of the business. 
Scott A. McGregor: Thanks, Eric. Ill start off by talking about our wired end markets. Broadcom's enterprise networking business experienced a strong quarter of revenue growth, driven mainly by sales of our switching products, which grew almost 10% versus the first quarter and nearly 20% year over year. Much of this growth was driven by strength in Asian markets due to infrastructure build-outs and upgrades occurring in the region. Our deep and geographically diverse customer base and exposure across the service provider, enterprise, and small and medium sized business markets continues to benefit us.  For our switching products, just as last quarter, much of the growth was in the service provider space, followed by the enterprise market. We continue to see ethernet penetrating more of the metro market as service providers are rolling out more high bandwidth applications to their customers and migrating their older networks to an ethernet architecture.  From a product perspective, our second quarter announcements focused on low power, highly integrated 65-nanometer products. We are delivering a complete product offering to address our customers needs from low-end SMB switching to high-end carrier switch applications, running from 10-megabits per second all the way up to 10-gigabits per second. The ability of our customers to leverage Broadcom silicon and software across their entire product line is an important competitive advantage.  During the second quarter, we rolled out our new Strata XGS4 multi-layer switch product line for 1- and 10-gigabit applications, to address the switching needs in enterprise, data center, and service provider networks. These products continue to expand the merchant silicon opportunity in these markets by utilizing a low power 65-nanometer design with enough scalability necessary for data center applications, high levels of security required for enterprise networks, and a wide variety of protocols and quality of service features needed in next generation service provider networks.  In the 10-gig space, we also announced a 10-gig KR5 for back plane communications in blade servers and advanced telecommunications computing architecture equipment; a new 10-gig based T5 operating at over 100 meters of UTP cable for switch and controller applications; and a 10-gig ISCSI host bus adapter functionality that will be integrated into our future controllers for servers.  At the lower end of the switching market, to address the needs of the SMB customers, we also announced a family of five to 24-port switching solutions at price points to accelerate the adoption of gigabit switching into this market.  From a revenue growth perspective, typically our enterprise networking business slows down in the back half of the year but as Eric mentioned, we expect this growth to continue into the third quarter, driven primarily by continued broad-based strength in switching and strong demand for gigabit ethernet controllers for servers.  Moving on to our broadband communications businesses, we experienced a stellar quarter as every line of business experienced revenue growth on a sequential basis and all but one experienced very strong year-over-year revenue growth.  This broad-based demand highlights what I mentioned earlier about communications and connectivity playing a greater role within our lives. Growth in the second quarter was driven by sales to existing and emerging customers, service providers signing up more HD subscribers or broadband services, as well as perhaps a shift in consumer discretionary spending towards home entertainment.  As we mentioned last quarter, we experienced unusually strong demand in our set-top box business, driven by satellite operators continuing to promote HD services and strong set-top box sales driven by the cable card transition.  In our broadband modem business, we experienced much stronger than expected demand for both cable and DSL modems in the second quarter. We had record revenue in our cable modem business due to strong DOCSIS 2.0 demand and in DSL, we had record unit shipments, driven mainly by growth in the central office and increased deployment of VDSL 2.  We shipped our first cable modem product in 1997 and over 10 years later, the cable modem market is still generating strong revenue growth.  As we look into 2009, we see opportunity for growth within the cable modem business, driven by the emergence of DOCSIS 3.0 multi 100-megabit services for Internet access and IT video delivery.  Although broadband communications typically experiences muted demand in the back half of the year, we estimate that the revenue growth in our emerging product categories, such as digital TV and Blu-Ray disc, which are seasonally oriented product areas, will offset a decline in some of the transition-driven set-top box demand weve been experiencing, leading to modest overall growth for that business.  Moving to our wireless offerings, our mobile and wireless businesses grew 15% on a sequential basis and 56% year over year. This revenue growth in the second quarter was primarily driven by a seasonal rebound in our Bluetooth and wireless LAN product lines, along with strength in GPS for personal navigation device and cellular applications.  In the cellular area, our team remains focused execution. Were making excellent progress toward each of the various process [gates] required to go to production with our customers. We remain excited about what we have to offer in the baseband area and more importantly on the entire cellular platform as it moves beyond a voice only device to incorporate multimedia and multiple forms of wireless communications.  We continue to invest in this area and once our customers begin shipping products incorporating our silicon, well talk more about them.  In wireless LAN, revenue came in much stronger than expected in the second quarter, growing over 20% sequentially and over 40% year over year, driven by strength across numerous segments of the wireless LAN market.  Most of our growth in the quarter was driven by increased sales into client applications for both 802.11g and n, and growth within embedded applications. Our wireless line announcements in the quarter included expansion of our 802.11n wireless LAN product line into the enterprise access point market, leveraging our leading enterprise switch position and our fast-path networking software.  Lower cost 802.11n solutions to accelerate the adoption of n technologies into dual band routers and USB adapters for consumers to connect PCs, TVs, set-top boxes, personal video recorder and other devices to their home network.  We are also pleased to announce that you can now find our single chip n product, the BCM4322 in notebooks from leading PC manufacturers on sale today via the web.  Our Bluetooth revenue in the quarter grew over 20% sequentially, driven by strength in each of the target markets we participate in -- audio, embedded, mobile, and PC products.  Within the audio headset space, one of our tier one OEMs now has products incorporating Broadcom's BCM 2044 on store shelves. In addition, we started shipping production volumes of our BCM 2044 to Motorola for use in forthcoming products that will be available on retail store shelves in the coming months.  These designs are the result of our ongoing partnership with Motorola and are a good indication of the strong reception we are seeing for our line of dedicated headset solutions, which we launched in early 2007.  In the cellular phone market, weve achieved a significant milestone in the second quarter, with higher revenues coming from our combination Bluetooth plus FM part than from our standalone Bluetooth solutions. We believe this clearly shows how strong customer interest is for our converged communications products.  We hope to continue this momentum into the future as later this evening, youll see a press release from us announcing that we have commenced production shipments of our triple play part, which is Bluetooth plus FM plus wireless LAN for portable media and cellular handset applications, and then those applications will appear on retail shelves in the third and fourth quarters.  To date, weve shipped nearly a million units, as this product begins what we believe to be a very strong ramp.  Our leading position in Bluetooth, wireless LAN, GPS, and other communications features places Broadcom in an ideal position to benefit as the market for these converged communications products continues to expand.  With respect to our GPS product line, we experienced strong revenue growth in the second quarter, selling our solutions into personal navigation device and cellular applications. We are also proud to have ranked at the top of the latest GPS vendor matrix analysis from ABI. The vendor matrix is an analytical tool developed by ABI Research to examine vendors positions in specific markets.  Moving on to the legal front, with respect to events in the near-term related to Qualcomm, we have a pending motion against Qualcomm in the District Court of Santa Ana for what we believe are violations by Qualcomm of the District Courts injunction.  Regarding SiRF, in May we filed four additional claims of infringement against SiRF Technology related to its Centrality Titan multimedia processors and SiRF Star 3 receivers. On June 13th, the ITC issued an initial determination that first, Broadcom did not infringe two of SiRFs patents; and secondly, that certain claims of one of the patents were not valid.  And lastly, on August 8th, we should receive an initial determination from the ITC on whether SiRF is infringing on four of our patents relating to the improving global position system processing and sensitivity.  Were now ready to take your questions. Jamie, may we have the first question, please?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from James Schneider from Goldman Sachs. 
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. I guess to start off, Eric, could you start off by giving us a little bit more color around the magnitude of gross margin decline you expect for Q3? I know you said more in line with the products historical range but can you give us a little bit more quantification on that, please?
Eric K. Brandt: We are a good solid point and change above our historical range. We believe that we will move back to that range in Q3, and thats driven again principally by the fact that we had some very positive mix in Q2, and as we begin to ship more and more of our 65-nanometer parts, which as I think weve said in the past are really designed for time to market and not designed for lowest cost or margin, we will see some impact from that.  As those chips rev out cost and as we move forward, well see that begin to bounce back but as we move that with new chips, as Scott mentioned, for instance, on the 4325, at least initially well see some impact on that. 
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: So then going forward into Q4, would you expect directionally, which way?
Eric K. Brandt: We dont provide any guidance for Q4 at this point in time. It really depends on how our mix fills up in the book for Q4 and I dont have any visibility, really, sufficient visibility today to give you a picture on that. 
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Okay, fair enough. And then just moving to the switching business, I know you talked about in the past the switching business being seasonally strongest in the first half. You talked about some of the factors that would allow growth in Q3, but if you look out into the back half in general, do you think you will see growth in the switching business?
Eric K. Brandt: We only give guidance for Q3, so I cant comment on the full second half. But in general, the reason you get the first half increase and step-up in the growth is because the capital budgets are generally released and they tend to spend them in the first half of the year.  I think what we are seeing anecdotally from a number of customers is that increased Internet traffic due to applications like Facebook and YouTube, video going over the Internet, and just richer content, and potentially the increase of 3G phones is really gearing up a lot of the Internet traffic and we are seeing the build-out not only of the broadband links to support that but more importantly, the infrastructure in the backhaul in order to cover for that, and thats what we believe is driving the growth. 
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: And then just lastly, whats your expectation currently about the cable and satellite set-top box business in Q3? 
Scott A. McGregor: Normally the second half does tend to be weaker than the first half seasonally, but were seeing a couple of things going on here. One is the cable card transition is driving a strong growth. As people see the commercials on TV, that their analog TV is going away, they can not only buy cable cards, which we are happy to provide the silicon for, but also if they move to cable or satellite, they can also avoid the transition. And so we believe thats driving some of the demand in that space. 
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS: Thanks. Scott, a couple of questions for you; you described your 10-gig controllers as performing well. Can you just talk abut what [inaudible] device, what device class is the majority of this demand? And any comments on what you are seeing on the competitive environment, that would be helpful, please. 
Scott A. McGregor: Im sorry, the last question? 
Uche Orji - UBS: The competitive environment. 
Scott A. McGregor: Weve done really well with our 10-gig products. I would say were seeing a fair amount of deployment into data center and into the higher end server market. Thats where the 10-gig is going to initially pick up. Back plane applications are very strong and relatively short distance. Copper is not picking up as fast as optical KR and so forth, and we do expect copper to pick up over time but again, the optical seems to be leading the charge here.  But again, as people need higher connectivity and higher speed connectivity for their network servers, we believe thats going to pretty rapidly increase the adoption rate of 10-gig.  In terms of competitors, you know, theres always competitors out there. Theres start-ups and theres a few larger players. We think our 65-nanometer products are very competitive in this space, and absolutely solid [FI] technology and other things, so we believe we are competitively in a strong position. 
Uche Orji - UBS: You didnt comment on your digital TV business. What are you seeing in terms of LCD TV demand? And if you can give any color, I know you are not going to give guidance for Q4 but in terms of how you expect the rest of the year to play out, this was an area that we expected to see some strong growth for you, so can you just tell us how that business performed then in terms of what you expect for the rest of the year on TV?
Scott A. McGregor: We previously identified digital television as a growth area for us in 2008 and I dont see any reason thats going to change. Its a good area for us. We continue to get additional penetration into our existing customers and we have other customers coming online. I think also in the DTV market, were going to see more store branded products and we have an opportunity to penetrate those as well. So I think thats a good market.  Also, just an interesting perspective from my history in the consumer electronics business, theres often an interesting phenomena that happens in economic downturns, or times of uncertainty, is that people will sometimes cancel their family vacation and buy a new TV set instead, and so well have to see if that bears out this time but it could also influence some of the overall industry. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Right, and then just lastly on WiFi, can you just talk to me, or can you just let us now how the blended pricing trends were this quarter and in terms of how that will play out in Q3? And in terms of g versus n, shipments to notebooks primarily g, or will n crossover soon?
Eric K. Brandt: We havent provided an exact timeframe in terms of when n is going to crossover with respect to g. As Scott mentioned in his script, we did see very nice growth in the quarter, mainly on the client side for both n and g, but I still think g as a total is larger than n for our total business.  In terms of ASP declines, I dont have that at my fingertips. Give me a call on the inside afterwards and we could talk about that. 
Uche Orji - UBS: All right, will do. Thank you. 
Scott A. McGregor: Ill just make one observation though that the single chip n we think is going to really drive demand for n going forward. Were finally getting to the point where the penalty from a board space point of view and other things is getting negligible, and we believe that the PC companies will pretty much switch over to n, as they are doing right now, and I think there will be a pretty good transition over to n over the next year. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Eric, the color you gave on gross margin was helpful. Can you give us any sort of metric or idea on how we can think about new product versus old products, as that seems to be a primary driver in your mix for what happens with gross margin?
Eric K. Brandt: What typically happens, and let me just be clear on the gross margin, the range I gave excludes the impact of Verizon, so based on the revenue range, youd be somewhere around 130 to 140 basis points needs to be added to that for Verizon, just so that Im clear.  The way to think about it, if you remember back on analyst day, we showed a chart that typically as our revenue begins to ramp, we begin to see some pressure to the gross margin. And it can swing a point or change more related to that. There are other things, obviously, like fab capacity and other things that impact it as well. And as I said, as we sort of move to 65-nanometer and we see some additional new products, which are fairly large and havent been die-shrunk to the level we would like them to, there will be some margin pressure for those new products.  They are highly integrated devices. They are competitively advantaged and they are gaining market share, and as I said, we very much focus on getting them to market fast and then driving the cost out of them over time.  So I think well see that effect in the back half of the year, certainly Q3 and again, Ill have a better picture for Q4 when we get through Q3. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Can you give us just an idea how to quantify that? Maybe just what 65-nanometer represented in say the first and second quarters and what you think it might represent in the third?
Eric K. Brandt: Well, it represents -- it comes off of a small base, so its sort of single-digit percentage in Q2 in terms of our revenue and it will probably double off of that, again off of a small base into Q3, so its moving fairly quickly. And obviously as I mentioned, well be driving additional revisions of the chips to drive cost out of them to follow. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then one clarification on the OpEx side of things -- that increase of $15 million to $20 million sequentially that I think you said, is that inclusive or exclusive of the ESO step-up? And is that overall, no one-timers in addition to it?
Eric K. Brandt: Its exclusive of the stock option expense, which is a normal rollover effect. And then in terms of one-times, I dont know of any one-timers in Q3 that I would attribute to that. So what we tried to do is peel out all of the things that we mentioned again in Q1, with the one difference being the DNO impact, which swings wildly. It can have an expense one quarter and have a credit another quarter, based on the actual amount of expenditure in a quarter and reimbursement received. So we thought we would call that out so that you could see how that was swinging back and forth.  Great, and then the last question on the revenue line, this might be for Scott -- in your experience with Asia-based customers, especially in the enterprise and networking segment, does that revenue from that region tend to be choppier than other regions, more smooth than other regions? And I guess the core underlying question is the sustainability of Asian driven demand for enterprise networking equipment. 
Scott A. McGregor: I dont think its so much enterprise networking driven equipment. Its more service provider, and so let me clarify that, and I dont think we have that much track record of the service providers really deploying a broad base of new broadband customers. I think thats a relatively new phenomena and I see that as something that is potentially ongoing here and should help us out. Its hard to forecast in what the macroeconomic situation is going to be worldwide but I do believe the service provider deployment of broadband to customers around the developing world is going to be a big growth factor. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Ellis with Citigroup. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Thank you, and Scott, the TV comment on a slowing macro environment was truly a silver lining. As I look at the gross margin commentary, Eric, commenting on gross margins being up in the second quarter, you said there were some cost initiatives that were at play there. Can you go into more detail on what that was?
Eric K. Brandt: We have a variety of cost initiatives that we undertake which relate to -- they can relate to packaging, they can relate to the design of the individual chips, et cetera, things that we do in terms of negotiation with our fabs.  When we go into a year, we typically have a cost improvement target for our ops group and they execute against that cost improvement target and we saw the benefit from that. So thats what I mean in terms of cost improvement for the quarter. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: And Eric, is that a one-time item or does that provide some benefit against which youd still see the 65-nanometer issue and therefore guidance for gross margins to be down about 100 basis points sequentially? 
Eric K. Brandt: Well, again I didnt give a specific number but be that as it may, it is an ongoing benefit. It continues. We have ongoing benefit that occurs this year, next year, et cetera, in terms of driving the cost of -- on the COGS side of things. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay. 
Eric K. Brandt: I mean, again, we have been fortunate that our gross margins have been substantially higher, and -- meaningfully higher is probably a better way to say it than what our range has been, and what we are talking about is moving back to our historic range. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay, got it. Scott, you mentioned the triple play product. Can you provide some further color on how broad-based the design-in activity is there and any further color on how we can think about revenue potential?
Scott A. McGregor: Certainly. The product was originally designed to work in cellular phones, because its very low power, very compact, so the advantage to the customer is its a small product, low power consumption, and one of the things were finding thats particularly attractive to customers is that it solves the integration problem of getting all the different radios to work between Bluetooth and wireless LAN and even FM Radio. Its getting that not just from a single vendor but integrated on a single chip, pre-solves a lot of the radio integration issues you would have. And so as a result, we have seen a broad appeal of this product in a variety of spaces -- portable media players, into devices like PCs. Its a very attractive device for PCs that incorporate both Bluetooth and wireless LAN. They dont really need the FM radio. Thats not something they would normally spec but simply the fact that it pre-integrates wireless LAN and Bluetooth is quite compelling in that space as well, so a broad applicability there. It could also be applicable to game boxes and other things, basically any device that includes both wireless LAN and Bluetooth is going to be a target market for us on that. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: And so do we see a meaningful impact on the revenue line in the second half of this year, or are you seeing design-ins that really lead more to material revenues for next year?
Scott A. McGregor: I think you will start seeing revenues on that the latter part of this year. I did mention that were just announcing the product today and we will have shipped over -- lets see, about a million units of the product, so we believe theres a pretty good ramp possible with that product. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay, thanks, Scott. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda with Banc of America. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Eric, a question for you; in terms of just overall thinking about the incremental spending on the baseband side of things, how should we think about that? Is the pace of spending going to moderate going forward versus where you were at? And if you could help quantify that to some extent. 
Eric K. Brandt: Sure. So we spend about 45% of our R&D on wireless technologies and about 55% on wired technology, give or take. We have said in the past about a quarter of our R&D spend is in the cellular base. Its really mobile platforms, which includes mobile multimedia and some other things, and power management as well.  I think if you look at the R&D spending in terms of how its changed over time, and you were to take out the bonus accrual, you were to take out the stock-based compensation, and the annual merit increase, you would see that the step-up between Q1 and Q2 is sort of low- to mid-single-digit millions of dollars.  And so that gives you a sense of sort of the stabilization and cost control initiatives on the R&D line, which I think are quite good. So we expect those to continue and I think given where we are and sort of the performance on the revenue side and the fact that weve under-spent through the first half of the year relative to what we projected, there are some opportunities to drive additional revenue into next year that we thought were important enough to invest an incremental, depending on how you count it, point or 0.5% of the spend. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Okay, and then this description that you just gave encompasses any incremental masked cost flowing through the R&D line?
Eric K. Brandt: Yes, it does. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Okay. Thats all I have. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Luke from Lehman Brothers. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Congratulations on the strong revenue in the quarter and the guidance. With respect to the revenue, was there any contribution there from the royalties from Qualcomm, or has that been finalized yet, Eric, as to what there may be there?
Eric K. Brandt: No, Tim, theres been no finalization yet. Its still hanging on the balance sheet. I think weve got another $9 million this quarter, $8 million or $9 million this quarter, which went up on the balance sheet. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: And just to clarify, there seems to be some confusion on the OpEx guide -- could you just give what the total OpEx rise is likely to be, inclusive of the different elements that you had there, on a pro forma and on a GAAP basis?
Eric K. Brandt: I cant do it on a pro forma basis. What I said was I think that there will be between $15 million and $20 million, so if we take the midpoint of 17.5, plus 9 to 11 related to the ESO piece on a GAAP basis, that would be 10, so -- you pick the midpoint of the two, that would be 27 on a GAAP basis for OpEx, of which we said about of that is legal expense. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: And just to go to the gross margin line, the key catalyst for the gross margin decline, can you just define again how much you expect it to be down, including and excluding Verizon? Its mix, essentially. 
Eric K. Brandt: So take the Verizon piece out, the Verizon piece accounts for about 140 basis points of gross margin in this quarter, so youd have to take that out, so I dont count that. And so Im just using product-based gross margin and the range that we had used before when we were using non-GAAP metrics was 50 to 52. If you assume about a half a point in there for stock-based compensation, give or take, thats where you get the 49.5 to 51.5, because you have to take that out. So thats the number weve used.  If you take the number that we had this quarter, 53.8, and you take out 140 basis points, youre at 52.4, and so -- 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: So youve got like a 200 basis point decline sequentially?
Eric K. Brandt: Again, remember what I said -- forget about Verizon for a minute, okay? So look at it excluding Verizon. So if you take 53.8, take out 1.4, youre at 52.4. And what Im saying is that instead of 52.4, were more likely to be in the range that weve typically seen of 49.5 to 51.5 on a GAAP basis. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: But youve got stronger revenue -- I cant recall you having such a strong gross margin decline for a while. Anything else, or more importantly, how do you think it shapes for the next few quarters? Is that the level we should think about?
Eric K. Brandt: Well again, I think weve always said that when our gross margin is above our targeted range, that we dont view that thats sustainable and that we benefit from certain periods of time where thats the case. And then we said that our ongoing targeted range, again adjusting for the stock-based compensation, is 49.5 to 51.5, and we think that thats what it is on an ongoing basis and we think its prudent to use that as a basis for how youd think about the business.  If you look at last quarter, on a similar basis we were 53.4. We were about closer to 1.5 points, but you would take it out, wed be 52 without Verizon last quarter. We thought the gross margin would come down a little bit. It actually went up, so the trend I think is sort of a pop-up this quarter and then back to what we thought it would do based on last quarter. So it looks a lot bigger than what it is, based on the movement in the positive direction this quarter perhaps than it might otherwise be. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Lastly, if I may, the shape of OpEx to plan for the next few quarters, should we think about similar metrics of 15 to 20, or -- 
Eric K. Brandt: No, not necessarily. I think that -- remember, we did 13 to 18 in Q4; we did 12, so were a million below the range. We did 13 to 18 in Q1; we did 11, so we were two below the range. And we did 13 to 18 in Q2, and we did five, so we were eight below the range. I think when you look at that trend below the range, and if you use the midpoint, obviously, that number goes up $3 million or $4 million off of that. I think we feel that we may have under spent a little bit and there are some significant opportunities for the new products were introducing that we want to take advantage of in light of the additional revenue and profitability that the company has. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Randy Abrams from Credit Suisse. 
Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse: Good afternoon. I wanted to see if you could elaborate on the additional spending for new product lines, maybe talk about what areas you are actually pulling in some of the expenditures?
Scott A. McGregor: There are a lot of opportunities across the company and we use that for basically acquiring additional customers for some of the products that weve already fielded here, so weve gotten very, very attractive customer pick-up on some of these and so it will just enable us to support some additional customers to support the demand were seeing. So this isnt speculative investment. This will turn into a return in a fairly short period of time. 
Eric K. Brandt: Interestingly enough, I mean, the investment probably is more centered in places weve seen the upside; places like broadband, like networking, and like wireless connectivity. 
Scott A. McGregor: Yeah, a great example -- Ill give you one example. I cant detail it all for you but one example is we have seen unprecedented demand from customers for these combination chips and we are getting some new customers and some additional opportunities in existing customers. And frankly, we need some engineers just to help them get the product up and running and get it designed in and so forth. And so thats some of the investment were looking at making here, and again we believe thats a very prudent investment and delivers a fairly short return on investment -- a quick return on investment. 
Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse: Okay, I wanted to ask a couple of questions on the wireless side -- what traction are you seeing with your video core product? And then the touch screen controller, theres a notable win out there, but I want to see how meaningful a contributor you see it and how much you think design wins can [inaudible] at other customers?
Scott A. McGregor: I cant really talk about that particular customer very much, so youll have to maybe ask them about their forecasts and get some more light on that.  In terms of the video core chip, its a fantastic solution. We have some major design wins with that chip and as they begin to come to market, well certainly talk about them more. So were excited about that. I think the whole notion of video processors being able to do that quality of video processing at that low a power, I think to be able to turn a cell phone into an HD video camcorder is quite compelling, and so we do believe that will see adoption in a significant quantity of devices going forward. But again, I apologize; I cant be more specific on that. Certainly as those products get closer to rolling out, or start rolling out, we can say more. 
Randy Abrams - Credit Suisse: Okay, and one last question on DOCSIS 3.0, you touched on it. I want to see how meaningful you expect it to be as a replacement cycle, or an ASP cycle? And then how do you feel youre positioned for that transition?
Scott A. McGregor: I think DOCSIS 3.0 is going to be more a next-year event. Its just beginning to come up in some cable lab certifications. We have CMTS devices out there right now and working with the major players to do that. I think this year the growth is really going to be DOCSIS 2.0 driven; next year well see DOCSIS 3.0 and yes, thats a step up in silicon value as you go to hundreds of megabits per second, a much higher performance there, not that you can really get that. But we think DOCSIS 2.0 still has a fair amount of legs on it. Certainly for the balance of this year, it will be the bulk of the shipments. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Shawn Webster with J.P. Morgan. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Good afternoon. Thank you very much. Can you give us your sense when you look at the landscape of your customers how channel inventories are faring, if theres any areas that are a concern or what your visibility is into your various channels that you sell into?
Scott A. McGregor: Its certainly a question we ask. Broadcom generally doesnt sell through distributors like some of our competitors do, and so we dont see some of the surges and various things because of that. We have I think in the low, mid-teens percent of our revenue goes through distributors, and most of those are not even stocking distributors, so they are just fulfillment distributors.  So for our business, we do look closely at inventories. You know, its interesting -- we would say maybe there are a few customers that maybe are a little ahead of themselves, but there are also some customers that are just beginning ramps, and so we dont see anything unusual in terms of inventory in the channel right now and in fact, it looks relatively lean out there. And I know we watch that very closely, given the economic uncertainty, but we see fairly normal inventories in our customers right now. We watch that carefully and to the best extent that is factored into our guidance for the third quarter. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: And have you experienced any particular product categories that have tightened up in terms of your ability to supply them, or any areas that are loosening up in terms of your ability to supply?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, we always have ebbs and flows in any product business. There was a PC cycle that was delayed, which caused some surge in demand for some of the older products, so we see some of that. There was some tightness in the foundry market for a little while, in the last few months but we see that easing up a bit.  So in general, I would say theres no particular trend thats driving our product business at this point. The primary influences in our business going forward are the product cycles and our customer product cycles. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and did you have any 10% customers in the quarter?
Eric K. Brandt: We dont discuss the 10% customers, except on an annual basis. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and then last one, can you give us any guidance for your share count and tax rate, and also maybe share with us what you think your diluted share count excluding options were in Q2?
Eric K. Brandt: Excluding options in Q2 -- well, first of all, let me deal with tax rate. I can give you the answer on the share count in an second here. On tax rate, we have said on a pro forma basis to use 10%. In the quarter, we essentially had a zero tax rate, principally driven by the fact that what you do with tax rate is you estimate it every quarter for the full year, and if youve accrued more than you thought you needed, as we did in Q1, and principally driven by international mix, then in fact we actually had less.  So our cash tax typically runs in the 3% to 4% range, typically on a GAAP basis. On a pro forma basis, we have told everybody to use 10.  In terms of share count on a diluted basis, as I mentioned we were 530 million shares; on a non-diluted basis, on a basic basis, on a GAAP basis, were about 513 million shares. That number should be roughly constant on a basic basis because obviously that doesnt account for treasury method, subject to any share repurchase the company might decide to do in the future. In fact since the high watermark of probably Q2 -- excuse me, Q4 of 06, which is almost 550 million shares, were down 6% on a basic basis. On a diluted basis, which had some treasury method movement, since Q1 of 06 were down almost 12% in share count on a GAAP basis. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ruben Roy from Pacific Crest Securities.
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks. Eric, can you talk at all about lead times, what they were this quarter and how that compares to the historical mean?
Eric K. Brandt: Its probably better of Scott were to -- 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. 
Scott A. McGregor: You mean lead times from us to our customers or -- 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Yes, yes. 
Scott A. McGregor: I would say they had gone up earlier this year and while there was some tightness in supply for wafers in the foundries, but I think again that is probably softening up a little bit right now. 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, and then Scott, you talked a bunch about 10-gig on todays call, 10-gig ethernet. Is that becoming material in terms of your enterprise networking business? I.E., is it close to 10% of the revenues in that business?
Scott A. McGregor: No, no, its not. Thats going to be more of a phenomena next year, I think. Right now, its going to be in relatively small numbers in the higher end back planes and some of the customers who are just really -- speed and latency are really critical for them. Latency, it turns out, is an interesting driver where, for example, financial packages and other things, where they really care about shaving off those milliseconds to get a better [trade], but thats going to be more of a phenomena next year as more customers deploy that into their mainstream boxes. 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Berenbaum from Cowen & Company. 
Daniel Berenbaum - Cowen & Company: Thanks for taking my call. Just to go back to the litigation a little bit; on Verizon, if the Verizon acquisition of Alltel goes through, are there any adjustments to the royalty stream there? And then, youre obviously spending a lot of money on litigation in the upcoming quarter, a big step up there. Do you have any visibility on when you might see some of that royalty revenue from Qualcomm start to flow through the P&L?
Scott A. McGregor: So there were a few questions there. As Eric mentioned, we put the monies we received from Qualcomm on our balance sheet subject to questioning some of the accounting for that, and so I dont have a specific answer on when that would fall into the P&L from the balance sheet, but presumably at some point it could.  In terms of the Alltel situation, I cant really comment on that. Certainly it does increase the overall subscriber base of Verizon but I cant comment specifically on the contract terms that might apply to that. 
Daniel Berenbaum - Cowen & Company: Great. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Benjamin from Jefferies & Company. 
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: Thanks, guys. You saw some very strong growth, better than normal seasonality in the June quarter. As you look at those results, do you think that you benefited from share gains or do you potentially see some potentially pull-in from the typically normal, better seasonality of the September quarter? I was hoping maybe you could quantify that, maybe by specific segment. 
Scott A. McGregor: Well, I think it would be hard to give you the specific detail you are looking for, but in general I would say weve definitely seen some share gains. We have an investment weve made over the last couple of years in technology and I believe were seeing some of the fruits of that, definitely. Weve got very competitive products out there and it feels to me like were winning a lot more than weve won in the past. Thats just a personal observation but I think were definitely taking some share.  Certainly there are also some product cycles that are benefiting us; the cable card conversion is one. I mentioned the worldwide increase in ethernet traffic and Internet traffic certainly as something that were a strong beneficiary in. Richer content -- so you know, those are trends that are driving us here and I believe contributing to it, so its broad-based. I dont see it as particular customers getting ahead of each other. That doesnt feel like whats going on to me right now. 
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: So specifically on Bluetooth and wireless LAN, you saw sequential increases at 20%. Typically in terms of the normal seasonality, September is stronger. Should we expect that similar growth to continue?
Scott A. McGregor: I cant give you specific numbers on that but we have said that we expect to see those grow going forward and thats comprehended in our guidance number overall for the company. 
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: But it wouldnt be unreasonable to see the similar growth Q2 to Q3, as you just saw?
Scott A. McGregor: I cant comment on specific numbers for those products, but we do have that overall factored into our company guidance for Q3. 
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: And then just one last question, Eric, maybe for you, on the 65-nanometer -- as you look out as to what youve already spent en masse costs, can you give some rough percentage where you stand there? And then going forward, when do you really expect to see some benefit on the gross margin side from that big investment?
Eric K. Brandt: Well again, Im not sure what you mean by -- maybe I can back up. What do you mean by the percentage of 65-nanometer? Are you talking about in terms of the masks that were doing?
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: The mass that youve already spent and what you need to spend going forward.
Eric K. Brandt: Well, I think were through much of the major R&D pieces and now were moving to more production cycle, as we would with additional combo chips. So I would say, as we said in the analyst day last year, we thought that we would see a bump this year and that it would normalize next year, in terms of mask costs. So I think were seeing some of that in terms of as we look at cost control across the year.  In terms of the 65-nanometer cost impact, remember that 65-nanometer is still fairly high up on the cost curve as it relates to mixed signal devices and the kind of devices we have, and as that moves down the cost curve, just as the FAS will benefit from that as well, and we track those costs as well. In addition, as we shrink the die sizes of a variety of these chips and make them more efficient, well get the benefit of gross margin on that as well.  So again, I think that we are clearly designing these chips to get them to market, to gain market share, to remove socket from devices, as we have done with all of the businesses and create combo chips which increase our market share and revenue, and you are seeing it on the revenue line. And so I think the right way to think about this is that with revenue comes some pressure to gross margin and as we step up and stabilize again, the gross margin drifts back up. That is just a general, sinusoidal trend or delayed trend between the revenue and the gross margin line typically for our company.  So hard to give you an answer rolling into next year, et cetera, because it really depends on the mix of devices and which ones are new and which ones are sort of next generation of an existing device. 
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: Thats helpful. Thanks a lot, guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Allan Mishan from Oppenheimer Funds. 
Allan Mishan - Oppenheimer: Nice job on the revenues. Can you help us understand the growth, specifically in Bluetooth that you experienced in Q2? Certainly there was some pressure on high-end handsets during the quarter but of course, youre experiencing some share gain. So how much of that growth do you think was share related and how much is it just units for Bluetooth and handsets and so forth?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, its hard to say until we see everyone else report and we can get a good sense of what the total market looked like. But in general, I would say that we definitely -- it feels like we gained share, and partly thats because were ramping still in some new customers. Were not done ramping into a lot of those. We currently ship in four of the top five handset makers and quite a large number of the rest.  Were beginning to ramp also into the headsets, which I mentioned earlier in the call, and I think that will be growth driver for us over the course of the next year. And then I think something that just benefits the whole market is that the penetration of Bluetooth in the cell phone space and in PCs is going up, so if that ratchets up say from 50% to 60% of the total units, thats on such a large base, that can still drive significant growth, even if the handset growth is not as fast as it might be. You are certainly going to see still good Bluetooth growth. 
Allan Mishan - Oppenheimer: Okay, great. And then for Eric, on the OpEx side, youve discussed some additional investments being made in Q3. What would you say is sort of the normal, discretionary increase that you would expect to add, excluding effects on stock options, excluding step-ups for bonus accruals? I think in the past you had once given sort of a $7 million to $9 million level. What is the level as you believe it today?
Eric K. Brandt: What Ive said in the past was that the company historically has grown plus or minus a point or so about 5% to 6% sequentially in terms of OpEx, and that what we were going to do this year is try very hard on a discretionary basis to get that number down to 2% to 3%.  I think that we are pretty darn close to that. I mean again, excluding stock option expense, were spending about $400 million on a cash basis in SG&A and in R&D, and so 2% to 3% would be $8 million to $12 million. And I think that if you look at the last three quarters, thats what you see.  Now, theres been a bigger piece of increase on the legal side, certainly as it relates to the additional cases with SiRF and some of the ongoing things with Qualcomm, but I think we are seeing, and what we focused most on is the R&D line, and I think were seeing that kind of growth. Again, if we see sort of -- if you use again, excluding stock option expensing, you get down to a number thats around $290 million in R&D. And that number, with a mid-single-digit growth rate in terms of discretionary spend, is a pretty good number. And I think that we would like to hold it in the 2% to 3% range. I think to the extent that weve been below that, well take advantage of opportunities to drive additional revenue.  As Scott mentioned, the interest for a number of the parts we have that had customers is increasing and the applications related engineering work is important to actually drive additional revenue into next year. And we feel that given the performance weve had, its a smart investment, particularly given weve under spent in the first half of the year. 
Allan Mishan - Oppenheimer: Okay, thanks very much for the color. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Srini Pajjuri from Merrill Lynch. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Eric, just a couple of clarifications; first on the gross margin, as your new products ramp in the next few quarters, whats the risk that the gross margins could call below your long-term range?
Eric K. Brandt: I have no basis to believe that thats the case. I mean, this has been a normal phenomenon for the company. I dont know and I havent been here long enough to know whether weve actually seen gross margins dip below that range for any period of time. So I think that its the normal -- again, its sort of the normal swing.  If I go back again to what we thought would happen in Q1, at 53.4 minus the Verizon piece, which was again about 1.4, 1.5, it would be 51.9, 52. And if the guidance range again including stock-based comp is 49.5 to 51.5, we were half a point above, and we thought that we would drop between Q1 and Q2.  Because weve seen the pop-up in Q2, and sort of talking about the range, I think this is a normal trend back to our range, which we have been talking about I think for almost a year, and I think as we see the new products begin to ramp, thats when you begin to see it hit the gross margin line. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Okay, got it. And then on the OpEx, you said you have some legal expenses going up this quarter. Im just wondering if they are a one quarter, one-time issue or is this going to continue for a few quarters?
Eric K. Brandt: It really depends, right? I mean, we have a number of cases that go and they tend to be mix-centric related to whats going to trial and whats in front of a judge and they tend to increase in expense at that point in time.  The other thing is it depends on whether you can settle these cases. Our preference would be to settle these cases and make them go away. To the extent that that would be the case, we would actually see that expense fall off. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Okay, got it. And then Scott, one for you; I guess especially in the broadband, given that that business has grown north of 50% sequentially, if you look at the history of that business, we are seeing these boom/bust cycles in the past. My concern is that obviously give the macro backdrop that there could be some potential inventory build somewhere, so my question is how much visibility do we have, especially at your customers that this is not a one-time or unusual order and that this is going to sustain into the next couple of quarters? Thank you.
Scott A. McGregor: Were very sensitive to that. Certainly weve seen that happen in previous years, and so we constantly ask ourselves that and we work with our customers, and in many cases their customers as well to try and ascertain what the true underlying demand is. And overall, we need to be vigilant, we need to look at it, but it feels like a broader phenomena than that, and it doesnt feel like one or two customers getting ahead of themselves. It doesnt feel like that. It feels like a broader phenomena, a broader trend, a positive.  Certainly the cable card conversion is a factor, but thats not a one quarter phenomena. That should continue for a while. Again, none of us have experience on that one so well have to see how long that one plays out. But again, it doesnt feel like some of the one-time events we saw in some previous years. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaw Wu from American Technology. 
Shaw Wu - American Technology Research: Thanks. I would like to go back to your revenue guidance. So taking the midpoint of the range, its around 6% sequential growth. Im just wondering if you could help us a little bit more in terms of your three reported business segments, which ones would be at or above or below that range? Thanks. 
Scott A. McGregor: I think what I said was that I thought that broadband would be modest growth, and that we would see pretty good growth in enterprise networking and certainly in the mobile and wireless area, as we sort of get the seasonal growth. So I think with that qualitative backdrop, you can probably draw the conclusion. 
Shaw Wu - American Technology Research: Okay, now what is seasonal growth in mobile and wireless? I mean, I look at -- I mean, specifically for Broadcom over the last couple of years, you know, the last year was very strong, up 13%; a year before it was down 10%, so just what is normal seasonal growth? Is it around the midpoint?
Eric K. Brandt: Last year, as I recall, we went from 898 to 950, so I dont think thats 13%. Q2 to Q3, is that correct, Peter? Were just talking about wireless. 
Shaw Wu - American Technology Research: Yeah, mobile and wireless, yeah. 
Eric K. Brandt: We have the number. Hang on one second. If you go back over the last three years, not it does have a very large standard deviation around it, but over the last three year, on -- Im sorry, the last five years, since 2003, the average growth in the third quarter from our mobile and wireless category has been around 19%, with a very large standard deviation, however. Its ranged anywhere from down 8.2% to up 44.6%, so its a very, very broad range in there. 
Shaw Wu - American Technology Research: Okay, and then just on your networking business, I guess specifically your switching business, could you help us with a little more color in terms of the type of applications thats driving that growth? What types of deployments? Thanks.
Scott A. McGregor: I think if you look at the different spaces, enterprise, data center clients, service providers and so forth, I would focus on service providers as being the biggest growth factor in that. And we believe its due to backhaul and increased overall Internet traffic. 
Shaw Wu - American Technology Research: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Just a follow-up on the ethernet switching side; if I got it correctly, you identified the few factors that is driving the growth -- infrastructure build-up in Asia and your market share in SMB and a software component, which you are adding. Can you help us understand which part will be the growth driver in the second half into next year, and which part is kind of saturating?
Scott A. McGregor: I dont think any of those three that you mentioned are saturating over the course of the next year and wed expect all of those to contribute to growth. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, and one quick question on the ethernet controller side, you said that server segment was strong but on the PC side, your market share decline, has that stabilized?
Scott A. McGregor: Yes, it has. 
Mahesh Sanganeria - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Dryden from Charter Equity Research.
John Dryden - Charter Equity Research: Thanks for taking my question. Scott, within GPS, can you discuss the long-term expectations for the attachment rate in cellular and PNDs? And do you expect the attachment rate to be significant enough to combine with your other connectivity products?
Scott A. McGregor: I would expect the attachment rate in PNDs to be close to 100%. In cellular, I think that will go up dramatically as we see a lot of the E911 kinds of applications do that, and also some of the -- also the location based services drive that. Those are things that the carriers are getting more and more interested in.  The thing that I think has also limited the GPS penetration has been cost, as well as just the readiness of some of those applications, so as the cost of GPS comes down, which its coming down at a fairly attractive rate, partly because of companies like Broadcom doing really competitive shifts in that space, we believe that the elasticity will pick up and well see more penetration in that market.  Peter, do you have the current penetration of GPS into cell phone right now?
Peter Andrew: Its fairly low right now. I dont have -- 
Scott A. McGregor: Its fairly small but I would expect that to follow a similar path that Bluetooth did going in there. 
John Dryden - Charter Equity Research: And just a follow-up on enterprise control and the strength in server over client again -- within enterprise, is server controller now more than double client from that percent of total enterprise revenue?
Scott A. McGregor: Yeah, you are correct, the majority of our revenue from controllers for gigabit ethernet do come from server versus the client side. 
John Dryden - Charter Equity Research: Thanks for taking my questions. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wu from Global Crown Capital. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Good afternoon. Can I get some clarification on the Verizon royalty stream? If I assume that the rest of this year will be at the rate of the first two quarters, and by the end of the year, the limit on that $200 million, I think I believe it was, has been reached. Am I correct in that?
Eric K. Brandt: There will be some rollover into Q1, you know, depending on how you look at the number, whether you use 35, et cetera, it looks like it will be mid-20s, give or take, into Q1. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: The last one will be Q1? 
Eric K. Brandt: Yes. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay. I also have a quick one on your cost equation -- is the loosening up of capacity that you mentioned from the foundries, are those only 65-nanometer ones or the ones that have the older generation?
Scott A. McGregor: We generally dont participate in the foundries that have the older generation technologies, so generally our parts are in the highest volume in 0.13-nanometer and moving more to 65, so thats the part of the market that we have better visibility into. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: I see. The rumor that these wafer, price per wafer is going up coming out of Taiwan is nothing but that?
Scott A. McGregor: I cant speak to specific foundry and pricing, sorry. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Berger from FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the strong revenues. Just on the cellular piece, can you help us understand who are your 2G customers and 3G customers that youll ship to in 2008?
Scott A. McGregor: Weve announced a partnership with Nokia on 2G but we dont expect that to contribute significant revenues in 2008. Thats something we said would happen in 2009.  With Samsung, weve been working on Samsung in 3G. Were shipping with Samsung today in 3G. Were also shipping with Panasonic in 3G today in the market, and in relatively small quantities, but we have them as another 3G customer. And then we also have some legacy 2G business with some customers such as Palm. 
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Based on the design wins that you are getting now, since cell phones do take 12 to 18 months to launch into production, do you have pretty good visibility into what things will look like next year, in the second half of next year? And can you share what you think your view is of that business in aggregate?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, we used to be in the business of forecasting market share in specific quarters, but we dont believe that either we have good enough visibility to do that, nor do we want to disclose our customers launch plans. And so weve gone to a policy of well talk about our customer design wins as they roll out in the market in the cellular space. Im afraid -- I can tell you I feel like were making good progress. Weve got some fantastic customers and some fantastic products and I eagerly await being able to say more about those. 
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: Last one for me -- can you help us understand the magnitude today of digital TV, the Blu-Ray, or even the cellular businesses?
Scott A. McGregor: We havent broken that out in specific numbers. We can maybe give a little more color at analyst day on that business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Mobley from Piper Jaffray. 
Gary Mobley - Piper Jaffray: If Im not mistaken, normally when you guys sit here on your quarterly conference calls and you are giving the forward quarter guidance, you have pretty good visibility on that forward quarter, typically to the tune of 85% revenue coverage. Is that still the case this quarter?  And the second part of my question is how have orders trended so far in the month of July?
Eric K. Brandt: We clearly -- as weve said, we enter a quarter with about 80% to 90% visibility. I dont think theres really any difference to that. I think while we have 80% to 90% visibility, some things do change. We witnessed this last quarter where we gave guidance of 10.75 to 11 in the quarter and came in at 12, so things do change in a quarter but we have pretty good visibility on that.  In terms of order patterns in the quarter, we dont comment on that on an ongoing basis. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton with Needham & Company. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: This may be premature, but I just figured Id ask -- when do you think you start to see a ramp-up in the 45-nanometer design expenses? Is that more of a 2009, 2010 expense?
Eric K. Brandt: Well, its interesting -- weve already been spending money in that area. Weve actually been taping out chips at that -- more test chips, not production chips, but at that line width. 
Scott A. McGregor: But also another perspective on that -- remember Broadcom essentially skipped 90-nanometer and so for us, 65-nanometer was a fairly broad initiative across the company where we took pretty much all of our planned future chips in one go in the 65-nanometers, and so thats why you saw a significant cost for masks and for R&D in order to go do that.  I dont think 45-nanometer or 40-nanometer is going to be the same kind of model. I think that will be -- we will start off in products that most benefit from it, which is going to be the products that are just so large, you need the benefit of the scale in order to do that, or specifically need the power or the speed you get from 40- or 45-nanometer that you wouldnt be able to get from 65.  So I see that more as a gradual, rather than a big one go like we did for 65-nanometer. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Krishna Shankar from JMP Securities. 
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities: Yes, for the next quarter, you had talked about $9 million to $11 million for BNO -- can you explain what is that and is that an ongoing expense?
Eric K. Brandt: No, what I said was that 9 to 11 associated with the step-up on employee stock option expense. We grant shares in the middle of Q2, so you get part of Q2 effect, which I think as $14 million, and then you get the other half, which really appears as it wrap around in Q3.  In terms of the DNO expense, which is directors and officers insurance related to the litigation we have, and its ongoing [into the shareholder suits], what happens is we incur expenses in a quarter. It can be anywhere between -- lately between $9 million and $13 million. We can receive reimbursements in a quarter, which could be greater than that because they carry the prior quarter, or they could skip a quarter, in which case you have an expense.  So all I wanted to do was highlight to you that as we go to a cash basis, as opposed to an accrual basis, there will be a lumpiness to that that we will try to call out if its meaningful. So thats the difference, thats all. 
Scott A. McGregor: Eric, I think what happened here is basically we went to a more conservative form of accounting is really what the message is in the DNO front. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gavin Duffy from Broadpoint Capital. 
Gavin Duffy - Broadpoint Capital: Just a two-part question on wireless, and one is are you guys trying to tighten your focus a little bit and just focusing on certain handset makers and kind of sharpening the focus of the R&D dollars?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, our strategy is to focus on the top five handset makers, and so thats been our strategy for a while and that remains our strategy in that space. Not quite sure what you are referring to. 
Gavin Duffy - Broadpoint Capital: Well, Im just saying that, you know, some of the different -- either the handset makers or just different projects for wireless. Are you starting just to kind of tighten up the kind of things that you are investing the R&D dollars in?
Scott A. McGregor: I think what we are doing is focusing on execution and making sure we get our designs to market, and I think thats important for us to demonstrate traction in that space and get a good return on that investment, so thats absolutely what were focused on. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the question-and-answer session. 
Scott A. McGregor: Thank you very much. In closing, please join us for a couple more thoughts here. Before we conclude, I would like to reiterate a few things; first of all, Broadcom reported very strong second quarter results, driven by the increased role that communications is playing in our daily lives at work, home, and while mobile. The strength we experienced was across all of our targeted end markets, with growth on a year-over-year basis ranging between 16% and 56%. We have strong revenue growth and tight control of spending, and that enabled us to deliver leverage in our earnings. And finally, we do expect this growth trend to continue into the third quarter.  With that, thank you and good afternoon. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the Broadcom second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Thank you for participating and you may all disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 16:45:00) =====
Executives:  Scott McGregor - President and Chief Executive Officer Henry Samueli - Chief Technical Officer and Co Founder Eric Brandt - Chief Financial Officer Peter Andrew - Vice President of Corporate Communications
Analysts: Craig Ellis - Citi James Schneider - Goldmann Sachs Ross Seymore - Deutsche Banc Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan Daniel Berenbaum - Caris & Company Adam Benjamin - Jefferies and Company Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch Cody Acre - Stifel Nicolaus Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities Craig Berger - FBR Capitals Uche Orji - UBS Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest Securities
Operator: Welcome to Broadcom's First Quarter and Year 2008 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday April 22, 2008. Your speakers for today are Scott McGregor, Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer; Henry Samueli, Broadcom's Chief Technical Officer and Co Founder, Eric Brandt, Broadcom's Chief Financial Officer and Peter Andrew Vice President of Corporate Communications. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew. Please go ahead.
Peter Andrew - Vice President of Corporate Communications: Thank you, Kristine. During this call, we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue, gross margin, and operating expense targets for the second quarter of 2008 and any other future periods and statements about the prospects for our various businesses, market share and the development status and planned availability of new products. You should know that the guidance we provide today is based upon forecast that require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions using the information that is available to us at this time. It should be clearly understood that our actual performance and financial results may differ substantially from the forecast and the other forward-looking statements we make today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results include: among other things, general economic conditions the markets we address, and the market we address are discussed in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2007 and subsequent SEC filings. A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of todays earnings press release. As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement except as required by law. In accordance, with SEC regulations G please refer to the Investor Section of our website at www.broadcom.com for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial information discussed in this call. As well the additional historical and financial and statistical information. With that, let me now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott McGregor - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. I am pleased to report that Broadcom's results in the first quarter were quite strong and came in quite a bit better than we were anticipating due to strong demand within the enterprise networking and Broadcom Communication markets. We had record revenue in the first quarter of $1.03 billion up slightly from Q4. We generated 239 million in cash flow from operations and we repurchased $392 million worth of Broadcom's shares during the first quarter. The strength in revenue that we experienced was driven by the wireline portion of our business. Our enterprise networking and broadband communications businesses participate in a number of very large and well established end-markets that tend to experience strength in the first half of the year as capital spending budgets for the year are released. And these have been stronger than we anticipated. Despite the current economic headlines, we are not presently seeing any broad-based weakness. Our order trends remained strong throughout the first quarter and we expect continued growth in the second quarter. Key topics we'll cover in our call today include; the first quarter performance. As noted it was a strong quarter with record revenue and strong cash flow from operations. Second, our order trends throughout the first quarter. Third, our operating expense control. We've shown that when we focus on something, we can have a positive outcome. Four increase economic transparency and openness. Eric will talk more about our migration to GAAP only financials along with an analysis of our spending and business results; and finally, an update on our major target end markets with a specific discussion on our cellular business. I'll now turn the call over to Eric to talk more about our results in the first quarter and the second quarter guidance.
Eric Brandt - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Scott. This quarter, we will discuss GAAP earnings and provide all of the elements we've provided in the past such as those who run GAAP models and those who run non-GAAP models will continue to have all the relevant information. We are making this transition for a number reasons; first, we believe that our stock-based compensation expense has begun to stabilize within a more predictable range. Secondly, to demonstrate our commitment to reducing stock-based compensation expense as the percentage of our overall cost structure in the future. Third, to help facilitate easier comparison across different industries. And finally, as a leader in the semiconductor industry, we believe now is the right time given the prevailing view with regards to conversion to GAAP-oriented disclosure. Based on the fact that the guidance provided last quarter was on a non-GAAP basis and that I will endeavor to make a bridge to this on this call, my comments will be somewhat more detailed and hence longer than usual. Moving to the financial overview, we are pleased with our Q1 results. To summarize, record revenue of $1.032 billion including $35.6 million in revenue from Verizon was up 5 million or roughly 0.5% from Q4 2007 and 15% form a year ago and was well above the upper end of the range provided on our Q4 earnings call. GAAP gross margin was 53.4% up about 90 basis points from last quarter. Included in this number are the positive affect of the Verizon royalty of 170 basis points and a negative effect of stock-based compensation and amortization of purchased intangibles of 90 basis points. Total GAAP operating expense increased by 12 million over Q4. However, as noted in the press release there were a number of one-time/acquisition-related elements, which I will detail in a moment. GAAP earnings per share were $0.14. One-time and acquisition-related items represented approximately a $0.04 shift in the quarter. Excluding these one-time acquisition-related items Broadcom experienced EPS growth of roughly 38% over the prior year. Stock-based compensation in the quarter were $130 million or roughly $0.21 of earnings. Of which, approximately 79 million or 7.6 points of revenue was in R&D, 29 million or 2.8 points of revenue in SG&A, and 5 million or 0.5 points of revenue in cost of goods sold. Cash flow from operations is strong $239 million. Our cash and marketable securities on hand declined for the quarter and stood at $2.2 billion, driven down primarily by $392 million in share repurchases settled in the quarter. Moving to revenue and gross margin. In January we said that we expected Q1 revenue could be approximately 975 million to 1.005 billion assuming a $35 million royalty from Verizon earned in the quarter. We said, we expected our mobile and wireless business to be seasonally down due to the consumer nature of that business and that both broadband communications and enterprise networking would be roughly flat. What occurred in Q1 was solid growth in both broadband communications and enterprise networking, somewhat offset by the anticipated seasonal decline in mobile and wireless yielding much better revenue than anticipated. With respect to broadband communication market, the revenue increase was principally driven by a bounce back within our satellite set-top box line of business as well as growth in broadband modems. In the mobile and wireless business, as anticipated, we experienced seasonal decline in Bluetooth, wireless LAN, and mobile multimedia products. In addition, we have included in this business the $35.6 million in Verizon royalties in the first quarter. In our enterprise networks business grew in Q1, principally driven by continued solid growth in switching offset somewhat by the expected fall in Gigabit Ethernet Controllers. Please note that we define switching as switches plus software and price whether they are optical or copper. Revenue distribution in Q1 was as follows: Broadband communications was 35% of total revenue. Mobile and wireless, which includes the Verizon royalty was 35% of revenue and enterprise networking accounted for 30% of revenue. Our GAAP gross margin increased 90 basis points to 53.4%, which was mostly driven by positive product mix. Moving to operating expenses. GAAP operating expenses were up 12 million from our Q4 levels. Included in this amount are the negative effects of settlement charges of $16 million, 12 million of which relates to today's announced settlement with the SEC and in process R&D of $11 million related to our acquisition of Sunext Design offset by the positive effects of an $8.5 million payment from Qualcomm for reimbursement of legal expenses in the San Diego case that lowered our SG&A amounts reported in the quarter. This totaled to a negative effect of roughly $18 million in Q1. However, we also benefited from a $17 million sequential decrease in stock-based compensation and associated payroll tax expense. On a comparable basis to the guidance provided in January, assuming we include the non-recurring $8.5 million payment from Qualcomm with the other non-recurring expenses, operating expenses increased by roughly $11 million, which was below the guidance of 13 to $18 million. While we were able to keep the operating expense growth tighter than we expected in Q1 and also back in Q4, 2007 due an increased focused on cost, the timing of certain expenses may continue to vary quarterly due to the inherent lumpiness of certain discretionary cost such as legal expenses, tapeouts et cetera. R&D as a percentage of sales on a GAAP basis was 34.5% and decreased approximately 90 basis points. Included in this number, as I mentioned is $79 million or roughly 7.6 points of stock-based compensation expense. We continue to operate above our previously communicated long-term targeted R&D range, adding back stock-based compensation as a percentage of sales while we invest to deliver on recent design wins in a number of our emerging businesses. We increased total company headcount in Q1 by 171 people including 20 from Sunext Design to a worldwide headcount of 6518 people, approximately 74% of which are in engineering. Moving to the balance sheet, as I mentioned earlier total cash and marketable securities were down slightly at $2.2 billion, as we generated very strong positive cash flow from operations of $239 million offset principally by our share repurchase program. Inventory decreased in Q1 by approximately $10 million to $221 million. GAAP inventory turns remained a very strong 8.7 times in Q1. Our accounts receivable day sales outstanding decreased from 33 days to a record 32 days driven by good linearity. We continue to believe the DSOs will return to normal levels at sometime during 2008. As previously announced last November a new $1 billion share repurchase program was approved by the Board of Directors. The company repurchased approximately 20 million shares at a cost of roughly $400 million in Q1. On a GAAP basis there were 540 million diluted shares outstanding at the end of Q1 2008, a level not seen since Q1 2005. Moving to expectations, we currently expect solid growth in Q2 with total revenue in the range of $1.075 billion to $1.125 billion. The mid point of which is an excess of 20% revenue growth over Q2 2007. And looking what we expect to happen in Q2, in broadband communications we expect strong growth driven by growth across virtually all product lines. In addition we anticipate significant strength in the cable set-top box area driven by timing of a particular customers deployment. In mobile and wireless, we anticipate returning to growth has Bluetooth and wireless LAN rebound from their typical Q1 seasonal decline. Our enterprise networking business should go modestly as we expect continued growth in the switching area offset somewhat by the expected declining in GigE controllers. For GAAP gross margin in Q2, we expect to see a slight decline in gross margin driven by product mix and the ramp of a number of new products to new and existing customers in the quarter. Just to repeat what we've said in the past, typically our newly introduced produced have lower gross margins as we focused designs initially for quick time to market. With the respect to GAAP operating expenses, I would like to separate the discretionary element from the annual Q2 fixed or one time step ups. I think its useful to make this distinction to increase the transparency into the choices we are making as a management team. As a reflex management action, I will start with discretionary cost. Based on the efforts today, we are providing the same discretionary operating expense ranges Q1 of 13 to $18 million. We have been fortunate to do better than our guidance for OpEx growth in Q4, 2007 in Q1 of this year and we will work hard to do the same in Q2. We are trying to be somewhat conservative, because as I mentioned earlier in my comments, while I think we have made great progress in tightening our cost focus, processes and decision making we are not yet strong on projecting the exact timing of certain lumpy costs such as legal cost, and mass costs et cetera. Moving to the more fixed items, there are two ignored. The first is the impact of our annual employee reviews/married increase process, which I mentioned on last call is right in line with our projection of $12 million. Since we are using GAAP you will also need to include the stock-based compensations step up due to the grant of new equity awards in Q2 in connection with those process. We anticipate this will be around 9 to $11 million. Since we haven't spent a lot of time in the past to help your modeling on stock based compensation expense. It normally steps up in Q2 of each year due to the new grants made mid quarter as well as in Q3 for a full quarter effect then drifts down in Q4 and Q1. As I mentioned at the beginning of my comments, net of significant stock price movement we believe this annual cost has become more stable. The second one time step up in Q2 is a $1 million due to the impact of Sunext Design acquisition rolling on to our P&L. Finally, please remember as part of our comments on Q1, we adjusted the GAAP operating expense numbers for one time elements that added roughly $18 million to Q1 OpEx, when you are building your Q2 models in order to get to an apples-to-apples comparison. Cash flow from operations for Q2 is expected to remain strong and we anticipate that we'll continue to repurchase shares in Q2. Approximately $443 million remaining on our current buy back program at the end of Q1. And now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Thanks Eric. Broadcom's overall revenue growth in the first quarter was driven by strength within our wireline oriented businesses and more specifically our enterprise networking and broadband communications businesses. Revenue attributable to the enterprise networking market grew by 5% sequentially and hit a record revenue in the first quarter. This increase was driven by solid growth in switching and broadband processors offset somewhat by our client Gigabit Ethernet Controller business. Our enterprise networking businesses is one that I think many investors have overly discounted. Over the last few years revenue from the enterprise networking market has been relatively flat due to products mix issues. However, revenue grew nicely in the first quarter and has the potential to continue to grow in the future. This potential growth is expected to be driven by demand from our switching products. And as Eric said remember by switching we mean that it includes the switchers themselves as well as the files are physical errors which includes corporate optical. We also see growth in Metro and small or medium size business are SMB network, switching us now large enough to pull the entire business. We talked about the anticipated fall off in the enterprise client gigabit Ethernet controller business for PC and notebooks for a few fee quarters now and our current view remains unchanged. Please note that we continue to have a strong position within the gigabit Ethernet controllers base for severs and strengthen this segment has offset some of the decline that we originally anticipated to experience in the Enterprise controller area. With respect to our swathing business, switching revenue as defined earlier was strong in the first quarter driven by growth and the service provider in SMB segments. While Enterprise switching market can be characterizes steady. In total, switching revenues was up in a higher single digit on a sequential basis and up over 10% year-over-year. We experience growth at all speeds within switching. Fast Ethernet, Gigabit Ethernet and 10 Gig Ethernet. We expect another strong quarter of growth in the second quarter from our switching business. As I mentioned earlier, the key longer term divers per growth within enterprise networking will be the adoption of Ethernet switching into the metro market, in such applications DSLAMS CMTS and 3G-based stations, and finally market share gains within the SMB segment. You will hear more news regarding our enterprise networking products next quick at the Interrupt Conference. Moving onto broadband communications, revenue in the first quarter also came in better than we anticipated driven mainly by the stronger set top box and broadband modem revenue. What impressive here is the set top box and broadband motor markets are the first two product line that help Broadcom launched as company back in 1990s. And yet even today, these in markets continue to evolve and grow. In the first quarter, we experienced rebounding our sales into the satellite set top box market and continued share expansions and revenue growth within a cable TV, Telco TV and IP set top box markets. Within the set top box market Broadcom has the product breadth and scale necessary to continue to grow in investing our satellite cable and IP set top box product lines, while funding our entrance into the other synergistic end markets such as Blue ray Disk, Digital TV and analog converter box end markets. These leverages are strong MPEG technology position. The first quarter is typically the busiest quarter from a broadband communications products announcement prospective given the consumer electronic street show in the United State and the CCBN conference in China. And this year was no exception. A few of the more important announcements were followings: The introduction of a 65 nanometers single cheap HT and PVR enable satellite set top box solution, that will unable high performance cost to optimize setup box implementations. Second, collaboration between Microsoft and BroadCom to develop the next generation a high performance media roam IP setup boxes. Third, the announcement of a 65 nanometers single cheap high definition setup box solution supporting Chinas new AVF compression standards. And fourth, our strategic relationship with Core Ship to bring the first high definitions PVR set up box solutions to the Chinese pay TV market. The transaction to the HD and adoption of PVR is now a worldwide phenomenon. As Eric mentioned we were in the stronger portion of the cycle with robust first half order flows. In addition, we are experiencing an usually large ordering patterns by some cable and Telco TV operators that will likely cause some near term fluctuations in our quarterly revenue trends in the cable set top box line of business. We are looking for a very strong second quarter performance for our set top box business. With respect to broadband modems, we experienced growth in Q1 mainly driven by our DSL product lines. The good news here is that the growth within DSL area was driven by the migration to high end modems incorporating voice, as well as growth and share and expansion in our DSL Central office business. We also experience increased port shipments of end-to-end VDSL solution because market is still under delinquency with respect to mass deployment worldwide primarily for Telco TV applications. Highlighting our diverse products offerings and Broadband modems, as we look into Q2, we believe that much of the growth in our broadband modem area will be driven by our cable modem products. We expect strong demand for broadband modems in the second quarter driven mainly by continued interest in our DOCSIS 2.0 data and voice products and our multi channel or what some MSOs are calling White Band solutions.  We are bullish on the migration to DOCSIS 3.0 over the longer term, but in the near term we are seeing MSOs rollout White Band cable modem offerings to utilized the existing DOCSIS 2.0 infrastructures while supporting multiple downstream channels needed to compete with 100 megabit data services offer by Telcos  Other significant news in the quarter included the following. The acquisition of Sunext Design which brings to market a highly integrated back and front-end solution helping to accelerate the adoption of Blue ray Disc players and recorders, and RCA rolling out a new line of digital analog converter boxes in support of the NTIA's coupon program. With respect to the mobile and wireless market, revenue was down in the first quarter as we would expect it due to normal seasonal weakness in our bluetooth and wireless LAN business offset by growth in GPS products due to continued strong unit demand. Moving to our cellular business, we remained focused on engineering execution in our 2.5 and 3G wins with the top two cellular handset makers. I would like to spend a few minutes talking about our overall goals for the cellular phone segment which include technology leadership, customer engagement, and a revenue and market share level large enough to create a sustainable business. We established these goals a couple of years ago to underscore that we are very serious about the cellular and portable products market with the intent to become a significant player with critical mass. At that time, our goals had to be top-down and aspirational as we were early in our roadmap. As we move further along in our development schedules, we are now working with our customers to plan the handset models that will ship in 2009 and beyond and we are transitioning from top-down goals to real-world operational build plans. This is a positive step in the right direction regarding our progress in the cellular market. We remain committed to achieving our goal of becoming a significant player in the cellular market supported by our strong product and customer traction today. In fact we have already delivered on the first two of the three goals I just mentioned. We have one of the industries' most exciting product roadmaps including world-class 2G and 3G cellular basebands with integrated RF, mobile multimedia, bluetooth, wireless LAN, GPS, and power management. We also have meaningful design wins with the top two handset players. However, I feel it is no longer productive to comment on the timing of our future market share for two reasons. First, our share will be highly dependent on the roll out schedules agreed upon between the handset makers and the cellular carriers and on the popularity and success of the models themselves, factors over which we have little control and which cannot be reasonably predicted. The second reason is that to give market share guidance at this point would require us to implicitly share the launch plans of our customers which of course we cannot do. So, going forward we will therefore leave it to third party analysts to measure and predict our market share as we do with the rest of our business. Having said this, I do think it is appropriate to make some comment on our third goal of target revenue and market share, one last time particularly with respect to the timing of that goal. As the acting General Manager of the cellular group, I have had the opportunity to dig in the products and customer programs over the last month. As I mentioned, our success in product execution, our technology and customer traction have been impressive even to many of the news readers. However, based on the current miles of you I now believe it will take us longer than originally anticipated to reach our aspirational goal of 10 to 15% market share. We are not projecting a new date because when and if we achieve our goal will depend on many factors, only some of which are in our control. Now that been said, we continue to work closely with Nokia on EDGE. The program is on track and we are not aware of any changes since our last earnings call. Likewise, we also continue to work closely with Samsung on deploying new 3G phones. We are focussed on building great products, working with the right customers, and capturing market share. I am also pleased to announce that, effective immediately, Scott DO will become Senior Vice President and General Manager of our Mobile Platforms Group. Scott, who joined Broadcom nearly eight years ago, has been in the wireless business for over 20 years. He and his team are responsible for our success in bluetooth which has been one of Broadcom's fastest growing businesses and is also now our largest line of business. Scott brings to MPG a strong focus on execution and has excellent customer relationships with the key handset makers. Moving on to our other wireless businesses, our GPS business grew nicely in the quarter due to a strong unit demand within the PND market. Just recently a top five cell phone manufacturer began shipping products in the US incorporating our GPS products. We are working hard to grow our standalone GPS and other converged communication product offerings in to the PND space and to drive additional GPS penetration into the cellular phone market which we'll talk about more later this year. In bluetooth, revenue was down slightly in the first quarter due to normal seasonal trends associated with these more consumer-oriented end products. As we look into Q2, we expect to generate strong sequential revenue growth in bluetooth driven by broad-based growth within all segments of the bluetooth market including cellular, PC, embedded in the audio segment. Were also pleased to announce that we received orders from multiple Tier-1 vendors for our mono headset products and believe to you will be our see a nights ramp for Broadcom products into this new segment toward 2008. Wireless LAN also is down in the quarter driven by the normal seasonal parents within this product area. In the wireless LAN group we did experience continued growth with in the error 2011N category as revenue grew over 20% quarter-over-quarter. We try to drive growth in the N category of the market by attacking the market from two different directions. First, to help lower the cost of adopting error 802.11 N into more devices will begin shipping 802.11N product later in Q2. Secondly, we will shortly be issuing a press release, during our deep tailing our entrance into the enterprise e wireless LAN market which creates opportunities for us supply solutions into this high growth segment. By combining our 65 nanometer 802.11N and wireless LAN product with our fax past software, and tying it into existing switch infrastructure. Were delivering an end-to-end solution taking unify accompanies wired and wireless networks. As we noted a few quarters ago were seeing a high degree of customer interest in our converged communications products, where we combine Bluetooth, GPS, wireless LAN and other devices in a variety of different ways. Weve been in mass production with our Bluetooth process impark for sometime and with already shift over 75 million units. Well our competition is store working unshipping network products. The next stage of this conversion sub communications is about to happen as we already studied production wafers for our triple play part that combines Bluetooth, FM and wireless LAN all in a single 65 nanometer Die. Not only where youre able to integrate this three radios under a single die and enable them to all operate to concurrently is also been recognized for our ability to integrate the power amplifiers on to the same die and deliver over 20 DBMF power. Were able to offer higher level of functionality with best in class performance cost in size. Portable electronics products incorporating this solution should be in the market in the second half of this year. Also this product for which we internally call the Broadcom 43-25 was recently awarded the EDN Annual Innovation Award within the category of networking and communication IC's. As we begin shipping these converged communications products, you will likely see a stop talking about Bluetooth and wireless LAN as standalone product areas. As Erick mentioned earlier we anticipate that revenue from the overall mobile and wireless market will grow in the second quarter driven mainly by demand for our Bluetooth and wireless LAN products. Moving onto the legal fronts, Q1 was pre quite from our press release perspective but a lot when on behind the scenes. With respective to Qualcomm, as Eric mention earlier we did receive an $8.5 million check from Qualcomm for attorney fees and other expenses as schedule with their Litigation misconduct in San Diego. On March 5th, Judge Bruster will be the sanction attorney will be able to use Attorney client privilege communication with Qualcomm to defend their conduct. We should hear more about this in the coming months as the matter moves towards an evidential hearing. On March 18 the quarter refills rejected Qualcomms motion to stay in junction regarding their entrenchment three of our patterns in Santa Ana. Today through Thursday, we will be involved in the ITC enforce May hearings we covering our claims that Qualcomm is violating the commissions seizing the cyst order and what if f any additional forcemeat measures are appropriate. These claims revolve around the commission's finding of entrenchment of another Broadcom pattern in June 2007. We should have an initial determination from the ITC judge in late July. Finally, we are pleased to announce that earlier today the SEC's investigation into Broadcom's historical stock option granting and accounting practices has concluded with respect to the company. We now ready to take your questions. Christian may we have the first question, please?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. (Operator instructions) The first question comes from Craig Ellis from Citi. Please go ahead.
Craig Ellis: Thanks for taking the question and congratulations on the revenues. Scott the first question for you mentioned in comments on baseband, it will take long to get to the 10 to 15% share target the new and early expected. How do you think about R&D funding for Have you think about the R&D funding lend for that business relatives to the level that you had I think youre around 850 engineers?
Scott McGregor:  Craig, these are continued to be committed into that space. We think it's important in the portable market and we believe that we can get good traction going forward. In terms of the expense, we have moderated the expenses somewhat. We'll slow the rate of increase of those expenses, but we again have great traction with Nokia with Samsung, we have a variety of things in the total cellular platform including multimedia. I mention I think in an earlier call that we're excited about that product area and of course in the wireless space and so forth. So we see cellular as an overall platform and not just a base baseband market. And so, thats why its very important to invest in there.
Craig Ellis: Okay and then on the product side as well, there were comments on the strength in the enterprise networking area on the switching side. To clarify that, is that more seasonal strength or are you seeing either a new customer or geographic strength that was unexpected in the first and the second quarter?
Scott McGregor: I think we've gained in that space. I mentioned on previous conference calls that we've had good design win traction, and this is some of that coming to fruition. Weve been working hard on 65 nanometer products and our overall competitiveness in that space, and I would we've definitely improved in that area. We've also seen our footprint increase as we look to growing into metro space. You may recall we bought a level 7 and so, we have a larger software footprint in that space as well. And I also believe we've taken share especially in the SMB space.
Craig Ellis: Thank you. And then the last question I have is for Eric. Eric the expense control has been good the last two quarters. I think many of us thought that the expense growth would be modulating down towards 1 to 2% exceeding this year. Is that still a fair way to think about expenses a little bit longer term?
Scott McGregor: We continue to tighten up on our expense target. But we are discovering one of the things thats interseting is one of the reasons why we were better in Q1 than we originally thought as. But you find that certain Q1 expenses sort of fall into Q2 and as they sort of sit in Q2 nobody willing to sort of take expenses out of Q2 and it l likely fall into Q3 or vice versa. Expenses in Q3 that might sort of slide into Q2. So the reason why I made the point about timing is its hard to figure out exactly which quarter these things are popping up in. So suffices to say that about a $11 million apples-to-apples growth, we're pretty pleased with our performance in Q1. We think we will do similar, we set a similar range for Q2 and we are hoping that will do better. As far as the back half of the year our hope is that in the back half of the year an aggregate that expenses will slow again. Trying to figure out whether there be in Q3 or Q4 is a little bit hard yet to get our arms around.
Craig Ellis: All right thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Schneider from Goldmann Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Schneider:  Hi good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. I just  first of all if you look if you look at the predicted ramp you have in revenues throughout the year. How do expect your gross margins to trend ex-of rise royalty?
Scott McGregor: While we said sort of toward the back part of last we though that excluding the horizon royalty we thought that we would be in the middle of our range of 50% to 52% so right around 51. Remember that in that number when you go to GAAP basis of about 90 basis points you have to take out of that number which relates stock based compensation and amortization intangible. I think we as we continue to ramp new product as I mentioned there tend to be lower margin because they are sort of dividing the time to market as opposed to cost and were still a little bit high up on the 65 nanometer cost we begin to drive that down. So I would say that I will continue to work with the guidance weve given historically in general for the company and we will provide more information as we sort of roll across the year, but we said for Q2 that we though it be down slightly quarter-to-quarter?
James Schneider:  Thanks. And then in terms of a followup, can you give us a sense of the magnitude of the opportunity that bluetooths helps us represents for you, and in terms of 2008 revenue?
Scott McGregor:  Well, in terms of shipment we do expect to begin shipping our bluetooth headsets to multiple Tier-1 manufactures really in the back half of this year. If you look at the 10 of this market its probably around an 80 to 100 million unit opportunity depending on whose data you look at. So I think you will see revenue from us in the back half of this year, but I think you will much more significant revenue in the 2009 timeframe.
Eric Brandt: From the comparative point of view though we have a very low market shares in that space. So thats all share gain for us going into that market.
James Schneider: Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Banc. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore: Hi guys and congrats on the revenues as well. On the enterprise and networking side, I think, can you just talk little bit about the linearity, how is its surprise occurred and again, Scott, you mentioned that the volatility of that subset segment is been lower than most. So the surprise of this magnitude seems a bit odd.
Scott McGregor: Well I think we're seeing more infrastructures build out than we had expected, and I think thats driving it. And as I also mentioned, we have two other factors going on. An increase in our overall footprint in the same for example, expansion in the metro area and the software space and again we did see some share gain. So its a combination of those things which made a little difficult to predict. But Peter you want to comment on?
Peter Andrew:  Yeah just real quickly I was looking at the booking linearity by month within that group and there wasn't anything really, no significant deviation, its pretty strong throughout the quarter.
Ross Seymore:  That kind of steady linearity also give you pretty good confidence that it did sustainable and we are not just seeing kind of a initial budget for us to start the year and then people kind of sees up?
Eric Brandt: Ross I would that the flatness we have seen in that business has been the surprise rather than the growth we're seeing now for me anyway. I think that we did expect to see that business grow because of the increase penetration of gigabit Ethernet as a general trend and overall infrastructure deployment. So I would expect that that business would continue to grow.
Ross Seymore: Great, and then one follow up question is on the handset side in general. It seems like the broad market unit growth rate is at least been a little slower on the high end where more bluetooth tends to exist. Have you guys seen any of the slowdown and from your bluetooth comments specifically it doesn't sound it should. We just conclude that you're continuing to gain share?
Scott McGregor: Yeah I think the fact that we are gaining share in that space overwhelms particular trade offs in the high end of the handset market versus the mid-range. But also I would observe that we are seeing bluetooth start to penetrate pretty well into the medium range of the handset markets. So that will go to maybe 50 or even more percents of the total handset market this year according to some of the analyst data I've seen . So the combination of continuing to gain share with our combo products starting to kick in bluetooth plus FM thats made us very competitive in that space. I think thats swamp phenomenon you are seeing.
Ross Seymore: Great. Congrats again.
Operator: The next question comes from Shawn Webster from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Shawn Webster: Yeah thank you for taking my question and congrats on the good quarter. Eric, can you run through the OpEx one more time just at the high level. If we take out the one timers but keep options in, what will your OpEx do sequentially in Q2?
Eric Brandt: You know I knew this is coming. Such is the nature of a change. Okay, so in Q1 there are three one timers. The three one timers at our account are the in process R&D at 11, the settlement charges at 16 and then the positive or expense reducing 8.5 payments from Qualcomm, that nets to $18 million which makes Q1 OpEx higher than it would otherwise be. In Q2 if you assume it, because we don't have any data to say any of that recurs in Q2 we just deal with the Q2 pieces. Again from a discretionary standpoint we are planing $13 to $18 million of growth size you know midpoint of that range $15-$16 million. I think everybody used 16 last time and we did about 11 in Q1 on a similar basis. You need to add to that two pieces, the first relates to the married increase annual married increase process which has a cash component and a 123 expense component. The cash component is exactly is forecasted at $12 million plus $9 to $11 million on stock based compensation, the reason why we give a range on that is we don't know exactly what the stock price will be when the option insure is grant, so somewhere in the vicinity of 9 to 11. So if you use 10 thats 22 and then plus 1 for the fund that step up on the acquisition. So those are three pieces that I would add together in terms of what our expected step up is excluding any one time items which could occur in Q2.
Shawn Webster: Okay so the 22 plus the one plus 13 to 18 increases in discretionary is the sequential change in OpEx?
Eric Brandt:  Correct.
Shawn Webster: Okay I think I got it. Thank you. Did you have any 10% customers in the quarter?
Scott McGregor: We don't disclose that anymore on a quarterly basis. We do disclose that on annual basis in our 10-K. 
Shawn Webster: Okay. And in terms of the order or trends, I mean, you said that you're expecting growth in Q2. Can you rank which of your three segments will grow fastest?
Scott McGregor: No I don't think we will do that for now. But I did say we will see growth in all of them.
Shawn Webster: Okay thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from Daniel Berenbaum from Caris & Company. Please go ahead.
Daniel Berenbaum: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I was a little surprised at your commentary on the GPS side. It seems like a couple of the PND manufacturers have been talking about weakness in that market. Can you maybe give us a little color? Is it because you are gaining share there, because you are associated with the integrated solutions with the handset manufacturers more? Can you just help us understand that a little bit?
Scott McGregor: Yeah, it's a couple of factors. First of all, when I talk about weakness in the PND market, I think it was reducing the growth expectation from high double-digits to middle double-digits and so that was weakness. Now in most markets that would be considered strength, but again that has been a very hard market. For us, it's not only a market that has a great growth potential, but we are definitely taking share in that space. We've moved beyond some of the additional PND design wins we had into Tier-1 handset makers and in fact we are shipping with one in the United States now, GPS solution there. And we do expect to move into other handset makers and other devices as well. So, we see GPS as a product that has a bright future ahead of it with opportunity to take share in a variety of spaces.
Daniel Berenbaum:  Okay. And then just a quick question Eric on the pro forma and maybe it is in the press release and I missed it, but you initially give a share count for the pro forma excluding stock-based comp. I didn't see that in there. What would that have been?
Eric Brandt: We didn't provide that number. Let me do a round way to calculate, we can come back to you on that but it's in the 560 range I believe.
Daniel Berenbaum:  Okay.
Eric Brandt: Hang on, yeah excuse me. If you did that the old way, it's about 556, 557, but the right way to think about it is take the GAAP EPS of $0.14, add the $0.04 of one-timers to $0.18. Then add the $0.21 of stock-based compensation which gets you to $0.37. Penny overage associated with the lowest stock count on a GAAP basis and some tax adjustments, so that's how you would sort of -- if you are modeling on a non-GAAP basis, that's how you would get to a commensurate number.
Daniel Berenbaum:  Okay great thanks. That's helpful.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Adam Benjamin from Jefferies and Company. Please go ahead.
Adam Benjamin:  Thanks guys. Scott, just a followup on the cellular comments you made. Obviously you don't want to talk about the share at this point but just to be clear you talked about that Nokia and Samsung are on target. Can you just remind us what do you mean by on target?
Scott McGregor: Well, we announced with Nokia that we had an EDGE program with them to do EDGE basebands for their handsets and what I do is -- I mean, since our last conference call nothing has changed there. I just wanted to make it clear, there were some people who were concerned that something had changed and I wanted to make that clear. We aren't aware of anything in that space. With Samsung, we've previously announced working on 3G with them. That continues. We're shipping with Samsung today in a variety of 3G handsets. They are more forecast for this year and beyond.
Adam Benjamin: Okay. But at this point, you don't plan on giving any kind of target in terms of timing without a share number?
Scott McGregor: No Adam, I am sorry, that's not what we're going to do.
Adam Benjamin: Okay. And just to followup on the comment on the 4325 that's ramping in the second half, the Wi-Fi bluetooth FM combo solution. As you look at that, can you comment as to whether you will have multiple Tier-1 OEMs on the handset space there or whether there will be one?
Scott McGregor: I'm not going to comment on that specifically but we have seen design wins across a variety of spaces both in Tier-1 handset players, PC, and other kinds of devices. It's a very interesting device for a wide range of product categories.
Adam Benjamin: All right. That's all I've got. Thanks.
Operator:  The next question comes from Srini Pajjuri from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Srini Pajjuri:  Thank you. Eric, just one quick clarification, the 13 to 18 million growth, is it the baseline growth that we should look forward to as we head into the second half and I am just wondering why you are using that 13 to 18. Is it just for Q2 or is it going to continue?
Eric Brandt:  I'm just using it for Q2. So, what happened in Q1, I think as I said is that we used 13 to 18 and what we saw was some of the costs in Q1 sort of slip into Q2, which is natural, so you have tape-outs at the end of the quarter in March and the tape-outs are going to happen in March. They are going to chance of happening April 1st and boom into Q2 expense and those things are $1 million a pop, so they meaning in terms of how they move. So what happened and where we are right now sort of at the end of the April is, I know all of the Q2, all of the Q1 expenses that have moved into Q2. I dont know anything about any Q2 expenses, which are going to move into Q3. So I dont know that basically included everything together as best as I can and to try to come up with a range with some judgment applied to what I think might move into Q3. Thats how we have got the 13 to 18 for Q2 and as I mentioned it's our hope that we will do better than that. I think there is continued slowing growth of spending and slowing growth across the year. And while I cant project whether you will see it exactly in Q3, I think you will see it in the second half and my suspicion is that the second half will be lower than the first half, all things being equal, simply dont make some sort of change. So I can't give you specific guidance for Q3 or Q4. What I can tell you is this is it for Q2 and we are hopeful that the similar phenomenon that we saw in Q1 with expenses as people try to manage to make sure that they dont exceed sudden like the prices right that we get the same effect in Q2 and there is a similar plan of expenses that go forward and some of them actually dont occur all.
Srini Pajjuri: Okay. And then you talked about legal expense being lumpy. I am just wondering as you look out to the next few quarters, what are the art set that might surprises on the either positive side or on the negative side?
Eric Brandt: Its hard to say on positive side. I think in terms of legal expenses, we have a forecast of sort of what we are spending. Some of that relates to offensive works, some of that relates to defensive work, and defensive work is timed to typically when things got to turn over, which is when the expenses ramp up quite significantly. So the more things are going to try on a quarter, the more expenses you are going to get. Same thing is true on the offensive side. There are some other offensive actions that we have that we discuss and that we could decide to launch on which would trigger a cost in any particular quarter, but similarly launched it early and in fact should begin discovering and firing all of the other things. So those things tend to be lump and lumpy driven by the timing of the start of the case and whether case or cases are in front of the court at that point in time.
Srini Pajjuri: Okay. And then Scott, if I look at your competitive landscape in networking, I think most of your competitors also saw pretty solid orders from Asia. So I am wondering how much of the growth in networking is coming from your Asian customers? And then in the set-top box business, we know this tends to lumpy. The question is, how much visibility do we have to say that that this is not a one quarter depending on may be we will get back into an inventory situation as you head it to second half?
Scott McGregor: In terms of networking, I think its definitely clear that Asia is very strong in that space and we certainly have a fair amount of business over there. I think one of the other things going on though is again we made large investments in 65 nanometer and so I believe our overall competitiveness has increased. So I am not sure that would necessarily apply to all of our competitors, but we will let them say that. In terms of set-top box, we definitely saw strong set-top box growth in this quarter and again the satellite side was the primary emphasis there. Next quarter, we believe, cable will be a strong play in that space. You are right that it is lumpy, but one thing I would observe is that Broadcom has a diverse set of products in the broadband space and so its not necessarily bad to have one area lumpy, often the others pick up forward and so forth, so thats why we saw a both strong growth in Q1 and we expect strong growth in Q2.
Srini Pajjuri:  Okay. And then my final question, as we head into second half, is there any seasonality that we should associate to any of your businesses or are they primarily driven by product cycles?
Scott McGregor:  Typically industries that have strong second halves are wireless connectivity and the overall consumer marketplace. Digital TV typically peaks for Christmas sales. There are a variety of products that have seasonal components to them, so we dont have any knowledge why those would be higher or lower than the seasonal aspect to that. So those are businesses that peak in the second half and as see said the infrastructure-related businesses tend to peak in first half as capital is released and it tends to be depleted towards the third and fourth quarters.
Srini Pajjuri:  Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Cody Acre from Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Patrick Nathan: This is [Patrick Nathan] for Cody Acre. Thanks for taking my call. The first question is, if you guys could update us on what percentage of products are being produced and shipped at the 65 nanometer node and previously you guys have given expectations of 20% of products being shipped at 65 nanometers by year-end and does that seem aggressive or conservative based on 1Q levels?
Scott McGregor: I mean, a lot of it sort of depends on sort of the ramp cycles of the customers. I would say today we are on the very low-end, we are sub 5%. Our hope is to be somewhere between 10 and 20, by the time we exit Q4 to closer to 20, we all will be happier we will be. But I think at this point, it's just somewhere between 10 and 20 at this point exiting Q4. And we'll update you at that point because I think thats a more meaningful point to actually discuss it as we sort of move a lot of these design wins into production. And remember there is a whole second set of design wins behind it.
Patrick Nathan: Okay. And in regard to your 3G platform with Samsung, is there any way you could update us on the status of the ramp perhaps quantifying sequential unit volume or revenue in comparison to fourth quarter?
Scott McGregor: No, I am sorry we don't have those numbers today.
Patrick Nathan: Okay. And just one last housekeeping question. Did you guys give a pro forma tax rate?
Eric Brandt: We didn't. We used the actual tax rate. Historically, when we have done pro forma tax rate, we've used 10% because we believe that that is a sustainable tax rate for the foreseeable future. I think as we use GAAP, we actually wind up using the actual tax rate, which could fluctuate from 2.5 to 3.5 to 4.5% depending on where we are. We do tend to run a fairly low tax rate.
Patrick Nathan: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Luke from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Tim Luke: Thanks so much. Just on the increase in revenue performance in the quarter. You kind of just to confirm, the enterprise revenue was up 5% sequentially in the first quarter, I think. And I was just wondering if you had the sequentials on the call, broadband and then in the wireless segment as well?
Scott McGregor:  No, I am sorry we don't have those. Although you could some color on it because since you know the sequential growth for that and you know the percentages we have for the businesses, it will be probably augmented.
Tim Luke: And just in the broadband business, you talked about strength in cables Scott. Could you just give us some sense as to what's on the pen that strength in cable? And then on the enterprise networking side, while some players in that industry have been more subdued on the enterprise side, what are you essentially saying that you are seeing the strength is oriented around the carrier area and particularly from Asia, is that correct?
Scott McGregor: So, on the cable side, we are just seeing really strong infrastructure deployment. And I attribute that to capital availability, the fact that there are a lot of new solutions that offer both digital cable to go with the new digital TV you probably bought. The fact that you can get higher bandwidth on some of these solutions, and a lot of promotional activity thats going on. So, I think all of those are contributing to that. On the networking side, yeah, my sense is that Asia is strong and we certainly benefit from that and carrier is part of that.
Tim Luke: And in the enterprise networking, as I may, you would expect that the new products should start to revert to growth in gigabit ethernet controllers. Could you just clarify what sort of time span about to revert to growth? And then separate just in wireless, you'd previously said I think and could you just clarify the Nokia was a first half '09 timeline that you expected. I just want to confirm that you're saying you did made change to that first half '09 timeline?
Scott McGregor: On your question on controllers, the estimate we would have is that for the enterprise client controllers we probably see this year bottoming out probably around the third quarter.
Tim Luke: Great.
Scott McGregor: And then up from there. So that can give you an estimate there and again that overall business is doing better than we expected because of our strength on the enterprise service side. On Nokia, in terms of when that ramp will occur, we're no longer forecasting specifics in that space. So I can't give you any more color on that. Other than to say that our program with them is on track and we continue engaged and we are not aware of anything changing since our last conference call.
Tim Luke: Was there any Qualcomm royalty payment in the revenues or will that be next quarter? Would you put that in the revenue or in expense line? And is the last time Eric that you will do pro forma guide, will it just be GAAP now going forward?
Eric Brandt:  Okay. So, we received $24 million from Qualcomm after the quarter-end. We have not had a chance to take a hard look at that information. So until it's audited, verified, and finalized, my suspicion is that it's going to sit on the balance sheet. I dont know what will be split between deferred revenue and other income because some of it relates to prior year and some of it relates to current year.
Tim Luke: But it's not in your revenue guide for the quarter then?
Eric Brandt: Not in revenue guidance at all.
Scott McGregor:  Because again I cant predict it.
Eric Brandt: And we are glad that you have not included in there.
Scott McGregor: Yeah, dont include because I think it's going to wind up on the balance sheet for a while until we can get to the bottom of whether this is really the right number. I dont want to record a wrong number.
Tim Luke: It could be outside in revenue or it's unlikely it to be ultimately included in revenue?
Eric Brandt:  Well, it could be included in revenue once we get the answer, but we dont have the answer yet. So for the time being Tim, it's going to -- let's assume it stays on the balance sheet and once we get through auditing and verifying and finalizing and remember we havent seen the report, the report is confidential and as you can imagine, all guys are concerned that they don't want to foresee too much, right, but we need to figure that out and we will try to work towards that through this quarter and into next quarter.
Tim Luke: Thanks so much.
Eric Brandt: It's not in the revenue guidance, but it is ultimately income at some point.
Scott McGregor: And then as far as GAAP, I think we are going to continue to provide GAAP guidance. We will give you all of the pieces as I did before because I think it's important as you build your model you understand the economics of our business at a similar level the way we understand the economics of our business. And for the reasons I cited at the beginning, I think that now is a good time for our business to make that transition.
Tim Luke:  Thank you. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Krishna Shankar from JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Krishna Shankar:  Yes. Within the enterprise networking business, can you rank order the size of the switches, the client controller, and the server controller business? And would you expect continued growth in the server controller business going forward?
Scott McGregor: Well, we dont break it out in the detail you want, so I am sorry there. But in terms of server controllers going forward, thats a business that we do invest in and we will seek to grow in that space.
Krishna Shankar: Yeah. I just wanted to sort of get a sense of the magnitude of the three businesses; switches, clients versus servers to get a sense for the direction of that business?
Eric Brandt: In terms of switching in total based on the definition that I gave is the biggest grouping within the enterprise networking business and that's why Scott script specifically mentioned that now given the size of switching, it is now able to pull growth in the total enterprise networking market as we go forward. Getting down to controllers specifically, if you take a look at controllers specifically today, the majority of our revenue from controllers do come from controllers sales and with server segment versus the enterprise client or the small medium business area.
Krishna Shankar:  Great. And just a quick follow up within the broadband, you attributed some significant strength in Q2, which was unexpected in the set-top box business. Can you take a guess as, is this new architecture boxes going out or is this, can you give us a sense for what the nature of this unexpected strength is?
Scott McGregor: As I mentioned to a previous questioner that was a variety of things; promotions, new capitals deployed there, the fact that a lot of people bought digital TVs and want to have digital cable to go with it. And I also think that the fact that people get higher bandwidth was some of the channel bounding products that we are deploying is also exciting for people.
Eric Brandt: You asked on the cable set-top box category, we do run some of set-top boxes through there -- more of a telco architecture in their network.
Krishna Shankar: So, you expect the Telco IPTV box there to continue going strongly through the rest of the year?
Eric Brandt: We didnt guide for the rest of the year. We just said in Q2, there is some very strong demand.
Krishna Shankar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Sumit Dhanda: Yeah, hi. A quick question for you first Eric on the big share count reduction, is it fair to assume that a lot of it was attributable to a lower options overhang in Q1?
Eric Brandt: Yeah, a chunk of it is definitely due to a lower option overhang in Q1 in terms of moving the fact, thats one of the reasons why it's hard to predict the exact share count. So you are right. And then in addition, we bought back 20 million shares so in Q1 that has an impact as well plus where we bought back and I would recall a number in Q4, we bought a significant number in Q4 as well.
Sumit Dhanda: Okay. And two for you Scott, first on Digital TV, I dont know if I have missed it, but I didnt hear too much commentary on that business, you talk about, how the ramp there is doing and then I had a second question.
Scott McGregor: We had so much to talk about on this call with other topics, we didnt get all our businesses, so I apologize. DTV, as I said in our last call, remains a growth driver for us this year. We believe that that will continue to be a growing business for us going forward. We are happy with our traction there and are looking forward to seeing ourselves increase.
Sumit Dhanda:  Okay and the second question I had for you is in terms of your comment on the fact that the 10 to 15% goal you talked about might take longer to accomplish. I am trying to reconcile that versus your other comment which suggests that you really don't have that much visibility into how your baseband silicon will actually ramp with your different customers, your targeted customer base. So, I guess, I am curious as to what's causing you to push back 10 to 15% target timeline given that you extensively don't have tremendous visibility on the trajectory of the ramp in the first place though.
Scott McGregor: Well certainly part of it is visibility and recognizing that if one of our customers makes a handset in an unpopular color it doesnt matter how good the baseband chip is and it just might not sell. And so, those are the kind of things we have no control over and makes it hard across to have visibility. We also had opportunity just look at all over the bottoms-up ramps and the different handsets we know of and it is our judgement overall that it could take us longer than we originally though for that. So, that's the reason for the comments and with that we are also going to not try to be in the business of predicting our future market shares. We think that is better left to the analysts given the number of factors that we have no control over.
Sumit Dhanda: So just so I am clear certainly some lack of visibility in terms of how these models would ramp but not a judgment on your ability to gain future market share with other OEMs and what have you based on bottoms-up ramp.
Scott McGregor: ' We think we have great products. We've got a great engineering team. We think that combined with all the other technologies that Broadcom has that we can either integrate in the chips themselves or offer as part of chipsets. We think we have a very compelling offering in cellular and believe we can grow that business and so we very much continue to believe that and that's a large basis why we have a strong desire to be a major player in cellular space.
Sumit Dhanda:  One last one for you Scott, the part of your sequence, your thoughts in that, clearly you believe it does not impact your prospects within baseband why or why not in your opinion.
Scott McGregor: 
 :
Sumit Dhanda:  Thank you so much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Craig Berger from FBR Capitals. Please go ahead.
Craig Berger:  Hi guys. Nice job on the results. Just a couple of things to help us understand the magnitude of your GPS business. Kind of how much of the mobile business it makes off or did you ever make any public comments on that when you bought that business.
Scott McGregor: How many public statements have we made about the business in total when we acquired them a couple of months ago was that there was sub 10 million in revenue and today they are growing might be such they are still very small in terms of total size within Broadcom.
Craig Berger:  Great thanks and then on the set-top box, I guess customer build, you said you expect it to be very strong in Q2. Does that then come with the expense of Q3 or Q4? Is that how we should be thinking about that lumpiness?
Eric Brandt: I guess it is too early to guidance for Q3 or Q4 so we'll define on that and that conclusion may or may not be warranted so we'll have to see. I think all we've said is that we see a very very strong customer ordering and customer deployment for products that we build anticipated for delivery in Q2.
Craig Berger:  And then can you just comment on any of the channel inventory or customer visibility stuff. Is there any excellent channel inventory out there and kind of what's the mood of your customers right now?
Eric Brandt: I would say that we do not see any particular areas of inventory and in fact we see a relatively high percentage of expedites on the part of our customers so I think that would characterize the mood these days.
Scott McGregor: Yeah, I would also add that we are cognizant of the macroeconomic things that we are all reading in the newspaper and watching everybody else's earning releases the same way you are. So, we continue to try to verify as we receive orders what the underlying demand really is before we sort of plan to schedule an order in a quarter. So we are doing what we think is responsible in terms of our view of what the real demand is and being prepared in the event that the macroeconomic trends which again we are not seeing in this quarter or next quarter, tack up into us at some later date in the year.
Craig Berger:  Thank you.
Operator:  The next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS. Please go ahead.
Uche Orji:  Thank you very much. Scott, let me just go back a little bit to the while as comments that you have made and follow on some of the questions that have been asked earlier. Now ultimately I will believe that this business should be able to fund its own expenses and fund its own R&D but in the mean time of course the other businesses will continue to fund it now. It is hard for me not to see your comment about not achieving 10 to 15% of segment of your outlook for this business. But how do you manage the allocation of resources overtime such that we don't have a situation where the other businesses that are doing well continue to fund these and it takes much longer to achieve, say a level where this stands to fund itself. So, if I want to setback on portfolio, I would like to get some comfort that the management of this is such that margins don't get dragged down by this for much longer.
Eric Brandt: Yeah I understand your remark and certainly it is our goal as well that any projects we invest in, we do so because we want to make money. That is the fundamental goal of the management of this company is to do projects that make money and so that has to be our objective. And I think one of the things that is more challenging in cellular than some of the other businesses we've done is that the entity play is higher. So, in other words you need a higher number of engineers to be in that business than you would to enter into GPS or some of the other spaces which is more just pure technology. So for us it is important to make sure that we have the entity play there yet at the same time we want to make sure that we adequately fund the other growth opportunities we have in the company. And as you've seen, we have been doing a lot of 65-nanometer designs, a lot of new technology, a lot of new products throughout and we made those investments in 2006 and 2007 and I think you are seeing in the fruition of some of that today with strong growth in our broadband business and enterprise networking business. But I absolutely agree with you that we do this to make money and we need to believe that we are funding things such that we look at a return on that investment.
Uche Orji: Okay let me just touch base on the control, that has been fantastic what you have done with that but you also added headcount in the quarter. My question is what returns to the headcount additions come from and is there any strategic shift in terms of how you will manage headcount in the future as a way to keep up that growth at a pace that is manageable with growth of the company.
Eric Brandt: I think you saw it on our analyst day last year we put up a matrix that showed all of the different businesses we are in and we rank ordered them by a number of different matrix, ROY, net present value and various other kinds of things and over different periods of time and what we have been doing over the last year is to use that more as a tool to guide where we invest and so some businesses we have invested more, some businesses less. We have stopped two businesses that we decided were not good investments going forward. And so we have been re-allocating headcount and moving things around and I think that overall is good healthy portfolio management and what we as a management team are paid to do. So, absolutely yes we do look at headcount and allocate it to where we think the best return on investment it is going to be for the company.
Scott McGregor: Having said that, just add to that, one of the things what we did talk about is making a transition this year to something that is more dollar based. So now we hold our business unit accountable for their revenue, their gross margin, and their operating expenses in particular R&D, and their operating income. So we no longer micro-manage it to the end point of where their headcount specifically is coming from or going, because the churn off between higher and ahead in the US and say hiring ahead in India are different costs and the head is not a head. So we allow them to make the appropriate trade offs between outsourcing, internal headcount and sort of where they make the factor costs. And now run a control sheet against where we expect them to perform, where they are actually performing and what the DOCSIS and to the extent they are performing under their targeted return. We freed their incremental spending which has the effect of freezing their head count. And thats working quite well and to the extent that businesses are performing better than anticipated. We discussed whether and how to spend the overage, how much of it drops through to our investors, how much of we want to reinvest in the business and whether we want to reinvest in the business its coming from or another area within the company. I think it is a much broader more comprehensive process that we had in the past. While the same time holding the General Managers who run billion plus dollar businesses to the way they should be held, which is deliver of P&L to the corporation.
Uche Orji: Thanks for that answer. Thats very helpful. Just one last question to caught on something more specific on DOCSIS 3.3.0. One of your competitors announced designing to Motorola in DOCSIS 3.2 and my sense is maybe you are coming a little bit later. Do you expect that when the operating cycle commence say late 2008, you would be able to retain the share you've had in the set-top boxes for DOCSIS 3.3.0 going forward?
Scott McGregor: No it's certainly our goal to maintain and grow our share going forward. So I wouldn't tell you we have a desire to do anything else. I think what's really key though is that a lot of the MSOs we talked to while they are enthusiastic about DOCSIS 3.0 going forward they have a DOCSIS 2.0 infrastructure today. And so if they want to compete with the Telco bandwidth that are being offered commercially. What they are doing is there looking for this white band solution that we have which is channel bonding using a DOCSIS 2.0 infrastructure. And so in terms of deploying your existing capital that a much better solution and we find that very attractive to those MSOs today. Now long-term we agree 3.0 is the right answer, but it's probably not the right answer if you got off an lot of capital invested in the DOCSIS 2.0 infrastructure today.
Uche Orji: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Gentlemen, there is time for one last question. The final question comes from Ruben Roy from Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Ruben Roy:  Hey, thank you very much. Scott, can you talk little bit about the pricing environment for wireless LAN and Bluetooth chips?
Scott McGregor:  Well pricing always goes down in this market. I think one if things that we been able to do that's been helpful is as we go to the combo chips it allows us to aggregate more functionality and to capture a higher percentage of the total wireless LAN build the material in the devices and also allows us to offset some of the ASP decline we would otherwise see in the normal semiconductor market. So for example Bluetooth plus FM was helpful for us in that space. And we believe other combination chips and other features we can add into those chips such as integrating power amplifiers and other things allows us to capture a higher share and offset the normal ASP declines and even in some cases gets some ASP increases so thats our strategy in that space.
Eric Brandt: Right. Also remember Reuben that as the mix improves from G to N we also get a nice step up in terms of ASP and as Scott mentioned in his script we did see strong demand in Q1 for our end-based solution.
Ruben Roy: Right. Could you tell me clear that all how much of your wireless LAN business is at this point?
Eric Brandt: We haven't probably disclosed that at this time. But it is as you go back over the last three transcripts you could see and experienced so much dramatic growth.
Ruben Roy: Right. And then in terms of the enterprise product when you do expect Scott that the social start implementing enterprise dot end products?
Scott McGregor: Well I think we said that we will announce, we will have a press release shortly. So I promise you won't have long to wait.
Ruben Roy: But in terms of the market itself, do you think this is a 2008 or early 2009 event in terms of IT Managers implementing these products?
Scott McGregor: Well the market itself exist today. So the question is how fast can we penetrate it. And again I am going defer that to wait till you see our announcements.
Ruben Roy: Alright. One final one in terms of you talked of about 65-nanometer of investments in 2006 and '07 do you think you are where you need to be in terms of your 65 nanometer products or are we going to accelerating DOCSIS in 2008 65-nanometer note versus 2007.
Scott McGregor: I think we are where we want to be, we do a bit push on 65-nanometer, I think really pushed ahead of our competition in that space and its going to mean that we have very competitive products over the next year as they are still struggling to get their first ones out there door. So I think thats positive. The ramp of course takes a while and thats more customer dependent, but we certainly have 65-nonometer product family that I think is very attractive available for designing and shipment today. Some things like digital TV we have been shipping that since last year in production other things are going into production now over the course of this year. Again I think that was going to prove to be a very good investment on our part and really help us from a competitive point of view.
Ruben Roy: Great. Thank you.
Scott McGregor: So with that in closing, I would like to thank everyone for joining us on the call this afternoon. And before we conclude I would like to reiterate just a few points. #1 we did have a strong first quarter and we are pleased what we see continued growth into the second quarter. #2 is we think we need to do some more work on projecting and managing the lumpiness in our operating expenses and that maybe inherent, but we are going to see if we can do a better job in terms of at least projecting and predicting that. We are also working to increase transparency into our business and we made some changes as of today that hopefully will help you with that. And I think anyone has any additional suggestion please direct them to Peter. We would happy to talk with you on that. And finally we strongly believe that trends of conversing more and more features and functions into each of our three targeted end markets really continue to play into our strength and its up to us try to execute on those opportunities and we would see a good outcome. With that thank you and good afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in Broadcom's First Quarter and year 2008 Earnings Conference Call. This concludes your conference for today. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-25 16:45:00) =====
Executives: Peter Andrew - Vice President of Corporate Communications Scott A. McGregor - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Eric K. Brandt - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank  Uche Orji - UBS Allan Mishan - Oppenheimer David Wong - Wachovia  Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers Craig Berger - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Craig Ellis - Citigroup Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company Shaw Wu - American Technology Research Daniel Berenbaum - Caris & Company Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs David Wu - Global Crown Capital Amit Kapur - Piper Jaffray John Dryden - Charter Equity Research Analyst for Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom fourth quarter and year 2007 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Your speakers for today are Scott McGregor, Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer; Eric Brandt, Broadcom's Chief Financial Officer;  Henry Samueli, Broadcom's Chief Technical Officer and co-founder; and Peter Andrew, Vice President of Corporate Communications. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrew. Please go ahead. 
Peter Andrew: Thank you, Kristine. During this call, we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue, gross margin, and operating expense targets for the first quarter of 2008 and any other future periods and statements about the prospects for our various businesses and the development status and planned availability of new products.  It should be clearly understood that our actual performance and financial results may differ substantially from the forward-looking statements we make today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results include, among other things, general economic conditions and political conditions in the markets we address, are discussed in the risk factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K for 2006 and subsequent SEC filings.  A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of todays earnings press release.  As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement for any reason.  Throughout this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Todays earnings release and current report on Form 8-K filed today describe the differences between our non-GAAP and GAAP reporting, and present a reconciliation between the two for the periods reported in the release.  Please see the investors section of our website for reconciliations going back to the beginning of 2005, as well as for additional financial and statistical information, including the information disclosed in accordance with SEC Regulation G.  With that, let me turn the call over to Scott. 
Scott A. McGregor: Thanks, Peter. During the fourth quarter, Broadcom attained record revenue of $1.027 billion. Not only was it a record revenue level but the 8% sequential quarterly revenue growth was the highest Broadcom has experienced since Q1 2006. For the full year,  Broadcom reported record revenue of $3.78 billion, up about 3% year over year.  During the fourth quarter, our broadband communications business fell on a sequential basis while the enterprise networking and mobile and wireless businesses both grew, enabling Broadcom to come in at the upper end of our targeted revenue guidance.  While the business mix within the quarter did not come out exactly as we anticipated, the fact that we are still able to exceed expectations highlights Broadcom's ability to combine diversity with intense focus.  Broadcom possesses the most diverse product line to address communication needs at work, home, and on the go, along with an intense focus on voice, video, and data over both wired and wireless networks. We believe that the winners in this next generation of convergence, the convergence of communications, will be those few companies such as Broadcom that possess a product line that is both deep and broad.  We remain committed to expanding our product lines further in the future and during the fourth quarter, Broadcom invested to expand both our principal businesses and in a number of new growth areas. As highlighted during our analyst day in November, Broadcom's management team conducted an extensive portfolio review process and during the quarter, we made additional strategic portfolio management decisions to help moderate overall expense growth going forward. Eric will comment on this later.  The Broadcom management team remains committed to investing to grow the company in the future while at the same time making progress towards our targeted financial model.  With that, let me now turn the call over to Eric to talk about our financial performance in the quarter and for the full year. 
Eric K. Brandt: Thanks, Scott. We are pleased with our Q4 results. To summarize Q4, revenue of $1.027 billion was up $77 million, $32 million of which relates to the Verizon royalty payment, or roughly 8% from Q3 2007, and was at the upper end of the range provided at analyst day. This represents the fastest quarterly sequential revenue growth since Q1 of 2006.  Non-GAAP gross margin, excluding the effect of the Verizon royalty, was 52%, was down 10 basis points from last quarter, consistent with our guidance. Including the Verizon royalty payment, non-GAAP gross margin was 53.5%.  Total non-GAAP operating expense increased by $12.4 million over Q3. This was below the expected range of $15 million to $20 million provided on our last earnings call.  Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.34, which was above the $0.27 in Q3, driven by higher revenue and margin and lower-than-anticipated spending. Cash flow from operations was a strong $217 million.  Our cash and marketable securities on hand remained roughly flat for the quarter at $2.4 billion, driven primarily by $328 million of share repurchases settled in the quarter, which offsets a strong operating cash flow.  Inventory for the quarter increased by roughly $18 million to $231 million, which equates to 8.3 turns on a non-GAAP basis. This turns level of 8.3 times remains above our long-term goal of 7 to 8 turns.  At analyst day in November, we said we expected Q4 revenue could approximately be $1.015 billion to $1.030 billion, assuming a $40 million Verizon royalty earned for Q3. We said we expected solid revenue growth in our mobile and wireless business, some growth in broadband communications, and that revenue from enterprise networking would be slightly down.  We anticipated this to be driven by strong growth in the Bluetooth and wireless LAN areas with their second half of the year product ramp, offset by the normalization of Q3s unexpected strength in gigabit ethernet controller products.  What occurred in Q4 was strong revenue growth in our mobile and wireless business, modest growth in our enterprise networking business, offset by some decline in the broadband communications area, and royalty revenue of $32 million reflecting an adjusted reported received from Verizon.  With respect to our broadband communications market, the revenue decline was driven primarily by weakness within our satellite set-top box line of business. This was partially offset by revenue growth within the digital cable set-top box and broadband modem businesses.  In the mobile and wireless business, as anticipated, we benefited from growth across all lines of business, driven by new products and customer ramps and seasonal strength in Bluetooth, wireless LAN, and baseband, as well as in the GPS segment. In addition, weve included in this business the $32 million in Verizon royalties in the quarter.  Similar to last quarter and contrary to what we expected, our enterprise networking business did grow modestly, driven by growth in the business and the continued delay of timing and fall-off in the gigabit ethernet controller segment, which caused revenues from the controllers to be relatively flat quarter over quarter.  Revenue distribution for Q4 was as follows -- broadband communications accounted for 35% of total revenues; mobile and wireless, which includes the Verizon royalty for 37%; enterprise networking for 28%.  With respect to gross margin, as we forecast in October our gross margin excluding Verizon declined slightly to 52%, driven by product mix and the ramp of a number of new products and customers. Recall that our product gross margins tend to be lower for new products that have not yet moved down the cost curve.  Moving to operating expenses, non-GAAP operating expenses were up $12.4 million from our Q3 levels, or about $2.5 million below the range provided. This improvement was driven by an increased focus on cost and the timing of legal expenses, which can be highly variable.  R&D as a percentage of sales on a non-GAAP basis declined to 26.4%. We continue to operate above our long-term targeted R&D range of 20% to 22% as a percentage of sales while we continue to invest to deliver on recent design wins and a number of our emerging businesses, yet we also remain committed to returning to our targeted operating model. This increased R&D percentage will continue until those design wins convert into revenue, especially in the cellular market.  Approximately 80% of our tape-outs in Q4 were in 65-nanometer. Looking to Q1, we expect that once again approximately 80% of our tape-outs will be 65-nanometer or smaller process geometries.  We increased total company headcount in Q4 by 233 people to a worldwide total of 6,347 people. This includes almost 4,700 employees in engineering, or approximately 74% of the total headcount.  Moving to the balance sheet, as I mentioned, total cash and marketable securities were roughly flat at $2.4 billion, driven principally by the share repurchase programs. We generated strong positive cash flow from operations of $217 million. We also benefited from the proceeds of employee stock option exercises of approximately $118 million. This was offset principally by the repurchases of our common stock.  Inventory increased in Q4 by approximately $18 million to $231 million. Non-GAAP inventory turns remained strong at 8.3 times in Q4. The percentage of sales made through distributors remains low at approximately 15%. In addition, we continue to provide a large number of hubbed parts through hubbing arrangements with our customers. As a reminder, we recognize revenue through distributors and hubs on a sales-out basis.  Our days sales outstanding decreased from 38 days to 33 days, and was driven by good linearity and the timing of the Verizon payment. We expect to see DSOs return to normal levels in 2008.  As previously announced, in November we completed a $1 billion share repurchase program that commenced in February of 2007. During the quarter, as a result of that program and a new $1 billion program approved in November, the company repurchased 11.1 million shares at a cost of $338 million.  The objectives of these programs are to manage our net share dilution and return capital to shareholders. While our first priority will always be to invest in the business, we believe that given our strong operating cash flow and the pace of our investments in future businesses and emerging areas, this is currently an excellent use of our cash.  Based on current market conditions and the potential number of shares to be repurchased under the current program, at the end of Q1 we could see our non-GAAP weighted average shares outstanding share count return to the approximate levels of mid-2005.  Moving to expectations, we currently expect a seasonal revenue decline in our consumer oriented businesses in Q1 and expect that total revenue will be in the range of $975 million to $1.005 billion.  While we have no specific information, this assumes Verizon royalties will continue at a similar quarterly run-rate throughout the year. In looking at what we expect to happen in Q1, in broadband communications we expect the business to be relatively flat versus Q4. In mobile and wireless, we anticipate a seasonal decline, given the high consumer exposure of this business, offset somewhat by continuing growth in GPS.  The enterprise networking group will be relatively flat, as we expect continued growth in the switching area offset by the expected decline in the gigabit ethernet controller business.  For non-GAAP gross margin in Q1, we expect to see a slight decline in gross margin, somewhat greater than what we experienced last quarter, as we continue to ramp a number of new products to new and existing customers in the quarter.  Just to repeat, typically our newly introduced products have lower gross margins as we focus design wins initially for quick time to market.  For non-GAAP operating expenses in Q1, while we expect to continue investments in new products in the migration to 65-nanometer, including more dedicated production oriented masks, we anticipate total R&D expense growth will slow. As a result of lumpy legal expenses anticipated for Q1, we expect the non-GAAP operating expenses to increase in the $13 million to $18 million range, of which approximately half relates to legal.  Cash flow from operations for Q1 is expected to remain strong. Also, we anticipate that well continue to repurchase shares in Q1. We have approximately $844 million remaining on our current buy-back program.  And now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk about the state of the business. 
Scott A. McGregor: Thanks, Eric. Ill now provide some more details on our business. The broadband communications business came in below our original expectations in the fourth quarter, mainly due to weakness in satellite set-top boxes offset in part by stronger than expected demand in cable TV.  As I mentioned earlier, this diversity within our product lines is one of the key advantages that broadband possesses.  Looking out into the future, we see a number of opportunities to continue to grow our set-top box business, driven by the following factors: one, we see continued HD and PVR penetration within the continued adoption of more HD and PVR enabled set-top boxes across the entire pay TV segment. For example, in the United States, only 17% of cable, satellite, and IPTV subscribers have HD service today and only 25% have a PVR. Worldwide, the numbers are even lower.  The second factor is whole home services and connectivity, which is the integration of more communications capabilities, such as MoCA, ethernet, wireless LAN and Bluetooth, along with a higher penetration of broadband modems integrated into set-top boxes.  The third factor is greater MPEG-4 adoption. While IP and DVS operators have already transitioned their HD services to MPEG-4, cable MSOs have plans in place to utilize the advantages of MPEG-4 to increase their channel capacity. This will provide another potential upgrade cycle for the installed base of HD MPEG-2 set-top boxes.  The fourth factor is the analog turn-off, and this is driven by the U.S. Department of Commerce National Telecommunications and Information Administrations digital to analog converter box program. While this FCC program is aimed at terrestrial transmission, North American cable operators are also investigating similar functionality to reclaim their current analog service tier.  And the fifth factor for set-top boxes is the market entrance and expansion by further penetration across the worldwide DVS, cable, and IP set-top box segments.  Turning to new product announcements in the set-top box area, Broadcom rolled out a new family of highly integrated, 65-nanometer, high definition satellite set-top box system on a chip products. The goal of these products is to enable satellite operators to drive down the cost and power required to deploy a set-top box, reducing subscriber acquisition costs and household power consumption.  Secondly, we introduced the first consumer real-time high definition encoder transcoder, enabling the sharing of movies, pictures, and music among portable PC and TV platforms while providing for digital rights management and security.  Devices that could utilize these products include set-top boxes, home media centers, digital TVs, high definition DVD players and recorders, personal media devices, laptops, and PCs.  Moving on to broadband modems, growth in Q4 was driven by voice and gateway CPE products, along with revenue growth in the infrastructure segment. VDSL experienced strong revenue growth in the quarter in both the central office and CPE side, while ADSL was down due to year-end inventory adjustments at our larger telecom customers.  As we look into 2008, we believe that the drivers for our broadband modem business will be the continued penetration of voice capability, incorporating more switching, wireless lan, and MoCA into the modems, and the move towards VDSL2 and DOCSIS 3.0.  As we look into Q1, we expect that our broadband communications business will be approximately flat sequentially, as demand for broadband modems, set-top boxes, and consumer products remain consistent with the prior quarter.  Moving to enterprise networking, revenue from our enterprise networking business came in a bit better than anticipated in Q4, driven mainly by better than expected sales of switches. And just for clarity here, when we mean switches, we group switches, [inaudible], and related software into the switching category. This grew along with the less than expected fall-off in our gigabit ethernet controller business.  The growth in switching was driven by the continuing shift to gigabit ethernet, as well as some seasonal strength in our small and medium sized business segment, where we combine switching products with our broadband modems and wireless LAN products.  Our gigabit ethernet controller business was down slightly but stronger than anticipated. We believe that we reached a peak in this business in Q3 and expect our gigabit ethernet controller business to be down in the first half of 2008 as the market share shifts finally start to occur and the PC market encounters normal seasonality. Were working to win back market share in the next generation of PCs. During the fourth quarter, the enterprise networking announced a suite of new products for customers ranging from the consumer to the enterprise data center. These new products include the following: a new, 65-nanometer gigabit ethernet controller that combines DASH and PMCI client manage ability protocols for energy efficient, enterprise class PCs that achieve EPA Energy Star compliance; a new 65-nanometer 10-gigabit ethernet switch that combines 240 gigabits of multi-layer switching capability, along with the industrys lowest power consumption to help accelerate the migration to next generation green data centers; a new 65-nanometer five-port gigabit ethernet switch which enables ubiquitous deployment of gigabit connectivity. For the first time, a gigabit ethernet switch is available at power levels and a price point that can drive the transition from fast ethernet to gigabit ethernet in home routers, residential gateways, set-top boxes and other consumer electronics devices; and finally, fast-path 5.0 networking software that enables the delivery of voice, security, and ease of use capabilities required for small or medium sized businesses.  As we look into the future, we believe the drivers for growth within enterprise networking will be the continued growth of gigabit ethernet switching, the emergence of 10-gigabit ethernet, continued migration of the carrier metro network towards ethernet, and continued gains in the small to medium business switching segment.  With respect to Q1, we estimate that enterprise networking revenue will remain approximately flat as growth in switching and other areas offset the decline in gigabit ethernet controllers.  Moving to mobile and wireless, in Q4 our mobile and wireless revenue was up sharply, as we expected, due to growth across every line of business within this group. The biggest revenue contributors were Bluetooth, wireless LAN, and GPS, each of which benefited from a strong holiday season as well as the royalty revenue generated from our patent license agreement with Verizon.  Our cellular revenue grew through increased sales of our Edge and 3G baseband chips. While our total baseband revenue was still small, it was an important quarter for Broadcom as we announced an expansion of our 3G baseband relationship with Samsung, the worlds second-largest mobile phone manufacturer. Together with the 2G design win last quarter, we are now working with the top two providers in the cellular handset market.  Also in Q4, we announced two truly revolutionary chips, our Zeus single-chip HSUPASOC with integrated baseband, RF, multimedia, and Bluetooth, and also our 2727 Video Core 3 multimedia chip.  Customer interest in our Video Core 3 product has been very strong. We are seeing interest from both top-tier cellular handset and portable media device manufacturers, as no product in the market today combines the level of audio and video performance at such incredibly low power.  With respect to the timing of revenue from our cellular investments, as we mentioned last quarter, we do not envision substantial revenue contribution from our cellular baseband efforts in 2008. Our goal in cellular baseband is to reach a 10% unit market share by the time we exit 2009. The plan remains the same -- 2007 was a year to win designs; 2008 is the year to get products and phones done; and 2009 is the year to grow share and generate significant revenue.  In the GPS space, revenue grew nicely in Q4, driven by strong holiday demand in the PND market, personal navigation devices. As we look out into 2008, we hope to expand our share of the PND market and to see some early results from GPS capability in cellular handsets.  Customer interest is also starting to grow for converged GPS products that incorporate GPS with other wireless technologies. Well announced these products at the appropriate time.  Wireless LAN had another good quarter of revenue growth. Broadcom maintained its overall number one position in wireless LAN, according to several market research reports issued in Q4.  802.11n experienced continued strong revenue growth while 802.11g was down slightly. N revenue grew almost 50% sequentially for us in this seasonally strong quarter. The migration from g to n continues and were seeing additional applications for wireless LAN, such as multimedia distribution around the home.  At CES, a number of our customers introduced their next generation 802.11n routers, focused on delivering true multimedia distribution throughout the home.  With respect to converged communication products, we expect to begin shipping our triple-play, Bluetooth, FM, and wireless LAN devices in the second half of 2008.  In Bluetooth, we experienced another record quarter of revenue, driven by growth within the PC, embedded, and cellular segments. We anticipate a continued Bluetooth headset ramp as we move into 2008.  Sales into the cellular market continue to be the strongest revenue driver, where we benefited from being first to market with converged products such as Bluetooth plus FM. Revenue from our Bluetooth plus FM product doubled from Q3 as we experienced strong demand across our top cellular handset customers.  The embedded and PC segments also experienced strong revenue growth due to continued demand for certain gaming platforms and the continued penetration of Bluetooth into PCs and notebooks.  As we look into Q1, we believe that revenue within the mobile and wireless segment will be down, mainly due to normal seasonal consumer buying patterns, but partly offset by some ongoing ramps in both Bluetooth and GPS.  Moving to the topic of Qualcomm, on the litigation front we had another good quarter in our effort to halt Qualcomms pervasive infringement of our intellectual property. Our goals remain simple and have not changed since this all started.  The first one is to gain proper recognition of the value of Broadcom's significant intellectual property, especially in the wireless space; and number two, to achieve a level, competitive playing field in the cellular chip markets.  In terms of recent events, on January 7th, Judge Major in San Diego issued her sanctions again Qualcomm and its outside lawyers for their monumental discovery violations. Judge Majors order on sanctions follows the news on December 20th that the U.S. International Trade Commission has opened an investigation to determine whether Qualcomm is in violation of the Commissions cease and desist order. That order was issued in the ITC's earlier investigation of Qualcomms infringement of a Broadcom patent. The Commission will now determine whether additional enforcement measures are appropriate.  The new investigation involves our claim that Qualcomms supposed work-around of our 983 patent continues to infringe our patent, among other items. A hearing before the ITC is scheduled in April.  On December 31st, a Federal judge in Santa Ana, California, enjoined Qualcomms 3G and push-to-talk products, following a jury determination that Qualcomm infringes three other Broadcom patents. Infringing wideband CDMA and new EVDO products are enjoined outright, while legacy EVDO products may ship for a limited time to legacy customers only.  What this means is that except for the legacy products, all work done in the U.S. with respect to Qualcomm products that have been found to infringe our patents and those that are not tolerably different must stop immediately. This includes making, using, or selling certain chips and software.  As you know, we have additional patent, anti-trust, and unfair competition claims against Qualcomm that have not yet been addressed at trial. To date, Qualcomm has either lost or dismissed all of its claims against Broadcom.  With regard to settlement discussions, weve had no discussions with Qualcomm in months, as it appears that Qualcomm has bet its future and its end customers upcoming product launches on the patent appeals process.  As we said last year, we remain open to a resolution that would allow us to achieve our two objectives stated earlier. We believe this would be a positive outcome for Broadcom, for Qualcomm, and all the industry participants that are affected by the current litigation.  That concludes our prepared remarks. We are now ready to take your questions. Kristine, may we have the first question?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Shawn Webster from J.P. Morgan.
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Can you give us an update on your channel and customer inventories, the way you see them, maybe by some of your key end markets? And then I have a follow-up question on OpEx. 
Eric K. Brandt: I would say that there is nothing specifically abnormal. You know, theres some puts and takes in different places but nothing that sort of jumps out at us as being abnormal at this point in time. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and then for your operating expenses, you are up a couple hundred more heads in the quarter. Do you have plans to slow the headcount growth at all as we move our way through 2008? And maybe you could help us flesh out how we should expect your operating expenses to grow this year?
Eric K. Brandt: Sure. So as weve said previously, our intention was to try to slow our operating expense growth and I think you can see the early parts of that. And while we dont intend any shocks to the system, I think as you sort of slow this down across the time period, thats what we are going to do. So you should see the headcount growth plus or minus acquisitions, begin to slow across the year and then ultimately, the operating expenses to slow with it, net of our annual merit increase process, which occurs in Q2, and any sort of significant investment which weve mentioned in the past that we would make relative to any additional tier one type of cellular opportunity that came our way.  Weve heard the message from our investors. We are aware that we grew R&D over 2007 by 27% and that our revenue grew by 3%, and we need to start leveraging value from those investments across 2007 and not necessarily shock our system in 2008 but make better choices and focus better in 2008. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay, fair enough. Can you talk about your bookings and order trends? What percent are you booked for Q1? And how was linearity coming into the quarter?
Eric K. Brandt: On average, we are 80% to 90% booked going into a quarter. The linearity for Q4 was very strong. I dont want to comment necessarily on the linearity for Q1 as we are just sort of in the first month of Q1, but I would say at least as see it now, there is nothing abnormal. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Benjamin from Jefferies & Company.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: Just to clarify, on the mobile and wireless business, you saw growth across all your business lines in the quarter?
Scott A. McGregor: That is correct. 
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: And in terms of the Q1 guidance, you expect that to be down, seasonally offset by GPS and Bluetooth ramps -- so should we -- we shouldnt assume that those businesses will be up sequentially, should we?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, what we said is that the overall mobile and wireless segment would be down but that the seasonality would be muted by ramps that we are seeing at customers. We didnt break out specific ones. 
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: Okay. Can you guys break out -- typically youve provided the highest, the segment that provides the highest percentage of revenue, what percentage that was without giving the exact segment?
Eric K. Brandt: Sure. In terms of our lines of business, Adam, we had two lines of business that were above 10% of sales out of our 21 to 22 lines of business, and the biggest one was in the mid-teens. 
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: Okay, great. Thats all I have, guys. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank : On the OpEx side of things first, as we look at some of the belt-tightening you are doing there, how do we think about business opportunities that you are not going to invest in? Is there any area that we can think about that you are kind of walking a little bit away from?
Scott A. McGregor: We dont generally break out the areas -- I apologize for that, but in general we are investing in the things that we see as the best opportunities going forward and give us the best return on the investment, so thats our focus as a team and as we have looked at things, weve seen some things where we could reduce.  It doesnt mean we are cutting our investments. It means that we are moderating our growth rate in terms of investments going forward to allow our revenue growth to catch up and get us back to model. 
Eric K. Brandt: And just to add to that, you may recall I said that on average, our operating expenses grow at about 5% per quarter and really what we are trying to do is figure out if we could pull that back one, two, three points off of that. And thats really what we are working to do and I think the actions that we have taken in Q4, while this is a big ship, it takes a little while to slow it down. We think well see that across the year. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank : It sounds like its a little less spending spread across the board rather than any kind of concentrated areas of pain -- is that a fair summation?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, there are areas where we have dramatically either increased or reduced investment, so its not -- we didnt peanut butter this across the organization. Dont get that impression. This is a set of decisions made on where are the things that are going to return a lot to the shareholders and good investments going forward, and where are some that are less good decisions? Its good portfolio management and thats what were doing. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank : A quick follow-up; when you talked about the three areas that you expected to be solid growth drivers in 08, if I remember, the Bluetooth, WiFi, and HD TV were the same ones you talked about in 07. Could you just talk a little bit about how those have progressed to date? And if you care to kind of quantify year over year, is the growth in those segments going to be bigger in 08 than it was in 07?
Scott A. McGregor: Thats sort of hard to predict in some of those cases. Well have to see how fast some of the customer ramps go.  Digital television is an exciting one. Weve got a number of customers there -- LG and Sharp. We showed devices at CES, very, very nice products there and those are selling well.  In the year 2008, we expect to pick up additional customers and see additional products go out there, and that will drive the growth as well as the continued success with those two visible customers.  In the Bluetooth area, I think one of the things that is really going to drive Bluetooth is the increased ramp of headsets. Bluetooth overall is a pretty strong category between games, cellular handset penetration. But I think headsets is a real opportunity to gain market share and should really help us with the growth there.  In wireless LAN, 802.11n is doing very, very well and were seeing, as I mentioned in my remarks, we saw 50% sequential growth from Q3 to Q4 in 802.11n, so I think we are now on a very good point in the ramping curve for that and we have some very strong products.  One of the things thats going to help across wireless in general is the combo products that weve done, Bluetooth plus FM being the first one. But I think as we roll out additional combination products, were seeing very, very strong interest from customers and this is something that Broadcom has a unique capability.  Our competitors really havent shown that they can put together the combo products and as our customers look for cost savings, board space savings, and us solving the compatibility problems between the different wireless components, its a very attractive set of products and these are all coming out in 65-nanometer with integrated radios and in some cases, integrated power amplifiers. A really good product set there and I think thats driving a lot of the growth. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS: Just very quickly, let me ask you about the gross margin outlook with 65-nanometers. How much of your shipment and also tape-outs right now is 65? I know you said gross margins next quarter will be slightly lower because of the new product ramps, but at what point should we expect to see a crossover gross margin [inaudible] impacted by the 65-nanometer product?
Eric K. Brandt: First, on the tape-outs, I said for the current quarter about 80% were 65-nanometer and we think about that same number for Q1 as well, so Q4 and Q1 about the same rate.  In terms of shipping of product, 65-nanometer represents in the 1% range of our products. Its really very low right now and with a little bit of luck, by the end of next year we could be approaching in the 20% range.  Again, the issue is these products are priced and built for time to market first, so that we can get them out there and get them in place. And what we are really trying to do is build converged devices which have a competitive advantage and we should see a lower slope of ASP decline while we are reducing the actual cost of the chip.  What that timeline is, its hard to say. I mean, I think again if you look at our charts of gross margin and growth rate, what youll see is that gross margin tends to come under pressure as the growth rate begins to accelerate and then begins to drift back up as the growth rate moderates. I mean, its sort of a perverse thing and it lags about one or two quarters.  We think the same thing will be true here. Its hard to predict what that will do and where our ASP declines will go beyond a quarter or two, but were doing the best we can to give you the best insight we can. 
Peter Andrew: I mean, the key thing about 65-nanometer is we really see that as a chance to accelerate revenue versus push our gross margins to a brand new level, so we really hope to leapfrog a lot of the competition with some of the convergence products that Eric and Scott mentioned earlier. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Thats helpful. Just one more question, please; in terms of ADSL, the inventory adjustment you mentioned, was that a one quarter event or will that [inaudible] time? Are there any particular geographies where this might be occurring?
Scott A. McGregor:  Generally when we talk about inventory issues, we think of those as short-term events, so approximately a quarter or so. We dont see that as a long-term thing going on through the year.  I cant comment specifically on geographies but you can probably assume its in the larger deploying geographies. 
Uche Orji - UBS: And just one last question -- can you just tell me who are your better than 10% sales customers in the quarter?
Eric K. Brandt: We cant do that. The 10-K will be out probably in the next week or so. Youll have it for the top customers but I dont know that we even break out the 10% customers anymore. We do in the K. 
Scott A. McGregor: Yeah, we only do it in the 10-K. We dont break it out on a quarterly basis. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you very much. 
Operator: The next question comes from Allan Mishan from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Allan Mishan - Oppenheimer: In terms of the Verizon royalty, should we now assume $32 million or so for six-and-a-half quarters instead of $40 million for five quarters?
Eric K. Brandt: I have a joke. When I was a partner in a professional service firm, we say that it takes three points to draw a line. A partner can draw it through two points and a senior partner can draw it through one point. We only have one point right now so its hard to draw a line through that one point. 
Scott A. McGregor: You were a senior partner though, right, Eric?
Eric K. Brandt: No, I wasnt. I left just before I became a senior partner, but I would say for the time being thats probably a reasonable assumption until we have some additional data from Verizon, which we could update you with. Well try to update you certainly in the next quarter based on what we see. 
Scott A. McGregor: There will be variability because remember, that is directly associated with what Verizon ships. Thats the key point. 
Eric K. Brandt: And we dont have a picture of their seasonality. Probably the best thing to do would be to go to some of the industry reports on phones that are shipped and Verizon phones that are shipped and try to approximate off of that. 
Allan Mishan - Oppenheimer: Okay, great and then in the set-top box area, I think last year you had commented that normally the first half is higher than the second half seasonally. Given the changes you are seeing now in satellite and cable, do you still expect that to be the case?
Scott A. McGregor:  Generally so. When we look at what happened here, we saw a fall-off specifically in satellite. The cable set-top box business was quite strong, so I think its very segment specific.  One of the advantages of Broadcom is that we are strong in cable and satellite and in IT set-top box and so as market share shifts from one to the other, we are relatively insulated from that in terms of our revenues. 
Operator: The next question comes from David Wong from Wachovia. 
David Wong - Wachovia : You may have alluded to this already but apart from Broadcoms specific successes or issues, do you see any signs of weakening or alternatively strengthening in any of your end markets, factoring out seasonality?
Scott A. McGregor: I think what you are trying to ask is are we seeing some economic horrible clouds on the horizon. I read the reports like everyone else but as of the order book this morning, we dont see anything unusual. 
David Wong - Wachovia : Do you see any of your end markets strengthening at this point?
Scott A. McGregor: Absolutely. We see a number of end markets strengthening. Its interesting because I would say our customers have become a little cautious in terms of ordering on shorter lead times but at the same time, the number of expedites when they decide they really do need the products has gone up dramatically.  I think we see specific customers with success in their programs and Ive mentioned some of the drivers we see in 2008 and those are areas where we see strength right now. 
Operator: The next question comes from Cody Acree from Stifel Nicolaus.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: With some of the areas that maybe surprised you with upside growth in the quarter, did you see any areas where you thought you might have seen a little double ordering or excess inventory build that may need a little bit of clearing up here in Q1?
Scott A. McGregor: I mentioned that I think in a previous call where we have seen some of that in PCs. We dont see particularly any excess inventories here right now except for possibly the satellite area we mentioned. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and even in something like 820.11n that grew as strongly as it did?
Scott A. McGregor: No, actually we see pretty good sell-through in those areas, so were -- we believe its relatively lean in our customer channels. 
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Perfect. Thanks. 
Operator: The next question comes from Srini Pajjuri from Merrill Lynch.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Eric, you said of the $13 million to $18 million increase, half of that is related to legal. Im just wondering, is that all that you are spending on legal, the $8 million or $9 million, or is there more to it?  And then, as I look out to the next three, four quarters, I guess if you settle with Qualcomm that will come down, but is there any hope for that to come down if you dont settle with Qualcomm?
Eric K. Brandt: It tends to be lumpy, as I mentioned, so it depends on the amount of time we are in court in any given quarter and the number of cases we think that well start or end in any given quarter. So the down that we were down in SG&A this past quarter was also due to legal being, declining quarter on quarter and then sort of coming back in Q1.  Is that all we spend on legal? No, legal is definitely bigger than a bread box. We are spending a fair bit more than that. Again, the issue is sort of what starts and stops in any given quarter and whats in court.  I dont know that I would say that we think it would come down if we didnt settle with Qualcomm. Theres always going to be ongoing litigation as it relates to a company thats in as deeply as we are in IP and defend our IP as vigorously as we do.  Our hope is that it would end and that would certainly cut a fair bit of our legal costs and potentially provide some additional economics as well. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then one more clarification -- the share count, you said your goal is to bring the share count back to mid-2005 levels. Im looking at my model and I guess in Q2, you were at 540 and in Q3, you were at 570. Im just wondering which number youre targeting. 
Eric K. Brandt: Why dont you for the time being use something between -- in the 575 range. It really depends on what the stock -- you know, theres two pieces, right? Theres the share buy-back and the treasury method effect associated with the stock price. So based on our current calculations, we think probably in the 575 range might actually be close to what happens. 
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and my last question, on the satellite set-top box weakness, Im just wondering, is it just the market being weak or is this related to any share shifts in the market? Thank you. 
Scott A. McGregor: I think it probably has something to do with some share shift and perhaps some weakness in the market. I dont think theres any one particular factor thats driving that. 
Eric K. Brandt: Thats not share shift from the IC suppliers. Thats really probably share shift more in the market but thats probably a better question to address to the satellite operators out there. 
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Luke from Lehman Brothers. 
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Eric, just a clarification; as you mentioned, your SG&A seemed to come down sequentially. You mentioned that was partially due to a slightly lower legal. In guiding the legal being half of the OpEx increase, is that going to -- is that in the SG&A line and then the rest of the increase is R&D? And then for Scott, I just had a question on the wins in 3G with Samsung, when one might expect to see the beginning of shipments for that platform, and if you could just confirm again when we should expect to see the edge ramp with Nokia. Thanks. 
Eric K. Brandt: Yes, Tim, I would say the real driver of the SG&A increase is pretty much just the legal side of things. In this quarter, R&D was up $14.6 million, although we were up 12.4, so if you split those numbers in half and you sort of look at the 13 to 18, divide them in half and say roughly half of that is legal, youll get a sense of -- and SG&A, really, youll get a sense of the rate at which we are slowing the spending down. Hopefully that helps you as you think about the rest of the year. 
Scott A. McGregor: Related to your cell phone question, we said in our last conference call that we encouraged you to model Nokia for 2009 revenue. And for Samsung, we are currently shipping 3G with a number of Samsung phones today, so those are already in the marketplace and we expect the number of those phone models to grow over the course of this year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Berger from Friedman, Billings, Ramsey.
Craig Berger - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Can you, given that it takes 12 to 18 months to ramp a handset into production, you must be getting better visibility as to whether you are going to reach your year-end 2009 target. Are there any metrics that you can talk about or provide us about design wins at other customers or other wins or what milestones we might be looking for?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, as I share with a number of you at the analyst day, this is a frustrating period for us because we cant talk about customer wins until they get in the market, or until they allow us to do so. So there may not be very much color we can add on that as we go throughout the year.  And in general, we cant talk about models until they actually ship, and so that makes it a little harder, although as I said before, 2007 was the year we focused on design wins and we announced some pretty good ones with the top two cellular makers in the world.  And this year, were really in execution mode in terms of getting those design wins into production, getting a variety of models completed and out in the field. And then, depending on the success of those models, we could see various growth rates.  The cell phone business, its important to not only have popular models but to have a variety of models so that you have a broader base to grow from. So thats where we are going to concentrate this year, on getting a variety of models done with multiple customers and thats the basis on which we have a goal to get the 10% number in 2009. 
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Ellis from Citigroup.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Just two clarification questions here, first on the gross margin side; Eric, I think the business typically benefits when foundry utilization starts to come down, albeit with a lag. Is that something that would begin to start to benefit gross margins as we think about the second quarter?
Eric K. Brandt: I dont think we have significant -- at least I dont know that we know that there are significant changes in foundry utilization at this point. I think it depends on what happens across the rest of the industry but yes, youre right. Certainly if foundry utilization were to come down, we would be able to see some benefit from that.  Were also aggressively trying to get benefit from multi-sourcing as well, so a lot of these things are on the plate and I think the quicker we get to 65-nanometer and ramp that, also the quicker well get benefit as well.  So were paying attention to all those things. Its just too early to say what that short-term benefit would be. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay, thanks for that, and then for Scott, the video core product got very good reviews at CES. You talked about it quite a bit. Should we think about that as being a product that ramps for revenue, consistent with how youve been talking about the cellular business? Or is that something that can start to generate revenue as we think about the second half of 2008?
Scott A. McGregor: The advantage of the video core product is that it doesnt require the extensive certification and other things that a cell-phone baseband would have, so its able to get to market faster than a baseband. I think it remains to be seen whether we can generate significant revenue this year out of it. I think its a 2009 is what I suggest you model it. But its a very, very popular product with customers. Its just a -- its a rule-changer and I think its going to be exciting and you are going to see it in some interesting places. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Can you talk a little bit more about what those interesting places would be, whether its high-end handsets or other portable devices?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, the market we originally targeted for was handsets and our vision is that cellular handsets really just dont make phone calls going forward. They are portable devices that deal with media.  The 2727 Video Core 3 will do things such as HD playback. You can do 720p quality HD playback for something like six hours on a cell-phone battery, [900-million] amp power cell-phone battery. It will do about three hours of HD video recording on a cell-phone battery. So that basically means you could take this and you could turn your cell-phone, with a little bit of decent optics, maybe, but you could turn your cell-phone into an HD camcorder that would record for three hours.  And we think thats really interesting because its going to drive the capability into a lot of devices. Now, could you put it in a camcorder? Yes. You can make a camcorder out of it. Would it make sense in a personal media player? Yes. Would this same functionality make sense in other portable devices? You can probably imagine some it could go in.  It also has very, very good game capability. We can do -- lets see, theres a demo we were able to show at CES and some other things, but we can show extremely high frame rates with many, many millions of polygons simultaneously. So its probably in the game range somewhere above PlayStation 2 in terms of its videogame capability of polygon shading.  So a very, very impressive product and theres a lot of interesting things you can do with it. Let me be a little vague after that, but again, very, very broad customer interest for it. 
Operator: The next question comes from Quinn Bolton from Needham & Company.
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: A quick question for Eric; Eric, when you talk about this sort of moderating expense growth, does that factor in the merit increases that I think you said are planned for the second quarter each year?
Eric K. Brandt: Well, like I -- I said net of that, so what typically -- I think last year we said it was about $11 million, $11.5 million of the expense increase in Q2 was related to that merit increase process. So its a similar number plus the increase in headcount, so I dont have an exact number and Ill be able to provide you a better number when we get on the first quarter call and we project it out a little bit better. But something like that would occur in Q2. And in our book, what we are trying to do is try to say net of that change, which is the cost of living adjustment across the year, what is the real rate of growth of spending, and thats driven by both headcount costs, engineering tools, prototyping, those sorts of things, and trying to manage those costs to be more effective.  Again, we grew expenses at 27% this year, lets say 25% compound over the last two years and now we need to start getting some benefit from those, driving revenue growth before we start increasing expense growth again. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: Great. Thanks for the clarification and then just any more color you can provide on anticipated royalties from the Qualcomm -- I think that begins after March 31st, or is it still too early? I think youve got a few more gates in court before that all gets hashed out. 
Eric K. Brandt: We havent received any data from Qualcomm on how much money they would be paying us over time. We look forward to receiving that from them and once we have something, if its material and meaningful, well certainly talk about it.  So at this point, its probably best to ask them how much money they are going to pay us per quarter. 
Operator: The next question comes from Shaw Wu from American Technology Research.
Shaw Wu - American Technology Research: I just want dive in more into your GPS comments. Frankly, I was a little surprised that you are citing it as one of your stronger areas already. Its a fairly new business for you guys. Just wondering, the strength of that business is that -- actually, more going forward, is that more predicated on gaining more PND wins or do you see it more as you are pushing GPS technologies into other types of, other platforms like cell-phones? Thanks. 
Scott A. McGregor: Longer term, its certainly going to be a much larger cell-phone revenues that drive that, rather than PND devices. PND devices, we certainly have some excellent design wins there and thats the bulk of the revenue today. But I think if you look out a year or two, its going to be predominantly the cell-phone business. So thats a great growth opportunity for us.  It isnt super large in terms of absolute size for us today but its growing at a pretty good sequential rate and we do expect that to be a good contributor to Broadcom over the course of the year. 
Shaw Wu - American Technology Research: Thanks for the color. 
Operator: The next question comes from Daniel Berenbaum from Caris & Company.
Daniel Berenbaum - Caris & Company: Back to OpEx a little bit -- can you maybe talk about what your plans are with stock-based compensation, give us a little idea of how thats going to trend over the course of the year?
Eric K. Brandt: We remain committed to move this down to a more normative level, so last year we did about 4.6% dilution. Our stock-based compensation in the quarter was about $130 million. I think well be closer to the 4% range, plus or minus what we see normal atrits and forfeitures, so well probably migrate down about a half-a-point this year. I think through the share repurchase program weve got out at the current stock prices, well certainly buy back more than that.  So thats the current plan and we continue to be focused on it and migrating it in the right direction. 
Daniel Berenbaum - Caris & Company: And do you think, is that going to have to be made up by cash comp? In other words, should I expect to see cash comp come up to balance the decrease in stock-based comp?
Scott A. McGregor: Weve been making a number of change over the last three to four years in terms of bringing up the cash comp and lowering the equity portion of it, so Id say weve already made those investments. 
Eric K. Brandt: We have and I think well continue to do so but they are factored into our estimates as we go forward. 
Daniel Berenbaum - Caris & Company: Okay, great, and then if I can sneak one in on 3G, the -- if you can give us some color on the number of 3G chips that you shipped in the quarter and for the full year?
Scott A. McGregor: I dont have that data. I apologize. 
Daniel Berenbaum - Caris & Company: Okay, thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Seogju Lee from Goldman Sachs.
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Just a question on GPS; I think you said you expect it to grow in Q1. Im not too familiar with the seasonality of that business so if you could just talk about that a little bit and what the drivers are for Q1, thatd be great. Thanks. 
Scott A. McGregor: Broadcom is traditionally more of a product cycle driven company than a company that focuses on macro seasonality and things like that, so often product ramps drive a lot of that. So we do expect GPS to certainly grow throughout the year. We dont break it out quarter by quarter which grows, but we certainly expect GPS to grow nicely through the year. 
Eric K. Brandt: Remember, this was a very strong holiday season for GPS products overall. Thats kind of some of the feedback that were getting from the report that you guys are writing, so our end customers apparently did very well in the fourth quarter. 
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks. Good luck. 
Operator: The next question comes from David Wu from Global Crown Capital.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: I have just one clarification question. The clarification is given what we now know about the ramps on 65-nanometer, et cetera, should we be looking at the gross margin bottoming some time in the second half as you have higher volume of the new products hitting volume, so to speak, or down the learning curve? And this sort of 10% or 20% basis point quarter over quarter decline ex the Verizon come to an end sometime in later on this year?
Eric K. Brandt: Again, I would say its early to say exactly what the trend is on the gross margin beyond the current quarter. Weve said that we think our gross margin is sort of in the 50% to 52% range. I said last quarter I thought that we would be closer to the middle end of that range over the course of the year. Obviously well try to do better than that.  To project it, it really does depend on what Craig said earlier, on foundry capacity and some other things. So hard to say for sure and I think well just watch it closely and let you know. I mean, to the extent that we continue to have significant growth ramps across this year and through next year, we could continue to see some pressure on the gross margin as we do that. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay. The other one I have is a question on investments. As I look at the -- you know, you are obviously ramping the cellular part of that portfolio and I take a look at the numbers and they would indicate something in the order of $200 million worth of investments to get into this business and that requires about $0.5 billion roughly of revenues to cover. A, am I approximately right? And B, it sounds like -- can we do -- I was thinking whether we could do something in the order of $0.5 billion in revenue from cell-phone, whether its just baseband or all the other stuff put in, in calendar 09?
Eric K. Brandt: Let me deal with the expense piece first. I dont know if you were at analyst day, but at analyst day we showed a chart that showed that roughly one quarter of R&D expenditures were in the cellular space. Our R&D expenditure for this past quarter, if I remember correctly, is $271 million. If you annualize that across four quarters, youd be close to $1.1 billion, I think 1.08 to be specific. If you then divide that out, youll come up in the vicinity of sort of $250 million to $300 million for a cellular investment.  So thats sort of the dollar range were talking about but its plus or minus in the 25% range. As far as the revenue side of things, we havent provided guidance for 2009. We are absolutely cognizant of our operating model and trying to drive our R&D expenditures back to model in the 20% to 22% range. We dont have a specific timing to provide you on that but I do think you can look at the signs and the slowing rate of R&D growth and the acceleration of revenue, we hope, across the year to give you some picture as to how quickly well begin to migrate that back to model. Thats probably the best picture I can give you at a macro level. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay, the $250 million to $300 million a year, I assume this is more than just baseband, right? It includes things like the stuff that goes with it, like FM radio and -- 
Eric K. Brandt: No, no. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Just baseband?
Scott A. McGregor: No, it includes baseband, it includes radio that goes with our baseband, thats integrated in with it. It includes power management. It includes software. Software is -- there are more software engineers in our cellular group than hardware engineers, so it includes a variety of those different things.  The wireless connectivity piece is separate from that and that would be where we would have Bluetooth, wireless LAN, FM radio, GPS, things like that. 
Operator: The next question comes from Amit Kapur from Piper Jaffray.
Amit Kapur - Piper Jaffray: With the global handset market continuing to shift towards lower ASP phones, can you maybe talk about how that changes how you are positioning your chip solutions into that market and whether you see maybe price becoming a more important factor going forward?
Scott A. McGregor: I observe the same things as you do and one of the things that works our really well for us is the high level of integration in our chips. If you look at the Edge integrated chip we have, the Venus chip, its a very highly integrated solution. It allows you to build a really cost effective 2G Edge solution and you can see the same thing as we migrate our 3G solutions.  Its interesting because I think the wideband CDMA phones will move very quickly to the HSUPA/HSPA phones, and creating a low cost HSPA phone is very interesting. And the Zeus product that we announced recently is ideally targeted for that segment.  So we think weve done a good job at positioning. Were not going for the ultra low-cost phones. Thats not a market we target right now. Thats unfortunately ultra low margin also, so weve skipped that space. Were targeting the Edge and up, if you will. And then going for low cost, high value products in each of those spaces, 2G and 3G. 
Amit Kapur - Piper Jaffray: Great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: The next question comes from John Dryden from Charter Equity Research.
John Dryden - Charter Equity Research: First, for Eric, with the increased R&D of $15 million and then cut in half for March, can you talk about how much was a positive transition of multi-purpose wafers and/or versus the increased cellular investment? And then for Scott, can you update us on the power management strategy and any incremental success with the 59001 and the 59035, from both an integrated solution with the chipset and a discrete solution at other customers?
Eric K. Brandt: So in Q4, the $14.6 million, its hard to say. It varies. Sometimes it -- you know, rule of thumb can be anywhere between a half to two-thirds headcount related and about one-third related to tools, prototyping, et cetera. Thats probably the best way to lay it out.  In terms of splitting it by business, weve never split it by business so I dont really want to start on that going forward. I think as you look into Q1, thats probably the best picture Ive got right now. I mean, how it plays out really depends on the number of masks that come out but certainly in Q4 we were seeing, as we did in Q3, more dedicated masks as a number of these chips got ready to go into production oriented masks and get ready for production. And I suspect we will see more of that as we roll into 2008 as I mentioned during analyst day.  So that will put some pressure on the cost but even in the face of that, again we still think we believe that we can moderate our expenses. 
Scott A. McGregor: Regarding your power management question, power management is doing quite well. Weve got some great products out there. Unfortunately, I cant tell you about unannounced customers but I can give you a couple of observations. If you were to take apart some of those Samsung 3G phones out there, you would notice power management chips from Broadcom. And as of today, weve shipped about a million units of power management, just to give you a perspective.  So its not enough to be a lot of revenue yet but its enough to be an interesting contributor and its a good growth area for us going forward. 
John Dryden - Charter Equity Research: Can you comment if anybody is interested in the discrete solution or if everybody is going for the attachment with the chipset?
Scott A. McGregor: I cant comment on that, unfortunately. 
John Dryden - Charter Equity Research: Thanks for taking my questions. 
Operator: The final question comes from Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America Securities.
Analyst for Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: This is Ian for Sumit. Eric, just a question for you on the OpEx; given the time lags you identified, do you think by the end of 08 youll have had the full magnitude of the OpEx slowdown that you are anticipating, and are you thinking about anything else throughout the year? And I have a quick follow-up. 
Eric K. Brandt: What we are saying to is that weve sort of gone through our budgeting process. We have a picture of how we are going to spend during the course of the year and we believe that we can slow the rate of growth. Again, I used the tanker example, I use a horse example, you know, when you slow a horse down, you have to slow a horse down before it gets to a trot or a walk and well do that across the year.  In terms of what we think will happen in 09, it really depends on specific customer opportunities and the rate at which revenue is sort of ramping at that point in time. The management team is committed to driving profitable growth and thats what we are focused on.  While we realize in short times, in short periods of time we may grow expenses faster than revenue, we know over the long-term we need to grow revenue and profits at the same rate or better. So thats really what we did and we started looking from 09 back to come up with the plan for 08 and thats what were doing.  More data on that, unfortunately I wish I could give you more since we are only really reporting the end of Q4, more data on that as the year unfolds. 
Analyst for Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Okay, thanks, and then just a quick question on the cellular outlook; thinking about Nokia revenues as more of a 2009 phenomenon, are you still on track to double revenues in 08 off your small base?
Scott A. McGregor: I dont think weve given specific guidance on that, but yes, were still planning to grow our 2008 revenue and I think the rollout with Samsung and some of the other things we are doing will enable us to do that.  Okay. Thank you very much. In closing, Id like to thank all of you for joining us on the call this afternoon and I would like to leave you with three important points from our call.  The first one, in Q4 and for the full year 2007, we achieved record revenue while at the same time generating solid cash flows from operations. I think thats something Broadcom is very good at doing in terms of really generating a solid cash flow.  Number two, we remain committed to getting back to our targeted operating model and to that end, we have made strategic moves to moderate our overall expense growth in 2008, as Eric clarified there.  And then finally, youve heard a lot of good products we have. We remain very excited about the opportunities ahead of us in each of our target segments.  With that, thank you very much and good afternoon. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Broadcom fourth quarter and year 2007 earnings conference call. This concludes your conference for today. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-23 16:45:00) =====
Executives: Scott McGregor - President and CEO Henry Samueli - CTO and Co-founder Eric Brandt - CFO Peter Andrew - VP, Corporate Communications
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Craig Ellis - Citi Investment Allen Mishan - CIBC World Markets Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch Uche Orji - UBS Quinn Bolton - Needham& Company Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers Adam Benjamin -Jefferies & Company Shaw Wu - American Technology Daniel Berenbaum - Carris and Company John Dryden - Charter Equity David Wu - Global Crown Capital
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcom Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2007 EarningsCall. During the presentation, all participants will be on a listen-only mode.Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, thisconference is being recorded Tuesday, October 23, 2007. Your speakers for today are Scott McGregor, BroadcomsPresident and Chief Executive Officer; Henry Samueli, Broadcoms ChiefTechnical Officer and Co Founder; Eric Brandt, Broadcoms Chief FinancialOfficer; and Peter Andrew, Vice President of Corporate Communications. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew.Mr. Andrew, please go ahead.
Peter Andrew: Thank you, Jackie. During this call, we will be discussingsome factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. Theseforward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue,gross margin and operating expense targets for the fourth quarter of 2007, andany other future periods and statements about prospects for our variousbusinesses and the development status and planned availability of new products. It should be clearly understood, that our actual performanceand financial results may differ substantially from the forward-lookingstatements we make today. Specific factors that may affect our business andfuture results are discussed in the risk factors section of our Annual Reporton Form 10-K for 2006 and subsequent SEC filings.  A partial list of these important risk factors is set forthat the end of today's earnings press release.  As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or updatepublicly any forward-looking statement for any reason. Throughout this call, wewill be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Today's earningsrelease and the current report on Form 8-K filed today, describe the differencesbetween our non-GAAP and GAAP reporting and present a reconciliation betweenthe two periods reported in this release.  Please see the investor's section of our website forreconciliations going back to the beginning of 2005, as well as for additionalfinancial and statistical information, including the information disclosed inaccordance with SEC Regulation G.  Before we proceed, I'd like to remind everyone about ourupcoming 2007 Analyst Day on November 8th in San Francisco. If anyone needs any information,please give me a call after our earnings call this evening.  With that, let me turn the call over to Scott. 
Scott McGregor : Thank you, Peter and good afternoon to everyone. I ampleased to announce that Broadcom has achieved record revenue, with anotherquarter of strong cash-flow from operations. Revenue in the third quarter camein a bit stronger than expected, driven mainly by sales of our Bluetooth andWireless LAN solutions, as this a seasonally strong time of the year for thoselines of business.  Broadcom is a product cycle-driven company. We arebenefiting from new customers product ramp, platform expansion within ourexisting customer base, and new technologies such as 802.11n and a combinedBluetooth and FM chip. In the Enterprise Networking and broadband markets, Broadcomhas already proven its ability to integrate an increasing number of featuresand functions onto a single piece of silicon, so much so, that many switches,set-top boxes, broadband modems and more recently digital TVs are now coveredby converged single-chip solutions. In Wireless end-markets such as Bluetooth Wireless LAN andCellular, we're now entering a second phase of conversion, moving beyondintegrating more features and functions, towards integrating multiple forms ofcommunication onto a single chip. The convergence of communication, to be clearwhat we are talking about here, is not simply the ability to integrate puredigital radios with basebands and processors, as part of what we call the firstphase of conversions. The second phase of conversion is the ability to integrateother communication solutions, such as Bluetooth, Wireless LAN, FM receive andtransmit, GPS, etcetera, onto the same chip, with the primary baseband itsradio and associated processors.  As we integrate more and more of these capabilities onto asingle piece of silicon, we believe that will enable our customers to createmarket-leading, cutting-edge products. We plan to invest aggressively throughout2008 to accelerate the second phase of conversion, while at the same time we'llcontinue our R&D investments to enter and gain share in the larger andgrowing cellular handset market.  Last quarter, Broadcom and our customers made a number ofannouncements, highlighting the progress we have been making in both productsand design wins. I'll talk more about these in a few minutes, but first I'llturn the call over to Eric talk about the quarter from a financial prospectiveand provide our guidance for Q4.
Eric Brandt: Thanks Scott. We are pleased with our Q3 results. Tosummarize as follows, revenue of $950 million was up $52 million or roughly 6%from Q2 2007, and with $10 million above the range provided on our lastearnings call. Non-GAAP gross margin of 52.1% was down 30 basis points from lastquarter, consistent with our guidance.  Total non-GAAP operating expenseincreased by $20 million over Q2. This was above the range provided by roughly$10 million, which I will detail in a moment. Non-GAAP earnings per share were$0.27, which was flat, with Q2 driven by the decrease in gross margin andgrowth in R&D and operating expenses, which offset the benefits ofincreased revenues. Cash flow from operations was a strong $212 million. Ourcash and marketable securities on hand remained roughly flat for the quarter at$2.43 billion, driven primarily by $171 million in share repurchases settled inthe quarter and the closing of our Global Locate acquisition which offset thestrong operating cash flow. Inventory for the quarterincreased by roughly $22 million to $213 million, which equated to 8.5 times ona non-GAAP basis. This continues to demonstrate the excellent work of ouroperations team and what they have done to change; to address changing supplyin an ever changing environment. The terms level of 8.5 times remains above ourlong-term goal of seven to eight turns. In our July call, we said that weexpected Q3 revenue would be approximately $915 million to $940 million. Wesaid we expected growth in our broadband and mobile and wireless groups withEnterprise Networking slightly down. We anticipated this to be driven by stronggrowth in Digital TV due to the ramp of our new 65 nanometer 10 ADP products,as well as Bluetooth and wireless LAN with their second half of the year ramps. In addition we expected modestgrowth in the Broadband modems controller and optical areas. What occurred wasgrowth across all three of our lines of business, which in total exceed ourrange by about $10 million. With respect to our Broadbandcommunication markets, as we projected, Digital TV roughly doubled with growthalso coming in the Broadband modem area. This was partially offset by a declinein the set-top box area, due a normal weaker back half of the year. In the mobile and wirelessbusinesses we benefited from strong growth driven by new product and customerramps in Bluetooth and strengthen all wireless LAN segments offset by a declinein mobile multimedia business due to our product transition. Finally, as you may have noticed,an increase in deferred revenue on the balance sheet which comes as a result ofour Global Locate acquisition. Global Locate's legacy contracts included aservice component with the chip sale related to its worldwide GPS referencenetwork. As a result, we need to recognize that revenue radically over theestimated life. We are currently working on splitting this service from thechip such that we may recognize the chip revenue in the period shift which asyou know is our ordinary practice. Contrary to what we expected, ourEnterprise Networking business did grow modestly, driven mainly by our timingissue in the controller segment caused by customer pull-ins due to deliverydelays that at a particular competitor for designs won in the last cycle. Thesequential decline in our switching business due to customer pull-ins in Q2,which we mentioned on our July call, was also not as great as we expected. Revenue distribution for Q3 wasas follows. Broadband communications accounted for approximately 38% in totalrevenue. Mobileand wireless were 32% and Enterprise Networking 30%. With respect to grossmargins as we forecasted in July, our gross margin declined slightly to 52.1%driven by product mix and the ramp of a number of new customers and products. Irecall that our product gross margins tend to be lower for new products whichhave not yet moved down the cost curve.  Moving to operating expenses,non-GAAP operating expenses were up $20 million from our Q2 levels or aboutdouble the increase we projected in July. Roughly half of the additional $10million increase was due to dollar based R&D cost associated withopportunistic purchases of EDA tools and dedicated radicals prepared forproductions of 65 nanometer products. And the other half, just higher thananticipated litigation cost during the quarter. As a result, R&D as apercentage of sales on a non-GAAP basis, grew slightly to 27%. We continue tooperate above our long-term targeted R&D range of 20% to 22% as apercentage of sales, as we invest aggressively to deliver on recent design winsin our emerging businesses as well as to pursue additional opportunities. Thisincreased R&D percentage will continue until these design wins convert intorevenue, especially in the cellular market. Roughly half of our tape-outs in Q3were in 65 nanometer, where the number of additional tape-outs occurring justafter the quarter end. Looking to Q4, we expect thatapproximately 75% of our tape-outs will be in 65 nanometer or smaller processgeometries. Recent product and customer announcements reinforced our view that65 nanometer continues to give us a definite competitive advantage in thedesign win process in terms of offering lower power requirements and theability to integrate features and functionality into our designs that many ofour competitors either cant integrate or will be much later in implementing.In addition, the expanded use of multi product wafers, and other efficiencieshave continued to allow us to accelerate prototyping to customers. We increased total company headcount from Q2 by 287 peopleto a worldwide total of 6,114 employees. This includes over 4,500 employees inengineering, where 74% of our total headcounts included nearly 500 Ph.Ds. Moving to the balance sheet. As I mentioned, total cash andmarketable securities were roughly flat at $2.43 billion, driven principally bythe share repurchase program approved in February of this year, as well as theclosing of the Global Locate acquisition. We generated strong positive cashflow from operations of $212 million. We also had some benefit from proceeds from employee stockoption exercise of approximately $65 million net. This was more than offsetprincipally by the repurchases of our common stock, capital expenditures whichmoderated somewhat in the quarter, and the acquisition of Global Locate in thequarter.  Inventoriesincreased in Q3 by approximately $22 million to $213 million. Non-GAAPinventory turns remained strong at 8.5 times in Q3. The percentage of our salesmade through distributors remained low at 16%. In addition, we continue toprovide more products through hubbing arrangements with our customers. As areminder, we recognized revenue through distributors and hubs on a sales-outbasis. Our accounts receivable day sales outstanding decreased slightly from 39days to 38 days with good linearity. As I mentioned previously, we continued our share repurchaseprogram under which we can purchase up to $1 billion of our Class A commonstock over an 18 months period that commenced in February of 2007. During thequarter, the company repurchased $4.9 million shares at a cost of $163.9million. We currently have $182 million remaining in this program.  The objectives of the program are to manage our net sharedilution, to return capital to shareholders. While our first priority willalways be to invest in our business, we believe that given our strong operatingcash flow, and the pace of our investments in future business and emergingareas, this is currently an excellent use of our cash. Moving to expectations. We currently expect continuedsequential growth in Q4 and that products revenue will be in the range of $960million to $990 million, which at this point does not include any revenueassociated with the patent license signed with Verizon in July. The reason itis not included, is because we have not yet received the counts of forms forwhich a $6 royalty would be payable during the quarter. In looking at what we expect to happen in Q4 in broadbandcommunications, we expect to see some growth across virtually all lines of ourbusiness. In Mobileand Wireless, we anticipate continued growth with all businesses likely to beup, and the strongest growth coming from Bluetooth. The Enterprise Networking Group will be down slightly ascompared to Q3, partially driven by a relatively flat quarter-on-quarterperformance across the portfolio, and a normalization of the current quartersupside in the controller products. For non-GAAP gross margin, excluding the margin impact fromthe Verizon license in Q4, we expect to see an additional decline in grossmargin, slightly greater than what was experienced in Q3, as we continue toramp a number of new products to new and existing customers in the quarter.Just to repeat, typically our new products have lower gross margins as we focusdesigns initially for quick time to market. For non-GAAP operating expenses in Q4, we expect to continueinvestments in products and the migration of 65 nanometer, including morededicated production-oriented math, both of which we believe are critical toour revenue growth and gross margin in 2008 and later years. As a result, weexpect the no-GAAP operating expenses on an absolute dollar basis to increaseslightly less than Q3 in the $15 million to $20 million range.  Cash flow from operations for Q4 is expected to remainstrong. Also, we anticipate we will continue to repurchase shares in Q4. Asnoted early, we have approximately $182 million remaining on our currentbuyback program.  And now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott totalk about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor: Thanks Eric. I'll now provide some more details on ourbusiness, starting with Enterprise Networking. Revenue from our EnterpriseNetworking business came in a bit better than we expected in Q3, driven mainlyby better than expected sales of gigabit Ethernet Controllers and a smallerdecline in switching revenue than we had originally expected. Our gigabit Ethernet Controller business was stronger thananticipated, due to an overall strength in the PC market. Also on our lastearnings call, we predicted some loss in market share and controllers, but thishas happened more slowly than we have forecasted. The service base where wecontinue to hold an excellent market position remained relatively strong in Q3. We do believe that we hit a peak in this business in Q3, andexpect our gigabit Ethernet Controller business to be down in Q4, as our marketshare shifts and as the market comes to terms with some double orderingreportedly occurring in the PCs space. Moving on to switching; our revenue generated from switchproducts was down in Q3 as we talked about the last quarter. But the declinewas a bit less than we expected, due to a relatively robust end-market in theservice provider, enterprise and SMP segment. Ethernet continues to reachdeeper into the metro or Carrier Ethernet market, and we are finding additionalopportunities to bundle more of our silicon together in our customer's productssuch as [Video Cell 2] which I'll touch upon later. During the quarter Linley Group published a report notingthat Broadcom's market share in the merchant silicon space for gigabit Ethernetreach the 70% level. To stride this leadership position with EnterpriseNetworking market, we began sampling our new highly-integrated line of 65nanometer StrataXGS gigabit Ethernet switches, which were used in Enterprise networksenabling more intelligence at a lower cost and power dissipation. Moving to our broadband business,broadband sales were up nicely in Q3, driven by growth in the digital TV,broadband modem and next generation high definition DVD player lines ofbusiness. As we expected, digital TV sales almost doubled from Q2 to Q3, drivenby growth in our new 65 nanometer highly integrated 10 ADP products. Nocompetitor has matched the levels of integration that we are bringing into thismarket, specifically our ability to integrate more of the front-end such asHDMI Channel B modulators today and in the future tuners, cable modems and ABCtechnology. As we look into 2008, we plan tobroaden our product line by developing products with additional pictureenhancement features and to expand our business with additional Tier 1customers. Broadband modems were strong inthe third quarter driven mainly by a rebound in our sales of voice enabledcable modems after a weak Q2 associated with customer inventory rebalancing. Wehad a very successful quarter with design wins for our VDSL2 solutions at bothEricsson and ZyXEL. While VDSL2 is still early in its deployment, we view thismarket evolution very positively as the increased bandwidth enabled by thesenetworks is essential to telecommunications operators to broadly deploy IPTVservices to compete with cable and direct broadcast satellite television.  As we look into the fourthquarter we expect to continue to experience strong growth in our broadbandmodems business. Set-top boxes were a bit weaker due to the downturn wenormally experienced in the second half of the year as Eric mentioned. Withinthe set-top box space during the third quarter we announced our next generation65 nanometer SoC solution for cable satellite and IP set-top boxes. Thissolution built upon Broadcom's widely deployed family of ABC and BC1 highdefinition solutions, and supports the latest in interactive features in a widerange of compression standards and offers support for a variety of digitalrights management solutions.  The chip incorporates features tospecifically address the needs of the IP set-top box market. A long history ofshipping products that address the cable and satellite set-top box markets,along with our ability to lead the second wave of communications convergencewith such functions as MoCA, wireless LAN, Bluetooth and other capabilitieswithin the set-top box, places Broadcom in a very strong position to addressthe IPTV market opportunity going forward. During the third quarter, we alsobegan sampling a complete digital TV set-top box solution, targeted at theNational Telecommunications and Information Administration, NTIA,digital-to-analog converter box program. This program is part of an FCCinitiative that will assist your household in making an affordable transitionfrom existing analog-to-digital terrestrial broadcasting, while preserving thelarge installed base of analog TVs. Next generation DVD playersexperienced good growth, driven mainly by demand for high definition DVDplayback for laptop PCs. In addition, both LG and Samsung are now shippinguniversal players, based on our solution that remove the confusion about whichtechnology HD-DVD or Blu-ray is better, as they support both disc formats. Aswe look into Q4, we anticipate that growth in the broadband segment will bemainly driven by broadband modems, and to a lesser extent set-top boxes. Moving to mobile and wireless. InQ3 our mobile and wireless revenue was up sharply as we benefited fromseasonality, along with new customer ramps; expansion within existing customerplatforms; and new product and technology ramps. The revenue growth in Q3 wasdriven primarily by our Bluetooth and wireless LAN lines of business. Before I touch on these areas, Iwant to talk about the recent developments in the cellular baseband area. Onthe cellular baseband front, our baseband revenue was still small, but grew inthe quarter. There were two important milestones for this business in the thirdquarter. First, there is now clear evidence of the customer traction Broadcomhas been experiencing within the EDGE G3 markets. While it will take some timebefore this design wins turn into material revenue, we can point to clearcustomer progress in the cellular baseband space we are two of the largestcellular handset makers.  Nokia announced that it will beusing our 65 nanometer single-chip baseband processor along with our powermanagement unit in future EDGE phones. Our single-chip EDGE baseband integratesan RF transceiver or analog and digital baseband functions and multimedia. Thisis important, not only because Nokia is the world's largest provider of cellphones, but also because according to the market research firm iSupply, theEDGE segment of the mobile phone market is projected to grow from 245 millionunits this year to over 408 million units in 2009.  Also Samsung announced it hasexpanded it's deployment of 3G cell phones, incorporating Broadcom's 3Gbaseband, power management, Bluetooth, 3G protocol stack software, and M-streamtechnology. This is important as it highlights how Broadcom has been able totake a 3G baseband only solution and expand it to include more Broadcomproducts, including our software and protocol stack, and partner successfullywith Samsung.  Secondly, Q3 was an importantquarter because we announced a number of revolutionary new products withintegrated features and functions, that no one in the industry has announcedto-date, and that some simply arent able to do because they do not posses allof the necessary technologies to build such a product.  We announced a true 3G phone on achip code named Zeus, which is the single-chip HSUPA mixed signal processorwith voltage CMOS RF, rich multimedia, Bluetooth, FM radio and transmit, andmore, all on one 165 nanometer dot.  We are proud of our team for pulling off this amazingachievement. No one in the world has announced a product with this level ofintegration and this announcement highlights why we believe we have anopportunity to be a significant participant in the cellular handset market. Webelieve that handsets incorporating our Zeus chip will be available in the midto late 2009 timeframe.  We also announced the new Multimedia Processor that enablesHD video camcorder and playback, 12 megapixel camera and 3D gaming, all in onechip. And at low power suitable for cell phones and other portable devices, webelieve this is a great product for the cellular handset and portable mediacustomers.  It offers the following features: first of all it has fivehours of high-definition video playback or 3 hours of HD recording using astandard cell phone battery. It has support for a 12 megapixel camera withon-chip image signal processing capable of on-the-fly photography of up to 12pictures per second, and 3D gaming, capable of 32 million triangles per second,which is higher than PlayStation 2 class gaming performance.  These are very important customer and product announcements,but due to the long design cycle of getting a chip in the multiple phone modelsand then getting the phones into mass production, we don't envision anysubstantial revenue contribution from our cellular baseband efforts in 2008. Wedo expect potentially to double the size of our cellular baseband revenue in2008, but thats also a relatively small base, and most of the growth will bebackend loaded. Our goals in cellular baseband solution have not changed. Weare expecting 10% to 15% unit market share by the time we exit 2009. 2007 hasbeen the year of design wins, and you have seen some of those recently. 2008 isthe year to get the products of phones done, and 2009 is the year to grow shareand generate significant revenue. Moving onto our Mobile Multimedia line of business; revenuewas down sharply as sales of an older solution in the MP3 space ended, and thisfall-off more than offset growth in the sales of our new products for portablephones and MP3 players. In the GPS market, we closed the acquisition of GlobalLocate in July and then quickly rolled out our next generation Single-Chip GPSSolution for mobile application called Barracuda.  GPS is a technology that we look to integrate with otherBroadcom technologies such as Bluetooth, wireless LAN, and our cellularprocessors to help drive the adoption of this technology faster in to personalnavigation device in cellular phone applications.  Our GPS shipments grew nicely in Q3. Wireless LAN had a verystrong quarter, up over 20% sequentially as we experienced growth in allsegments: client, retail and embedded and in both protocols g and n. Thestrongest growth in the wireless business was on the client side, but we hadexcellent growth in both g and n client applications, especially in N, whereour revenue nearly doubled on a sequential basis. We clearly gained share inthe client segment. During the quarter, we pushed the integration envelop in the802.11n space as we introduced a 65 nanometer true single-chip solution to notonly lower the cost for existing client and gateway applications, but to alsoenable the solution to go into other consumer electronic products that havenever included wireless LAN functionality before, such as TVs, set-top boxes andcamcorders. Also during the quarter, we made excellent progress insecuring customers design wins for 2008 in the cellular and MP3 phases with ourtriple play products. This ultra low powered device combines 802.11a and g,Bluetooth and FM together on a single 65 nanometer die. We are seeing strong interest from our customer base inthese and other forth coming Converged Communication Solution. Finally theHomeRun line of business in the quarter was Bluetooth. Revenue was up stronglyin the quarter at all segments of this line of business. Mobile, PC, audio and embedded experiencedgrowth. The strongest growth was in the mobile and PC areas, wherenew rams were combined with additional expansion within our existing customerbase. Our Bluetooth plus FM single-chip solution for cell phones more thandoubled in the quarter, and our Bluetooth solutions for the PC market grew bynearly 50% as the penetration rate of Bluetooth and the PCs space grew and wegained market share within this segment. While early in it's evolution, we did begin shipping ourMono Bluetooth headset solutions to Tier 2 vendors, and we expect to ship tothe Tier 1 vendors in the first half of 2008. We look to garner significantmarket share in the Mono headset space in 2008. So, in total, it was a verystrong quarter for Bluetooth, and we expect continued strong growth in Q4 inall segments.  On the litigation front we had another good quarter in termsof stopping QUALCOMM's pervasive infringement of our intellectual property. Onthe positive side, Number one, European Commission decided to continue it'sinvestigation regarding QUALCOMM's licensing and competitive practices.  Number two, the Third Circuit Court of Appeals reversed thelower court's dismissal of the FederalAntitrust claims Broadcom brought against QUALCOMM. Our claims ofmonopolization and attempted monopolization are moving forward once again inthe district court. And number three, in early August, the San Diego Federalcourt ruled that QUALCOMM engaged in aggravated litigation misconduct and standardsabuse for two QUALCOMM patents that relate to digital video technology.  With respect to standards abuse, the court discovered"Carefully orchestrated plan and the deadly determination of QUALCOMM toachieve its goal of holding hostage the entire industry." The court ruledthat QUALCOMM thereby waived its right to enforce all claims related to the twoBroadcom patents in question. The court also ordered QUALCOMM to pay Broadcom'sattorney's fees in the litigation.  With respect to the aggravated litigation misconduct, QUALCOMMand its outside counsel are currently waiting a decision regarding sanctionsfor their misconduct. On the negative side, after the Bush administrationdecided to uphold the ITC Patent Remedy, a U.S. Court of Appeals granted a stayof the ITC's exclusion order, pending appeal by third parties to cellularphones containing QUALCOMM's infringing chips were subject to exclusion.  The Appeals Court made no findings questioning the validity ofthe patent or it's infringement by QUALCOMM. Importantly, the appeals courtruling does not affect the ITCs Cease and Desist Order against QUALCOMM, or itsorder barring QUALCOMM from bringing infringing chips into the United States.  Finally, as we've stated numerous times in the past, westand ready to negotiate with QUALCOMM or any other market participants thatseek a reasonable solution. We have made fair and reasonable settlement ofproposals to QUALCOMM, which we hope it will consider and embrace. In all this litigation, our goals remain simple. Number one,to gain proper recognition of the value of Broadcoms significant intellectualproperty, specially in the wireless space. And number two, to achieve a levelfor competitive playing field in the cellular chip market. To date, QUALCOMMs beenfound to infringe four of our patents in two different forms. We haveadditional patents, antitrust and unfair competition claims that have not yetbeen addressed to trial. By comparison, QUALCOMM has either lost or dropped allclaims against Broadcom. Unfortunately, however our settlement discussions withQUALCOMM have not yet borne fruit, as QUALCOMM appears to have bet its futureand its end customers upcoming product launches on the patents appeal process. Some near-term events to keep an eye on includes thefollowing. Number one, the Santa Anacase, where we have requested an injunction against QUALCOMMs infringingproduct support, and new product development activities, among other things.And number two, a ruling on QUALCOMMs misconduct in San Diego. We remain hopeful that these litigation matters will come toa positive resolution, and we see our agreement with Verizon Wireless,announced in the third quarter, as an important forward step in achieving thatgoal. So, in closing, Q3 was a good quarter, where new productcycles enabled Broadcom to once again reach record revenue levels, and generatestrong cash flow from operations. As Eric mentioned, we are looking forcontinued revenue growth in Q4. We are going to continue to invest aggressivelyin 2008, to keep this momentum going. We are now ready to take your questions. Jackie, may we havethe first question, please?
Operator: Sure, thank you. We will nowbegin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instruction). Our firstquestion comes from Ross Seymore from company, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Thanks guys, thats DeutscheBank. Eric, a question on the Verizon royalties. Give us a little idea when weshould expect those to come in?
Eric Brandt: We should hear from Verizon atthe end this month on the number of phones that earn the $6 royalty. And thenonce we have a picture of that, then hopefully we can provide you an update onAnalyst Day. Those royalties we will book once we know how much they are and wecollect the money. So that would occur in the middle of this quarter and wouldbe booked in this quarter.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: If we think about it goingforward, is it more like a two quarter arrears that you have to wait or is itsomething that will little bit more timely as we go forward?
Eric Brandt: It's a one quarter arrears. Sobasically what it is, is that we signed the contract in the third quarter, sowe started collecting royalties about half way through the third quarter. Andthen they have 30 days provide us a tally sheet on the number of phones thathave earned the royalty. So that rolls into the following quarters, so it'sliterally as one quarter in arrears.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Then a bigger picturequestion for Scott. From your end customer perspective, are you seeing any ofthe gyrations you thought that you saw before from the customers being weakwhether that be their own issues or end market weakness? And on that secondpoint on end market weakness, any commentary you would like to give on eitherinventory of your parts in the channel or demand creating inventory of yourcustomer's final parts in the channel?
Eric Brandt: Well a few comments in thatregard when you talk about gyration from our customers I am not exactly surewhat you mean there. I mean we are seeing some macro economic challenges Ithink between housing and other things and it makes us all nervous for theoverall economy which obviously affects our business. On the other hand we are seeingvery-very strong design win traction right now, which I think is very positive,so I am feeling really good about that. I don't see any particular inventoryissues that I am concerned about I don't think they are always some placeswhere there is a little too much or not enough and there are always somecustomers who are expediting and some customers who maybe have a little morethan they need, but I say its fairly normal from our perspective from aninventory situation out there right now.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: And then the final question, withthat macro environment happening are you getting the sense that your customersare incrementally bringing their orders on you down from where they were beforeor are they remaining unchanged arriving?
Eric Brandt: We are not seeing any significanttrend either direction there again we have some customers who order late and soare expediting and have seen pick ups in there their demand and then they areyou always get a mix and there is always some order and some push up, but Idon't see a trend there I think what you are trying to get at is do we see apush out trend and I don't see that right now.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes fromCraig Ellis from Citi Investment please go ahead.
Craig Ellis - Citi Investment: Thanks guys. First clarificationon the operating expense guidance, I would have thought it wouldn't have beenup so much given the absence of what I would expect to be a one time impact onthe EDA tools in the third quarter can you just provide a little bit more coloron what's happening in the fourth quarter with OpEx Eric?
Eric Brandt: Yeah sure, it's principally theconversion from multi products wafers to dedicated wafers for productionpreparation which is driving the MOSFET costs up. Typically what happens is asyou know we have targets in terms of trying to get to the end of the year andwe have lot of people who would like to get their products taped-out betweennow and the end of the year, so that happen always, no, but I think its prudentof us to assume that that's the plan and that's what we are doing. That'sprincipally the driver of the increase as we move for multi-product wafers tomore dedicated radicals for production preparation.
Craig Ellis - Citi Investment: Okay. So it's staffing relatedand more just related to product?
Eric Brandt: There is headcount in there aswell but there is a lot of MOSFET costs that's sort of driving that.
Craig Ellis - Citi Investment: Okay. Fair enough. And thensecondly on the gross margins a little bit more of a step down sequentially as65 nanometer increases. How should we think about the trend that's developingthere. Is that going to somewhat stabilize after we get to the fourth quarteror is that something that could increase sequentially as we think about early2008?
Eric Brandt: Interesting if you look at thebusiness, as the business is grown faster, when you are seeing the greatestpressure on the gross margins. So, what typically happens is as we are growingfast we've new products and new customers as we price for time to market andthe gross margin inspite of in the space that's when we think the latestpressure in gross margin. So, my expectation would be that we are seeing somedrop as we continue to grow and sort of move to newer products which are littletighter and we price really for time to market or sort of design for time tomarket. And I think as we roll into 2008 which you will probably see somethinga little bit more in the middle band of our range and above our range for grossmargins. So, more in the middle band above 50 to 52 I suppose to above the 52.
Craig Ellis - Citi Investment: Okay, that's helpful. And thenlastly for you Scott, it's always helpful to get perspective on expected growthdrivers I am wondering if you can take a longer term view and just talk aboutwhat you think the key growth drivers will be for '08?
Scott McGregor: We have a lot of growth driversacross our business and I think last year in the Analyst Conference we showed Ithink 15 different growth drivers and those are still in place. If I had tohandicap the various businesses I would guess the top three growth drivers interms of dollar content for 2008 would probably be Bluetooth, wireless LAN anddigital television. I would say those three are looking really strong. We'vebeen surprised in the past where others will come out of the blue and performreally strongly and that's the way it's possible. But based on our projectionsI'd say those three are very likely to be certainly our top growth driversgoing forward.
Craig Ellis - Citi Investment: Okay and then just as a follow-upthere any thought on what a reasonable market share expectation is exceedingnext year on the baseband side.
Scott McGregor: It's going to still be fairlysmall single digit probably, well I won't speculate further than that. It willdepend how quickly some of our customers can deploy. There's a little bit ofuncertainty in terms of how fast they get the models to market, which modelsare popular ones in terms of the style and so forth and which operators. Sothat makes a little hard to predict there and we are taking a bit of aconservative view. But I think 2009 is where we are really focused on drivingthe market share.
Craig Ellis - Citi Investment: Okay. Thanks.
Scott McGregor: I wanted to follow-up back alittle bit on the 65 nanometer in terms of cost. It's certainly a cost. It'slike almost $1 million when you do a 65 nanometer MOSFET. But that's generallya very positive event for us because it entails a new competitive productcoming to market and when we see some of the most competitive products we haveout there these 65 nanometer products we have where our competitors havent yetmoved into 65 nanometers those are looking really strong and we are seeing verystrong customer demand for that. So, yeah it's always bad whenever you spend $1million to do a MOSFET but I would view that as a leading indicator for ourfuture business because it generally means we are reaching a higher level ofcompetitiveness when we get those products out.
Craig Ellis - Citi Investment: Okay. Thanks again.
Operator: Our next question comes fromAllen Mishan from CIBC World Markets. Please go ahead.
Allen Mishan - CIBC World Markets: Hi. You mentioned in your talkabout the enterprise business that you had heard about, or had seen somepotential double ordering in the PC area. Do you worry about the wireless LANand Bluetooth businesses, that they perhaps, grew too fast and may see acorrection in the PC area in Q4?
Scott McGregor:  You know thats always possibleand when I hear an anecdotal evidence of some double ordering, I put back froma number of other industry players and also weve seen the sale of PC productsaccelerate fairly rapidly. I do believe there is probably some inventorybuildup going on in the PC channels based on those kinds of data. We, first ofall, watch that pretty closely, so we plan in our own forecast pretty carefullyfor the Bluetooth and wireless LAN spaces. So I think we understand thatbusiness pretty well and account for that. And also, certainly for Bluetooth,its not our largest business for Bluetooth by any means. So, it would not be amajor factor on the overall growth there, handsets continue to dominate the PCspace for Bluetooth by quite a large margin.
Eric Brandt:  We also have some importantproduct cycles going on in the Bluetooth and the Wi-Fi space, so its Bluetoothprocessor and its 802.11n. So, we have additional drivers in those areas thatwe dont have in the Gigabit Ethernet Controller space
Allen Mishan - CIBC World Markets: Okay. Great. And then, did I hearyou say earlier that mobile multimedia would actually grow in Q4 versus Q3?
Scott McGregor: Yes. We do expect that area togrow in Q4.
Allen Mishan - CIBC World Markets: Okay. So the product transitioneffect completely took place during Q2 to Q3?
Eric Brandt: Pretty much. Yes.
Allen Mishan - CIBC World Markets: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes fromSrini Pajjuri from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Hi, Eric, as you lookpast the current quarter, how should we think about the R&D expense as welook into the next several quarters in 2008?
Eric Brandt: Well, Srini, you know that wedont provide guidance beyond one quarter. So we should have given you apicture of what we think will happen in Q4 in OpEx, and principally thats anR&D expenditure. However, what we did say, Scott said and I said, I thinkis that the way to think about the R&D expenditure is that the discountrate has changed. So while we were investing very heavily in the baseband areaand in the mobile phone area trying to win customers, we had now won a numberof those customers and are winning others and in other parts of our business aswell. So, now we are sort of transitioning that investment from a pure R&Ddeveloper product and win a customer to now delivering on that product, puttingthe field test engineers in place and driving that forward. So, the way tothink about the risks is different and so there needs to be continuedinvestments to continue to do that and bring these products to markets anddrive the revenue forward, however, the risk profile is substantiallydifferent. I think well continue to investto do that as Scott mentioned and drive these products to market and the realleverage will come as the revenue appears associated with that, principally inthe cellular space and then some of the other spaces as well. So thats the waywe are thinking about the business. Actually, Scott said on the 65 nanometerproducts, we are thinking very positively that, we weve actually made this,weve turned the corner quite franklywith respect to the product performance and new products availability. And nowwe are sort of moving much more, I would say, perhaps into in a developmentstage or delivery stage of R&D.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, just oneclarification on the royalty payments. I am guessing it will pretty much flowthrough to the bottom line. Is that a fair statement or is there anything elseI am missing here?
Eric Brandt: Well our royalty payment has noby inherence, its inherent cost rather than the fact that we spend a fairamount on the legal side to generate that benefit. But at the end of the day,it does go to the bottom net of what we choose to invest back in the business.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then Scott for you. Youjust reiterated the target to get to 10% to 15% by I guess end of 2009. Myquestion is, with the announced design wins, do you think you'll get there oryou think you need more designs wins to get to the kind of market share?
Scott McGregor: It's certainly possible to getthere with the designs wins we have, but we certainly like to have more designswins and I am working on them, and believe we will get additional design winsbeyond the ones announced so far.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from UcheOrji from UBS, New York,please go ahead.
Uche Orji - UBS: Hi Scott. Just a question foryou, I appreciate you don't want to give guidance for much longer than nextquarter, but let me go back a bit to R&D. In your prepared comments youtalked about 65 nanometers and small [processor geometries]. But I assume youare doing some work on 45. Is there any point when should be reasonably expect45 nanometers to be in production from you, and what type of products will therebe for?
Scott McGregor: Yeah we are certainly working on45 nanometers, and we have done test checks so far on 45 nanometers. And Iwould expect based on the industry roadmaps that 45 nanometers probably doesn'tgo into production until 2009, sometime in that time frame. So that be probablythe best guess for when that would start to see our production ramps.
Operator: Our next question comes fromQuinn Bolton from Needham& Company please go ahead.
Quinn Bolton - Needham& Company: This is just for Eric, but firsta quick clarification on them. To extent that you do recognize Verizonroyalties, you've talked in past about potentially reinvesting some of thatback in to the business. I am assuming that any reinvestment you have alreadyincluded in the OpEx guidance that you gave early on the call?
Eric Brandt: Yeah. For Q4 we've provide youour view of what the OpEx number would be.
Quinn Bolton - Needham& Company: Okay. So, to extent that theroyalty that you give us and updated the Analyst Day whatever you gave wouldpretty much flow through to the bottom line.
Eric Brandt: Yeah that is mathematicallycorrect.
Quinn Bolton - Needham& Company: Okay, great. And then second juston the DTV business. I know you guys sort of nearly doubled in the Septemberquarter right, I might have missed it but was just wondering if you would giveus an update what you see sequentially in to December quarter?
Scott McGregor: We don't breakout guidance forparticular businesses going forward. So I can't do that. But over the course ofthe next year we do expect that business to grow as we get additional top tierand second tier design wins in that space. We are bullish on the businessoverall for growth.
Quinn Bolton - Needham& Company: Can you comment perhaps I meantypically in the business since September is a big quarter, would there be newproduct ramps either customers or models that might allow you to offset normalseasonality?
Scott McGregor: Yeah, I prefer not to comment onthat. We'd like announce those as we get them and the customers are comfortabletalking about that.
Quinn Bolton - Needham& Company: Okay. And then lastly just canyou talk a little bit about IPTV, I know you've got some new products there,but just sort of any color you can give on IPTV, set-top box [direction]?
Scott McGregor: Well the IP set-top box marketdoes mean a lot of different things to different people, and we've beenshipping so far. We've been shipping product into the FiOS network and we'vebeen shipping Linux-based IP set-top boxes for a while. We've also recentlyannounced our 7405 product, which is specifically designed to address the needsof the IPTV set-top box market and I talked about that a little bit.  And I think the key thing is,when you combine those kind of things with MoCA, wireless LAN, Bluetooth,Ethernet etcetera, we think we've got an excellent opportunity in all segmentsof IP set-top box market, including the Microsoft certified segments.
Operator: And our next question comes fromSumit Dhanda from Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of AmericaSecurities: Yes. Hi Eric. I just wanted tofollow up again on your comment regarding maintaining a high level of R&Das a percentage of sales until the design converts to revenue. So is it fair toassume that this is generally going to hang around at this level, until thecellular revenues kick in which is mainly a '09 phenomenon based in what yousaid in the call today?
Eric Brandt: Yeah, what I would say is that,the way to think about it is that the leverage in the R&D line comesprincipally from revenue growth. And as the business continues to sort of drivegrowth forward and grow faster than it has over the last several quarters, youshould see some leverage beginning to appear in the R&D line.  But the point we are trying tomake is, is that, we've now got these design wins in hand, we now have thesecustomers that we need to serve, and the single worse thing we could do rightnow is to not provide the support to deliver the products and get the productsinto the market. So what we are trying to do and we have made some choices interms of what we are doing in our business. What we are really trying to do isto drive that forward.  So having said, the big revenueramp that we've been talking about is the cellular space, and as those productsand that significant investment in the cellular business and I will more aboutthis on analyst day and explain the economics a little better. But as thatinvestment begins to generate the kind of revenue we believe it will generate,that's when you will really see the R&D line begin to move back towards thetargeted range of 20% to 22%.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comesfrom Seogju Lee from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Right. Thanks. Eric, during thequarter at a competitor's conference, you characterized this sort of Verizonroyalties as expecting that. You would likely be booking, sort of the quarterlymaximums on a quarterly basis. I guess this quarter potentially, there is a bitof a stop because the contracts have closed during third quarter. But, in termsof your understanding of the Verizon phone shipments, has anything changed thatyou would think differently.
Eric Brandt: No. I think, I wouldnt thinkanything is substantially different. You are right that this quarter is a stopperiod, so we dont know. There is certainly a seasonal aspect to cell phones,as you have said of the holiday season. So there could be some little bit ofswing between, sort of heading in the front part of the year, versus the backpart of the year. But to be honest with you, we dont sell cell phones. So Idont know for sure. But given what their total number of cell phones were, weexpected that we would probably hit to catch across the quarters in 08.
Operator: Our next question comes fromShawn Webster from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank youfor taking my question. Can you, I hate to keep beating up on the OpEx thing,but can you define invest aggressively as we go forward, should we expect $10million to $20 million kinds of R&D growth or do you have any kind ofinitiative to maybe stop the inflow of headcount?
Eric Brandt: Yeah. I would say, we are on theprocess of sort of going through our budgeting process now, and reallybeginning to prioritize is what we are doing. I cant give you specific numbersquarter-to-quarter, as we go forward. But suffice is to say that we are awarein cognizant of the burn associated with the operating expense. And are doingwhat we can to manage that while still delivering on the commitments we havegot for our customers.  You know, in some respect, and Ithink Scotts tried to sort convey this and I will reiterate the point that hemade, which is, we are winning a lot of design wins out there. And if anything,we are trying very hard to make sure that we have right resources to deliver onthose commitments, and are very excited about the up, the revenue side of thebusiness. So, thats the message we are trying to convey to you.  Having said that, I think we aremuch more dollar-focused, we are much more portfolio-focused, and trying veryhard to make sure that we maximize the opportunity dollar, and the opportunitybenefit for every dollar in R&D investments.
Scott McGregor:
 : Broadcom is often in a situation,where we win a design and then on the basis on that design win, we go createthe chip for that customer, which then sells a lot. And a lot of this is inthat latter category, which for me is a lower risk category, and as Eric wouldprobably say has lower hurdle rate, which you would assigned to that as aresult. And so when we have these situations and we are winning designs, wehave a choice, we say well, lets tell the customer no, and not hire to peopleand get closer to our model R&D or lets hire to people, go fulfill thedesign with the customer and then get the revenue down the road a year or so.  And I think thats the dilemma weface, and our belief is that we want to invest in the long-term value for theshareholders. And we think the right answer here is when you get these designs,you should go for it and you should go deliver on them. So thats the basisthats what going on here.  I apologize we cant share all ofthe design wins and some of other things that we have won here that underscoreand underlie this investment, but we hope to do that. You have seen the Samsungand Nokia announcements so far. We believe there will be more over the coursehere, that hopefully will give you a little more confidence that we areinvesting in the right kinds of things. And we'll try and refine that a littlebit at Analyst Day and give you more of a feel for that.
Operator: Okay. (Operator Instructions).Our next question comes from Tim Luke from Lehman Brothers, please go ahead.
Tim Luke - Lehman Brothers: Thanks so much. Eric youmentioned in the third quarter of the R&D was a little high higher than youexpected, partially reflecting some of the litigation cost. Is that where litigationexpenses largely reside, and is there any framework you gave us for how muchthats impacting that expense line? And may be separately just with respect toVerizon, is there as you move forward this outline date that you suggested withSanta Ana, isthere anything in that, that impacts the recognizing of revenue from Verizon asyou go through the next several quarters?
Eric Brandt: Well Tim let me start with thefirst one. I apologize if it wasn't clear. What I felt was that we were $10million above the range, half of that was driven by R&D and the other halfby legal. Legal is in the SG&A line actually it's in the [SG&A] line.And the right way to think about it is just look at the SG&A percentage. Imean between last quarter and this quarter it's down a percentage a tenth of apoint so marginally.  But between last year and thisyear it's down from 9.7 and 9.2. So we continue to get leverage in that line.In fact the greatest investment in the company in the SG&A line has been inthe S part of that line, subject to sort of puts and takes and swings in thelegal cost, depending whether cases are on trial or not which when they are attheir highest cost. So one of the issues that we had, we actually we had anumber of court appearances over the past quarter in Q3 and that sort of drovesome of the costs in the SG&A line, so that's part of it. The second pieceof it is with respect to Santa Ana we have assigned contracts with Verizon,really what we are just waiting for is to find out what the number is fromthem. They certainly have their ability as we mentioned in the 8-K undercertain circumstance determinant contract but we have no reason to believe atthis point in time that that's in they are contemplating at.
Operator:  Our next question comes from AdamBenjamin from Jefferies & Company.Please go ahead.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies& Company:  Thanks. Just to continue this cellular theme. You guys have beeninvesting pretty significantly on the R&D side obviously to get the winsthat you've achieved now with Nokia and Samsung. Now that you have got thoseand obviously you are going to have more going forward can we expect there tobe a shift from the R&D investment to the SG&A as you add FAE engineersgoing forward and then in term to that if there is a shift can you quantify theinvestment in terms of what you've done so far and what you expect to continueinvest in '08 in '09 in terms of a percentage rate or whether that should startdeclining as the majority of the investment has been made or some percentagethere to give us some ideas to where you stand on that front?
Eric Brandt: Yeah, that's fair. I would say that the phase were in of course as youpoint out as first win the designs and then you actually have to deploy on themand what not. And that does increase the number of FAEs we have and also peoplewho do various kinds of adoption for the phones and customization and helpingthe customers get the things done. That is relatively easier from an R&Dpoint of view than the other aspects, still very-very important of course butits a little easier to find some of the people who do that. We want to keepour standard high but we'll continue to invest more in those areas, we thinkwe're in a very good shape on the technology point of view. As you cansee now we've pretty much announced every chip in the cell phone and everycapability in the cell phone except for perhaps standalone memory. And so, Ithink we are definitely at a critical math on the raw technology side and sothe R&D investments going forward are to help our customers to deploydifferent phones. FAEs are accounted as R&D for us and so that wouldntincrease the SG&A. So, the increase is again pretty much in there. We arerunning at about 27% now and I think that's probably the highest we would go ona percentage basis. I dont expect much more than that and then as we get morerevenue then it would start to come down.
Operator: Our next question comes fromKrishna Shankar from JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Krishna Shankar - JMP Securities: Yes. I was wondering if you could-- I am trying to think about the royalty stream and how we should be sizingthat for 2008 and what happens to the royalty stream in case you reach anagreement with QUALCOMM?
Eric Brandt: Well I think it's premature tosort of discuss that. Let's see what happens with respect to QUALCOMM because Idont want to speculate one way or the other. When we have something to sayabout that we will. At this point we just have the relationship with Verizon.Can I just make a comment on what Scott mentioned on the R&D side? We willcontinue to invest to the extent there is some seasonal effect in the firsthalf of the year relative to some of the consumer oriented products. You couldsee some movement up on a percentage in first part of the year which will thencome back down as the year progress sort of on the consumer side pick up in theback half of the year.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comesfrom Shaw Wu from American Technology. Please go ahead.
Shaw Wu - American Technology: Yes, just a little more color onyour digital TV business. You mentioned that the business doubled. I was justwondering if that was spread across your various OEMs? Or was it thatconcentrated towards one or two or any comment on ramping of new ones there.Thanks.
Scott McGregor:  Its spread across a number ofOEMs. Its not concentrated in any one particular OEM, to answer your questionthere. We have announced and in the market today, we have LG, and Sharp andHaier and some of the other Chinese based customers. So, thats what we haveannounced in the market today and we do expect new customers there over thecourse of the next year.
Operator: Our next question comes fromDaniel Berenbaum from Carris and Company. Please go ahead.
Daniel Berenbaum - Carris and Company: Yeah. Hi, thanks for taking mycall. I need a follow-up on a couple of questions ago. We talked about R&Dmaybe going up as a percentage of revenue in the first half due to normalseasonality. Can you really help us to understand what normal seasonality isfor your businesses and what piece of your business, or what percentage of yourbusiness is affected by seasonality versus your new product cycle?
Eric Brandt: Most of it is new product cycle.I think that as we have seen strength, and growth and new products in consumeroriented products, which you go into the holiday season, you naturally get apickup in those businesses. I think as Peter has mentioned repeatedly, much ofthe capital equipments components of our business like what you would find inthe broadband business, or in the enterprise networking business, capitalequivalent tends to be a little bit stronger in the front half of the year. Ithink what we are seeing is, given the strength and the new product cycle, wehave seen in wireless LAN and Bluetooth, and things have sort of like PCs, cellphones and those sorts of things. I think we are just being prudently cautiousrelative to the strength of Q4 vis--vis sort of the front half of next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from JohnDryden from Charter Equity. Please go ahead.
John Dryden - Charter Equity: Yeah. So a question for Eric.Could you just update us on the hubbing arrangements during the quarter, anddid that play out as you expected, with any quarter readjustments or anyincrease in overall inventory. And then, question for Scott, if you could justupdate us on the 43/25, any customer sampling feedback based on the quarterssuccess you had in Bluetooth plus FM?
Eric Brandt: I think on the hubbing side, weare proceeding as we projected, I think we are managing it well, I think ourops team does a tremendous job in terms of managing our inventory andprojecting those sorts of things. So, I think we have done quite well and infact some of the growth in the actual inventory dollars was in the face ofproduct ramp growth and the growth we saw in this quarter and potentially inthe next quarter as well as some tenders that we went after etcetera.  Having said that, I think that itis possible that you could see some impact from hubbing. However, weve beenoperating well above our range on inventory at 8.5 times. So I think we feelcomfortable that the 7/8 times is quite achievable even in the face of thesehubbing arrangements.
Scott McGregor: In regard to your question on the43/25, we have seen very-very strong customer enthusiasm for the 43/25. Thereis nothing else like it in the market. And I think it's been a game changer inthat, in the past many of our customers were thinking about separately buyingBluetooth or wireless LAN. And they have now moved to think of combo as acategory and to look for that as a preferred way to get Bluetooth and wirelessLAN, if they want both of those in the same devise. We are seeing a lot ofinterest, especially in the cell phone handset makers as you would expect, butalso in the various MP3 customers as well. If sampling today a number ofcustomers are designing in it as we speak. I feel, you really going to startsee a revenue contribution for that starting in 2008.
Eric Brandt: We are actually seeing a pretty anormal supply situation there. There are always spot shortages and ease inother places. I dont see any unusual situation in the market right now, overthe long-term we are able to get both the front-end and back-end resources thatwe need and dont foresee any problems or issues with deliver on our revenue asa result of that.
Operator: There is time for one morequestion, the final question comes from David Wu from Global Crown Capital.Please go ahead.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Sneaking underway, thanks fortaking may call. I just want some clarification on the gross margin issue andalso given that on a gross margin you were also talking about the going intocalendar '08 in the 50% to 52% pro forma gross margin range and I wonder wouldthat had us included those the royalty income from Verizon in that guidance.And on GIG-E do you see any growth in calendar '08 on the enterprise segmentand when should we expect any revenue contribution from 10 gig at least for theswitch side?
Eric Brandt: Just to answer your questionquickly the gross margin comment I made does not reflect Verizon we are focusedon product oriented gross margin which was what the basis of my comment was. 
Scott McGregor: On your GIG-E question yes we dosee growth as we see the gig penetration in the enterprise space continued goalof 48% to 66% for some of the analyst forecast out there. In terms of 10 gigswitch was started if some of that coming out over the next few quarters andthat'll certainly increase starting from a fairly small base but eventuallythat'll become a significant part of business more likely in 2009.
Eric Brandt: Okay I'd like to conclude now,I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call this afternoon and thenjust one more reminder on November 8th we'll be hosting our 2007 Analyst Day inSan Francisco looking forward to seeing everyone there. Thank you very much forjoining us today and good afternoon.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen.This concludes today's conference call, thank you for participating, you mayall disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-19 16:45:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Peter Andrew - VP of Corporate Communications   Scott McGregor - President and CEO   Eric Brandt - CFO 
Analysts: Alex Gauna - UBS   Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan   Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank   Gary Mobley - A. G. Edwards   Srini Pajjuri -Merrill Lynch   Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs   Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan   Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company   Shaw Wu - American Technologies   David Wu - Global Crown Capital 
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Broadcom Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I will now turn the call over to Mr. Peter Andrew, Vice President of Corporate Communication. Mr. Andrew you may begin. 
Peter Andrew: Thank you very much Christine. I just want to remind everyone that during this call, we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue, gross margin and operating expense targets for the third quarter of 2007, and any other future periods and statements about prospects for our various businesses, the development status, and the planned availability of new products.  It should be clearly understood that our actual results may differ substantially from the forward-looking statements we make today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results are discussed in the risk factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K for 2006 and in our other SEC filings. A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of today's earnings press release.  As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement for any reason. Throughout this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Today's earnings release and the related current report on Form 8-K describe the differences between our non-GAAP and GAAP reporting and present a reconciliation between the two for the periods reported in this release.  Please see the investor's section of our website for reconciliations going back to the beginning of 2005, as well as for additional financial and statistical information, including the information disclosed in accordance with SEC regulation G.  Before I turn the call over to Scott, I would like to have everyone pencil in November 8th on their calendars as a date of our 2007 Analyst Day. We will be hosting this up in San Francisco, so please stay tuned for other details.  With that, let me turn the call over to Scott. 
Scott McGregor: Thank you, Peter and good afternoon to everyone. Our revenue in the second quarter came in line with our expectations, even in the midst of a higher than normal level of variability in the ordering patterns of some of our larger end customers. While we worked through most of these issues in the second quarter, the good news is we believe the increasing diversity of our customer base and end market exposure, along with significant new products momentum, should enable Broadcom to increase revenues sequentially in the third quarter.  We will touch upon some of our new products in more detail in a few minutes. We kept spending tight in the quarter even with our annual compensation adjustments that took place in April. By combining this with tight asset management we were able to generate about a $158 million in cash flow from operations.  We've put some of our $2.5 billion in cash and marketable securities to work in the quarter, buying back shares of our Class A common stock and closing the acquisition of Octalica to help drive our future growth in areas of Multimedia over Coax or MoCA.  Earlier this month, we announced that we also completed the acquisition of Global Locate, a privately held GPS provider that offers assisted GPS semiconductor products and software.  With that let me now turn the call over to Eric to talk about the quarter from a financial perspective and provide our guidance for Q3. 
Eric Brandt: Thanks, Scott. Overall, we are pleased with our Q2 results. Revenue of $897.9 million was down $3.6 million or 0.4% from Q1 2007, which is the middle of the range we provided on our last earnings call.  Non-GAAP gross margin of 52.4% was up 30 basis points from last quarter and remained slightly above our long-term model of 50% to 52%, and in consistence with our guidance.  Total Non-GAAP operating expenses increased $10.4 million over Q1 due principally to annual merit increases, as well as increase in headcount and prototyping costs, which were partially offset by lower legal and facilities expenses.  Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.27, down from $0.29 in Q2 and equal to analyst's consensus of $0.27.  Cash flow from operations was $158 million. Our cash and marketable securities on hand decreased slightly by $82 million for the quarter to $2.48 billion driven primary by $216 million in share repurchases settled in the quarter.  Inventory for the quarter decreased by roughly $9 million to $191 million which equated to 8.9 tons. This is our fourth consecutive quarter with a reduction in inventory. This demonstrates the continued excellent work our operation's team has done to adjust our supply in an ever changing environment. The level of tons at 8.9 times remains well above our long-term goal of 7 to 8 tons.  Moving to revenue and gross margin. In our April call, we said that we expected Q2 revenue could be approximately $890 million to $905 million. We said we expected growth in both our cable and satellite set-top box businesses to be offset somewhat by softness in cable modems. In addition, we mentioned that our mobile and wireless businesses would be relatively flat as we anticipated that many of the new product lines will ramp in the second half of the year. And in enterprise networking, we expect the continued growth within our enterprise switching business offset by weakness in our Ethernet controller business. This is essentially what occurs.  With respect to our broadband communications market, all businesses were flat to up on a sequential basis, offset, in part, by one of our end customers' inventory reduction efforts in cable modems. In the mobile and wireless markets, businesses declined in Bluetooth due to issues at a particular customer and were offset by increases in wireless LAN, VoIP and mobile multimedia lines of businesses.  As expected, our enterprise networking business did grow modestly driven by the timing of customer requests for some of our gigabit Ethernet switch products, and the fact that our controller business did not fall off as sharply as we had previously anticipated. The customer in question pulled in some of its expected Q3 orders in to Q2.  The rest of the group was essentially flat on the quarter. In terms of revenue distribution for Q2 similar to last quarter broadband communications accounted for approximately 39% of total revenue, mobile and wireless for 30% and enterprise networking for 31%. But with respect to gross margin, as we forecasted in April, our gross margin rose 30 basis points to 52.4% driven by the strong efforts of our operations group.  Moving to operating expenses. Non-GAAP operating expenses were up $10.4 million from our Q1 levels due to increased personnel cost from our annual merit compensation cycle, investments in R&D and other staff costs, offsetting part by reductions and legal cost. We continue to see a temporary spike in R&D as a percentage of sale as we invest aggressively to secure future deign wins in our emerging businesses.  We continue to move forward with our 65 nanometer migration; roughly a quarter of our tape-outs in Q2 were in 65 nanometer with a number of additional tape-outs occurring just after the quarter end. As we said previously, by Q4, we expect almost 90% of our tape-outs will be in 65 nanometer. We continue to see 65 nanometer has given us the definite competitive advantage in a design win process in terms of offering low power and the ability to integrate features and functionalities into our designs.  In addition, the expanded use of MPWs and other efficiencies have allowed us to accelerate prototyping to customers. We increased our total company headcount from Q1 by 254 people, to worldwide total headcount of 5,827. This includes almost 4300 employees in engineering or 74% of our totaled headcount. This is increased from approximately 69% two year ago.  Moving to the balance sheet. As I mentioned, total cash and marketable securities decreased by $82 million to $2.48 billion driven principally by the share repurchase program approved in February of this year. We generated positive cash flow from operations of $158 million.  We also had some benefits from proceeds from employee stock sales of approximately $49 million net. This was more than offset principally by repurchases of our common stock, capital expenditures, which included expenditure to build out and move to our new Irvine campus and the acquisition of Octalica in the quarter.  We lowered our inventory further in Q2 by approximately $9 million to $191 million. Inventories were a very strong 8.9 times in Q2. The percentage of our sales made through distributors remained low at 15%. In addition, we began to provide more products to hubbing arrangements with our customers. As a reminder, we recognized revenue through distributors and hub on a sales out basis. Our accounts receivable day sales outstanding increased slightly from 37 days to 39 days, still at very good level.  As mentioned previously, we commenced a new share repurchase program under which we can purchase up to $1 billion of our Class A common stock over an 18 months period that commenced in February of 2007. During the quarter, the company repurchased $6.1 million shares at a cost of $190 million. The objectives of this program are to manage our net share dilution and to return capital to shareholders, while our first priority will always be to invest in our business. We believe that given our strong operating cash flow and the pace of our investments in future businesses and emerging areas, this is currently an excellent use of our cash.  Moving to the expectations. We continue to believe that Bluetooth, wireless LAN, and digital TV will be growth drivers this year. As Scott mentioned, we are seeing excellent customer traction in these businesses. We currently expect to return to sequential growth in Q3, and that revenue will be in the range of $915 million to $940 million in the quarter.  We are expanding our usual range of revenue as the increased use of hubbing arrangements creates slightly lower visibility for us, since revenue derived from those arrangements are more closely tied to our customers physical production schedules.  And looking at what we expect to happen in Q3 in our businesses, in broadband communications, we expect to see growth in our broadband modem and digital TV businesses. In fact we believe our digital TV business will be roughly doubled, as we ramped our new 65 nanometers 10 ADP products for the holiday season.  In mobile and wireless, we expect to see growth to come from Bluetooth and wireless LAN as the expected second half product ramp begins. In addition, with the closing of the Global Locate acquisition, we will begin to book revenue from our newest lines of business.  The enterprise networking group will be down slightly as compared to, Q2 partially driven by the normalization of the large customer switch order with some positives in the optical business and the controller business, due to recovery in the server market.  For non-GAAP gross margin in Q3, we expect to see a slight declining growth margin as compared to Q2, as we ramp a number of new products to new and existing customers in the quarter. Typically, our new products have lower gross margins because we focus design initially for a quick time to market.  For non-GAAP operating expenses in Q3, we expect continued investment in new products and our 65 nanometer migration, both of which we believe are critical to our revenue growth and gross margin in 2008 and later years.  In addition, in Q3 we expect to incur expenses associated with the acquisition of Global Locate. As a result, we expect the non-GAAP operating expenses in an absolute dollar basis to increase at a similar level as Q2, which is in the $8 million to $12 million range.  Historically, when our spending increases above our business model it is due to specific customer opportunities that we have a good track record of converting to revenue, which, as I mentioned, we will begin to see occurring in Q3. However, we remain very conscious of our long-term profitability model and we will take whatever steps we reasonably can, to assure that we operate within that model, while continuing to fund key growth opportunities and other priorities.  Cash flow from operations for Q3 is expected to remain strong. We also anticipate that we will continue to repurchase shares in Q3 based on the repurchase activity through the end of Q2. We have approximately $346 million remaining on our current buyback program.  And now, I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk about the state of the business. 
Scott McGregor: Thanks, Eric. Ill now provide some more details on our business, starting off with mobile and wireless. In Q2, our mobile and wireless revenue was down slightly quarter-over-quarter as growth in our wireless LAN, mobile multimedia and VoIP businesses were more than offset by a decline in our Bluetooth and cellular businesses.  We raised our wireless LAN revenue in Q2 in all segments of the 802.11n and g markets, including client, router and embedded G and both client and router in N. Despite numerous rumors of 802.11n market shares shifts at certain PC OEMs, we are seeing additional growth in our existing sockets. And we think we have the potential to gain additional market share.  We have orders on hand from Tier 1 OEMs where we had no presence in laptops today. These are orders for not only our 802.11n products on a discreet basis, but also for our platforms to combine our wireless LAN offerings with Bluetooth and take advantage of our state-of-the-art coexistence software.  Our ability to combine our leadership position in wireless LAN with a proven Bluetooth hardware and software solution is a definite competitive advantage. We are not only seeing demand for platforms to combine our discreet products, we are also seeing significant design activity around our industry's first 65 nanometer wireless LAN, Bluetooth and FM Single-Chip Solution as the 4325 and may start seeing revenue from that product as soon as Q4 of this year was successful.  In terms of news in the quarter, we welcome the Wi-Fi Alliance's 802.11n Draft 2.0 Certification Program, as our router, and client reference designs were among the first products to achieve this certification. The certification program will ensure that wireless LAN products from different manufactures will work seamlessly together.  In Q3 and Q4, we also expect growth in the older 802.11g router space and to see more of our cost-optimized EDGE products hit the market.  Bluetooth was down in Q2, driven by weakness in demand from one of our larger end customers. What we found very encouraging, however, was that the ramp up of our new Bluetooth plus FM products to a new Tier 1 handset customer came in significantly above our expectations in the quarter, and we look for stronger growth in Q3 and Q4 depending on the timing of new model introductions.  We are now shipping our Bluetooth plus FM solution to four of the top five Tier 1 handset manufactures, and end-products incorporating these solutions are available on store shelves today.  We had a very successful quarter securing additional Bluetooth design wins in the PC space, and we continue to make good progress in bringing our new line of mono handsets to market. Our first Bluetooth handset product should appear in Q4 with Tier 1 customers expected to start shipping products in the first half of 2008. We now have headset design wins at four of the top five headset OEMs.  From our new product perspective, we began shipping samples of our new Bluetooth device that can support the Bluetooth 2.1 standard, Enhanced Data Rate Technology or EDR and the Class 1 transceivers all in a single analytic device. The Bluetooth 2.1 specifications extend battery life, they simplify paring and enhance security. Our EDR technology provides greater bandwidth, so Bluetooth can handle more multimedia content and the Class 1 RF transceiver allows transmission of data over greater distances.  We also planned to expand our personal area networking portfolio to include new ultra-low power Bluetooth technology, which was formally known as Wibree. ULP is a version of Bluetooth that will exist along side the classic version of Bluetooth technology and enable new applications in the sports and wellness, healthcare, entertainment, mobile, office accessory and watch markets.  Moving on to cellular, in Q2, our cellular revenue was down as the decline in sales of our older GSM, GPRS and EDGE baseband platforms more than offset the continued growth in our wideband CDMA baseband sales. Going forward, we expect our baseband revenue to trend upwards.  On the customer and design wins front, we continue to make good progress in our strategy of developing and strengthening our relationships with the world leading cellular handset makers. While we have to be vague on details until the phones actually hit the market, we believe we are ahead of our expectations in our overall plan. As a result, we are going to be accelerating our investment in this area.  While this additional level of investment will increase our near term R&D cost somewhat, we believe that this is the right move to make for the long-term. Our goal remains the same, which is to reach the 10% to 15% market share by the end of 2009.  In Q2, we expanded our cellular design center in Taiwan and focused on a new generation of Microsoft Windows mobile smartphones based on our 3G chipsets. We also ruled out a new reference design platform for portable media players that include our Videocore applications processor, Bluetooth, FM tuner, wireless LAN and power management capabilities.  On the mobile multimedia front, a decline of our traditional portable device end market revenue was more than offset by initial shipments of the new product with new functions into a recently announced hot new cellular handset. As illustrated by numerous publicly available teardowns, the new touch screen controller demonstrates our ability to create innovative devices for our most cutting edge customers.  As Eric mentioned earlier, during the quarter we expanded our product offering into cellular portable navigation device, automotive, and notebook markets with the acquisition of Global Locate. Global Locate brings a proven GPS solution to the Broadcom product portfolio and enables product by TomTom, with the leader in the PND market.  In addition, to the PND market Global Locate is also shipping products into the smart and featured phone segments of the cellular handset market. We expect to grow our customer list in each of these areas.  We also look to integrate in bundle GPS functionality with a wide variety of our technologies such as application processors, Bluetooth, wireless LAN, cellular baseband and others. We are unique in the industry in that we are shipping products to Tier 1 GPS, Bluetooth and wireless LAN equipment centers.  You heard us talk about how we have one of the broadest communication portfolios for years. The conversion of multiple forms of communications into a single piece of silicon is happening now; it's a real trend. We are shipping products now, customers are asking for more of them and you will see more of this in the future.  Today, we are shipping our Bluetooth FM part. Later this year you will see our Bluetooth FM and wireless LAN parts and you will see more and more of these converged communications products in the future. We stand uniquely positioned to benefit from this trend due to our broad portfolio.  As we look into Q3 for mobile and wireless, we anticipate that both Bluetooth and wireless LAN will grow, even factoring-in potential continued weakness with one of our larger Bluetooth customers.  Moving to broadband, as Eric mentioned earlier, all lines of business within our broadband communications group grew in the quarter with the exception of cable modems, where we dealt with the temporary access inventory situation at one customer.  Growth in the quarter was led by set-top box businesses, as we experienced some of the catch up in demand for high-end cable set-top boxes, now that the transition to removable security, which is the FCC CableCARD initiative, is behind us.  Demand for our satellite and IP set-top box also grew in the quarter. To help IPTV operators enable higher quality voice data and video services at longer loop plans over an IP network based on either ADSL2+ or VDSL2, we announced the new impulse noise protection technology that we call PhyR.  Due to our DXP based architecture, we are able to future-proof our end customers' products, as all previously deployed Broadcom central office and consumer premise based solutions are upgradeable to this new error correction technology.  Longer term, we believe that growth in the set-top box markets will be driven by the emergence of the IP set-top box market, along with expansion outside the North American marketplace and growing demand for HD and PVR services from cable and satellite pay TV operators. All of these are important markets for us going forward.  In the broadband modem market, we believe that the customers specific inventory issue that we experienced in our cable modem business in Q2 is now behind us. In the DSL space, we believe that we have maintained our leadership position in this market driven by continued market share gains in China and bringing on another VDSL2 carrier win in Europe.  In Q2 we also expanded our portfolio of home networking technologies with the acquisition of Octalica. The Octalica team will accelerate Broadcoms integration of MoCA or Multimedia Over Coax Alliance home networking technologies into our set-top box and broadband modem products.  Broadcom possesses the broadest array of communication technologies for the distribution of voice, video and data and throughout the home. We are going to quickly integrate this functionality in to set-top box and broadband modem solutions, providing MSOs and telecommunication operators with lower cost and higher performance technology for whole-home secure media distribution. As we look in to Q3, we expect growth in broadband communications to be driven by digital TV and broadband modems.  Moving to enterprise networking, revenue from our enterprise networking group grew slightly in Q2 as the follow up in our gigabit Ethernet Controller business for consumer and enterprise PCs was not as sharp as we had anticipated on the last conference call. As Eric mentioned earlier, we had an unusually large gigabit Ethernet switching orders shipment in Q2, though we had expected to ship on a more linear basis in Q2 and Q3.  On the new product front, the second quarter was a busy one. First, to enable flawless playback high definition video content in PCs and laptops we began shipping a new family of what we are calling: media PC solutions. Leveraging IP from our broadband communications group, were enabling the playback of HD content from Blue-ray or HD DVD disk for content that is downloaded or broadcast over the internet.  Our solutions enable this HD content to be viewed on PCs or laptops without intensive CPU processing or a discrete graphics processor with video hardware acceleration that drives up the cost. We began shipping this product to a top five laptop manufacturer in the second quarter.  Secondly, in the 10 gigabit Ethernet market, we rounded out our complete family of 10 gigabit Ethernet solutions with the introduction of our 10 gigabit Ethernet converged nic or C-NIC products. In our 10 gigabit Ethernet serial, transceivers were used in switch and play over the back play. We deliver the most complete family of 10 gigabit Ethernet solutions in the market today.  Finally, demonstrating our ability to continually bring additional features and functions in to our existing platforms we introduced two new products, Power over Ethernet, and broader reach physical layered technologies. Our PoE products support application such as enterprise phones, access points, residential gateways, surveillance cameras, point-of-sale readers and security card scanners.  According to Dell'Oro, PoE shipments will grow from 32 million ports in 2006, through 145 million ports in 2011. Today, we are shipping our PoE solutions to Delta Networks, Alpha Networks and Asante Technology. We are also successful in securing other direct Tier 1 data networking company wins in the second quarter.  Router reaches a breakthrough physical layer technology that extends the reach of standard Ethernet cables up to 500 meters, and can also work over existing and lower cost cables, which is important in networks maintained by hotels, colleges and universities, convention centers, airports, and train stations to name a few. In addition, broader reach works with our PoE solutions.  As we look into Q3, we believe that the Enterprise Networking Group will be down slightly, reflecting a large switching ordering in Q2 that we thought would be spread into Q3, along with relatively flat revenue from the rest of the business lines.  Moving on to our QUALCOMM litigation. First of all, I am pleased to announce that we had entered into a licensing agreement with Verizon Wireless, as described in the press release that was published in the last couple of hours. This will allow Verizon Wireless to offer cell phones that were banned by the ITC, and ensure continued delivery of new products to its customers. Besides payments to Broadcom, Verizon Wireless has agreed the cease its efforts to overturn the ITC order and to withdraw its motion to keep the ITC decision filed with the US Court of Appeals.  We, separately, announced that the two companies have entered into a strategic alliance involving new mobile device chipset another product including, Bluetooth, wireless LAN, optical networking, MoCA, GPS and DSL.  We are pleased to have reached this agreement with Verizon Wireless as it really brought to home the key messages that Broadcom has been discussing regarding QUALCOMM's pervasive infringement of our IP. First, this agreement shows that a commercial solution, not a political solution, is the proper way to settle this dispute. We've demonstrated that we are serious about making licenses available and reaching a viable commercial solution with other companies.  Second, this eliminates any argument regarding the appropriateness of the stay or veto of the ITC decision, and it makes it crystal clear that none of the wildly exaggerated claims that harm the consumers, public safety or economy will come to pass.  Third, this license agreement demonstrates the significant market value of Broadcom's IP. The greatest value of this agreement lies in the strategic alliance with Verizon Wireless. The revenue stream for use of Broadcom's IP is significant and we anticipate sharing this upside with our investors by accelerating emerging businesses and through additional earning. If executed properly, the value of this strategic business relationship could be worth many times of that amount over time.  Finally, as we stated numerous times in the past, we stand ready to negotiate with QUALCOMM or any other market participant to seek a commercial solution as we've done today with Verizon.  With respect to Broadcom's current litigation proceeding against QUALCOMM things are going very well. Our goals remain simple and two-fold. One is to gain proper recognition of the value of our IP, and the second is to achieve a level of competitive playing field.  At this time QUALCOMM has been found to infringe four of our patents, three of them willfully in two different forms. We also have additional patents that have not yet been addressed to trial. Please note that QUALCOMM has either lost or dropped all claims against Broadcom. There has not been any movement in our discussions with QUALCOMM, as it appears that they have bet their future and end customers' upcoming product launches on their political lobbying skills.  There are some near-term events to keep an eye on. From now until August 6th, is the Presidential Review of the ITC remedy. On July 26th, we'll be at a hearing in San Diego related to Broadcom's request for sanctions regarding withholding documents. Remember, in this case, QUALCOMM claims that Broadcom infringed two of its MPEG-4 patents. Broadcom was found not to infringe the patents, but the Judge and Jury both agreed that QUALCOMM had abused the MPEG-4 standard studying process.  We're also awaiting a decision from the judge related to QUALCOMM's standards abused. On August 14th, we will be in a District Court of Santa Ana asking for an injunction related to QUALCOMM's willful infringement of three Broadcom cellular baseband patents. Fourth, we began discovery on our suit alleging the QUALCOMM's conduct, before industry standards organization constitute unfair competition, fraud and breach of contract.  QUALCOMM's conduct includes improperly consuming its patents, reneging on license obligations, and exerting dominance to hidden affiliations. A trial date on that action has not yet been set. Other disputes outstanding, include the European Commission, Federal Trade Commission and our antitrust claim; no new dates have been set on these disputes.  We remain hopeful for these litigation matters and we will come to a positive resolution. We see the agreement announced with Verizon Wireless today as an important step in achieving this goal. We made fair and reasonable settlement proposals to QUALCOMM, which we hope they will consider.  So, in closing, we believe the increasing diversity of our customer base and end market exposure along with significant new product momentum should enable Broadcom to raise revenue sequentially in the third quarter. We continue to believe that we are a product cycle driven organization and we believe that we had a number of product cycles occurring in 2007 and 2008 to keep up excited about the future.  Exact timing and magnitude of these ramps in the early stages are difficult to predict, but we encourage that we are making excellent progress in bringing these solutions to market.  I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on this call and I'll turn the call now back to Peter for instructions on Q&A. 
Peter Andrew: Okay. Thanks Scott. Now there obviously will be a lot of questions and so extend the duration of this call for a little bit longer than normal. I of course will be available for Q&A after the call this evening as well as tomorrow for additional Qs. Now please to enable us to handle as many questions as possible please keep your questions brief.  With that Christine, can you please ask for the first caller? 
Operator: Yes, thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). First question comes from Alex Gauna from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Alex Gauna - UBS: Yes, thank you and congratulations on the agreement with Verizon, I was wondering if your guidance in corporate payments from that in the third quarter? 
Eric Brandt: Alex, its Eric, no it does not. We are still finalizing the accounting for how it would actually run through our P&L. Typically these kinds of arrangements are recorded one quarter in arrears. We don't know the answer for sure but our expectation is that you will first see this in Q4 of this year obviously perhaps a quarter or Q3. Again we'll -- once we have a better picture that we sort of work through those details well update you, but our belief currently is that probably would be one quarter in arrears. 
Alex Gauna - UBS: And is the expectation that this process or however the accounting begins, is August 6th the date which this commences? 
Eric Brandt: It commences today. 
Alex Gauna - UBS: Today. Okay. And is this agreement, is it regardless of what happens with the presidential review -- meaning they have signed for your licensing, to license your IP regardless of what the White House might do? 
Eric Brandt: Yeah, we can't comment on all the details in terms of the agreement, so I apologize Alex, we have to leave it there and you have to read what you read in press release. 
Alex Gauna - UBS: Okay, fair enough. Could I ask also, is it reasonable to assume that others are interested or being extended similar type of terms, meaning other areas? 
Scott McGregor: As I said in my remarks, we have made this offer available to others in the industry and we would be open to discussion with them. 
Alex Gauna - UBS: Okay. And a question in terms of how this change is dynamic with QUALCOMM. It seems to me that there is now a green light for some of those phones to come in to the market. Does this alter your leverage with them in terms of trying to come to some agreeable WCDMA license with them? 
Scott McGregor: Well I think there are a couple of observations on that. Number one, whats happened here is that the end customers of QUALCOMM have seen that QUALCOMM is unwilling to protect them against IP, that it infringes and its so unfortunate that they had to take that into their own hands. My guess is that they wont appreciate doing that and so I think theres continued leverage on QUALCOMM from those customers. This was not a free license for example.  Another issue is that the importation of the phone in to the United States is not the only remedy that we were pursuing against QUALCOMM, and so there are other issues there. I think also this shows that Broadcom is rational and logical and willing to work out business arrangements with customers and other interested parties in the industry.  And so I think it sort of calls into question why QUALCOMM is being so recall strength here and why are they really digging in so hard. We have been pretty rational in terms of trying to settle this and we are hoping that they eventually get to that space as well. 
Operator: The next question comes from Shawn Webster from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Yes thank you. Quickly on Verizon, I know some of the details must remain confidential, but can you give us a sense, is there something thats an annuity that keeps on going or does that 200 million lifetime cap really mean that theres no renegotiation that happens for subsequent technologies? And then I have follow up, please. 
Eric Brandt: Yeah I apologize for that. I think we really cant go into the fees on that, but you can read what you have in the press release. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Fair enough. Can you give us an update on how you see your channel and customer inventories, and then maybe could you go into a little bit more detail on what's going on with the hubbing and why and why that's causing some drop in visibility? Thanks. 
Scott McGregor: Let me deal with the hubbing question first. What happens is, essentially we are carrying the production inventories for our customers and we record revenue as they sort of pulled the part into production. So what happens is we become sort of at the end of the change on the buffer stock, for their production cycles. So at the end of a quarter, depending on what their production looks like, or their particular inventory needs, it can sort of fluctuate a little bit.  So whereas, we sort of shipped to a schedule before and our customer is carried inventory and the buffering sort of adjusted between the two of us, now the buffering is entirely on our hands for these arrangements. So what happens is you literally get visibility on a day-by-day basis as the products are pulled, as apposed to sort of a build-to-order production schedule which occurs across quarter. When that happens, it does create some visibility that is lost to us.  And I think its prudent that we have essentially arranged a range which looks like 2.5% on our revenue is not unreasonable given the nature of these relationships and the fact that they will be expanding over time. 
Eric Brandt: Yeah. I just think overall inventories in the channel feel relatively lean right now. I think customers across the board -- we don't see any particularly high levels of inventory and so consequently customers are asking for relatively short delivery times to meet production schedules. So I would characterize this as fairly lean inventory situation. 
Scott McGregor: Also remember, if you are trying the distribution channel, the distributing channel is a very small percentage of our total sales, only around 15% last quarter. And recognize sales only on a sales-out basis. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: And with the customer's requesting the shorter delivery times, are you seeing your lead times going out for certain of your product categories? 
Scott McGregor: Not particularly, there are one or two fabs that weve seen some lead times to move out. But in general things are relatively even keel. We have seen more expedites recently than we have in the past, though where customers are requesting parts and asking to fulfill in the orders. 
Shawn Webster - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Ellis from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Scott McGregor: Craig, you might be on mute. 
Operator: Mr. Ellis, please go ahead with your question. 
Scott McGregor: Okay. We'll try to pick him in the next round. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Tim Luke from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. Mr. Luke, please go ahead with your question. We'll go to the next question. The next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: I guess one quick follow up on the Verizon deal. First of all, can you hear me okay? 
Scott McGregor: Yes, Ross. 
Eric Brandt: Yeah. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Alright, one for three I guess out of those. On the Verizon deal overall, what about the workaround potential? Are there EV-DO revolutions that they could put into that? That gets them around $6 per handset if QUALCOMM gets to them some sort of workaround or how should we consider that potential? 
Scott McGregor: Well, it's hard for us to assess that. We haven't seen any workaround. So, I don't know the details of what one might be. But, we would certainly be open to looking at it. I mean there are questions I would ask around it. I mean the goal of the technology we have is to save battery life, so what are the implications in battery life and what are the implications on overall network performance would be questions I would ask. And does it really avoid the five different claims of our patents. Those would be the questions that I would ask to somebody claiming to have a workaround. 
Eric Brandt: The other thing that the operators have to consider is that potentially on August 14th there is a chance that we might be able to get a junction on three more patents. So, the question is which patent they are actually designing around today. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Then a follow-up on the cellular SIM sales, Scott you mentioned about accelerating your investment in that area. To the extent can you go into a little bit more detail, if thats due to customers asking for things that we should pull forward the timeframe when we might be able to see some of those design wins we have been waiting for? Or the flip side of it that you really need to invest more to get the products up to the competitive level? 
Scott McGregor: I would say it's more of the former Ross. But, I wouldn't necessarily raise all your estimates at this point, it's still yearly days. I would love to give you more details on this, but I really can't. But, we are feeling good about our engagements with the top-tier customers. And one of the challenges when you engage with the top-tier cellular guys is, as you do get design wins you need to put bodies on it. And so, one other thing we are seeing is the need to deploy people who actually go execute on design win traction that we are getting, so that's the primary driver of that. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great. Then the final question for me, you mentioned about new product launches in the third quarter, and then the second half of the year really accelerating. Could you either go into some details on what those new products are? Or just talk about if you believe the new products ramp would be more impactful in the third quarter, so the first part of the second half or more in the second half of the second half? 
Scott McGregor: I can't give you that kind of color. We probably don't even know that ourselves. What I would observe though is that Broadcom has announced quite a few new products recently, many of them in 65 nanometers, and we've accelerated the pace of our 65 nanometer tape-outs. As Eric said, we expect by the end of the year we'll have 90% of our products tapping out in 65 nanometer and really quite a few of them. And so that will be driven by obviously products we've already announced. It takes a little while before you start seeing revenue. But then a momentum going forward of additional products. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Gary Mobley from A. G. Edwards. Please go ahead. 
Gary Mobley - A. G. Edwards: Hi guys, now Verizon may be taking your baseband and Apps processor, but more seriously, how far are you guys away from perhaps having an offering that scope add on Verizon that worked? 
Eric Brandt: I can't really comment on that, that would still be speculative at this point. 
Gary Mobley - A. G. Edwards: And with respect to the alliance separate from -- so your products what is different about the strategic alliance versus like you were doing with them in the past, what is more beneficial now? 
Scott McGregor: One of the things that came out of our discussions with Verizon on this is that we had our senior management meet with their senior management and their senior technical people meet with some of ours. And I think we really discovered that we have a lot of stuff and interests in common and so I see this as just an opportunity for far better communications between the companies. And just in our discussions, we observed that we have some common objectives and common technologies and markets of interest. And so, I believe it will facilitate a discussion that we haven't had very much before between a very large end customer and Broadcom in terms of developing technologies and working closely with them to get them the products they need, so they can do more competitive end products. So, I think it's the beginning of our stronger relationship where we didn't have much discussion in the past and now look forward to being able to do products and technologies much better tailored to what they see as opportunities for their customers. 
Eric Brandt: And I think the other thing you can appreciate as a customer is we already have a relationship with Verizon in other parts of our business, and when faced with this uncertainty, you know, when a supplier steps up and sort of helps you address and I think it's important to them and whereas one supplier did, and one supplier didn't then I think that helps the relationship over the long-term. Christine? 
Operator: The next question comes from Srini Pajjuri from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Srini Pajjuri -Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Hi guys. Just a clarification first, then I have a couple of questions. It looks like the options expense jumped again this quarter, I mean, for some of those who care about GAAP. Well, how should we model as going forward? 
Scott McGregor: Well, the options expense for the quarter was $134 million but I would suggest perhaps we take this one offline and we can sort of chat with Peter. We can sort of give you a little better picture of it but we just did our grants and those start to sort of roll their way through the P&L. I think as you look at this over time there are a couple of sort of broader points. One is there's a little bit of the pig and the python here, sort of some prior grants, and my guess is over the next two or three years that begins to sort of work its way out of the system, as we sort of migrate to a lower sort of net and even grow solution level. So, what I would suggest is enable with this we will deal with that offline, is that okay? 
Srini Pajjuri -Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's fair. And then the sales and marketing expense looks like you are benefiting from some of the legal going away. Should we expect some of the claim going forward I mean, especially if you settle this QUALCOMM, should we expect that to come down further or do you think it's going to set at this level? 
Scott McGregor: Well, we certainly benefited from it historically and a lot of that is driven by things that are actually going to try and what sort of spike for legal expenses up. We have a projection, I think through the next quarter and that's reflected in the guidance we've provided in terms of OpEx and you will see that it is fairly tight in terms of the growth. So assuming we can sort of work our way through some of these issues, we should be able to see some benefit from that. However, again we are firm believers in the value of our IP and we intend to defend it vigorously to the extent we have to. 
Srini Pajjuri -Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Then I have couple of product questions. Scott, you mentioned your baseband business growth starting in Q3. I am just wondering, I guess so far you announced Samsung and Panasonic for 3G wins. Are those the design wins thats driving this growth or there any other ones that are impacting growth? 
Scott McGregor: My apologies, I can't announce future products until they appear in the market, so I can't tell you the answer to that question. But you are right, those of the two that we have announced so far in the 3G space. Whats really going on here is that we had some old 2G business that was declining. It reached the end life with Sony Ericsson. And what we are now seeing is that we dropped, then we expected the trend up from here on our cellular baseband business. 
Srini Pajjuri -Merrill Lynch: Okay. But is it primarily driven by 3G business? 
Scott McGregor: Yes, it is. 
Srini Pajjuri -Merrill Lynch: Okay. Fair enough. And then finally DTV, looks like that business is doing well. Could you put some numbers around there, at least can you give us some idea how big that business is and where do you hope to exit the year? 
Scott McGregor: I am afraid now, we can't give you specifics on rather than to say that it did double in the quarter and double is going into Q3. We expect it to double going into Q3. But it's getting very good attraction there. We said that we would get design wins with Korea and Japanese and Chinese manufactures. We've done that, they are shipping. I think the opportunity for the rest of this year is to see products like our 3563 product and others, which offered 10 ADP. We expect that could hit the market in the later part of the second half of this year, which would drive the revenues even further.  So we are seeing great traction on our products and what people like about our digital television products is they really integrate more functionality than they are seeing from other suppliers. They are in 65 nanometers, they include basically all of the TV functions except for the tuner and the display driver pretty much, and so it really provides a totally integrated solution for TVs. 
Srini Pajjuri -Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Seogju Lee from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thank you. Just in terms of the business outlook, Scott, can we just delve into that a little bit deeper, it sounded like just in terms of put and takes, it sounded like obviously wireless is going to be things that are up, enterprise its done a little bit mix with one particular issue, but other being relatively flat.  And then broadband found it up, am I missing something -- and then you also have some seasonality and then contribution from Global Locate, so just that we could think about in the context of the guidance that would be very helpful? Thanks. 
Scott McGregor: Yeah. There are a lot of moving parts and certainly when you have 20 semi-businesses they move a little bit on their own for each of those. In the enterprise networking space we are seeing a dramatic pick up in that business; that business is looking to be relatively flat. We haven't seen increased demand from customers in that space. Although, we believe eventually that business will get back to growing. But so far it still appears a little soft, so we are a little cautious on that business.  Our broadband good performers for the reasons we said. I think the star growth performer in the broadband areas is going to be digital TV, that's the one, thats the biggest growth driver there. In the mobile and wireless space, Bluetooth and wireless LAN are going gangbusters and so we do see those as the primary growth drivers there. So if you ask me what are the three biggest growth drivers we see going in to Q3, its probably Bluetooth, wireless LAN and digital TV. 
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Okay. But just conversely, the only thing I get sort of down is enterprise networking that -- how should we think about it? 
Scott McGregor: Yeah, we dont give an update on every business in exactly what its doing, but certainly from a top-level portfolio, I think you have got about the right view. 
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thanks. Good luck. 
Scott McGregor: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Berger from Wedbush Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. With respect to the hubbing arraignments, did you say which product areas those are in or which customers those are? 
Eric Brandt: We haven't said. They are our largest customers. You need to be at a certain scale both from a standpoint of customer to make it work it from our standpoint, and I would leave it at that some times. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: Okay. Moving on to the set-top boxes. Has demand for the high-end set-top boxes caught up? Are we back to sort of more normalized pull relative to consumption there? 
Scott McGregor: Well, we saw bit of a catch-up in the high-end set-top boxes after the FDC mandate. We believe that that market will continue to grow going forward, because the low-end of the market has basically moved up more to the high-end of the market. So, as time goes on we see capabilities like PVR, AVC and MPEG-4 as becoming more a normal set-top box functionality. So, the ratio of high-end set-top boxes to lower-mid we believe will go up and that will drive growth in that space. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: Thank you. Moving on the DSL modem. Has the issue being worked through there? Is that segment getting back to growth in the back half, or is there some more wood to chop? 
Scott McGregor: Yes. Yeah, no, there is no inventory issue remaining in that space. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: Okay. And just quickly on DTV, I know you guys don't talk about specific customers or product. But you probably have a pretty good sense for how 2008 total is going to shape up at this point. Generally, 95 million to 100 million LCD TVs are expected to be sold. How many of those do you think you might be able to be in? 
Scott McGregor: We don't give that specific guidance. What we will try to do at Analyst Day although in November is we'll probably give you a little more color on our products and you will get a chance to see some of them. And I think we can probably give you a better sense of where we are going there. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: Can you help us at least with any other design win traction for '08 without naming specific customers or products? 
Scott McGregor: Well, I mean I can tell you that they are probably in China, Korea or Japan, but I dont think I'll help you that much. 
Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: The next question comes from Quinn Bolton from Needham & Company. Please go ahead. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: You guys mentioned starting to see I think more momentum on the IPTV set-top box front. Just wondering if you could expand on those comments. And then the second question, it sounds like you talked about a big switch order that you chipped in Q2 that sounds like you are going to see a pause in Q3 for that particular customer. But, outside of that customer, is the rest of the switch business sort of holding in? 
Scott McGregor: Well, the switch business is holding on just fine and our share remains strong. We dont see any share changes or whatnot there. We're just starting to see overall growth in the switch business, and so thats why you get a big order and it can give you a little lumpiness between quarters. So, share-holding strong, dont anticipate that changing. And we just looked to the switch business just catching up overall.  On your IPTV question. We believe IPTV will become more and more significant going forward. There were some big issues around content availability and other things that were limiting it. For example, we are shipping right now in the Verizon FiOS IPTV and a variety of ones in Asia and so forth. We do expect to see our design win traction in IPTV pickup. We have got some very compelling products in that space, and some new ones we have recently have done. And so IPTV products will become more and more important markets over the next year or so. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: So is it more of an '08 rather that second half of '07 based on that? 
Scott McGregor: The whole market is more of an '08 than an07. If you look at the actual install rates, it's not so much in '07. That market will really come of age in '08 and '09. 
Quinn Bolton - Needham & Company: Great, thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Shaw Wu from American Technologies. Please go ahead. 
Shaw Wu - American Technologies: Thanks. Just two questions if I may. Just a follow-up on the cable set-top box business. Obviously, there has been, you mentioned earlier the SEC mandate with the CableCARD initiative. We think the other players are going to see their business kind of soften, add a little more color in terms of why Broadcom has done well there despite the transition. And then second, just a little more color on digital TV obviously looking at that that, there will be a great growth opportunity. I am just trying to understand is that a function of gaining more share at your existing customers or is it more about gaining new customers? Thanks. 
Scott McGregor: So in the DTV space -- if both gaining new customers and gaining additional models. The TV business is generally a risk of worst one and so they generally try you out in a model or two to see how it goes and sales and what your field call rate is and if there is anything breaking, so the customers don't like it, and if it goes well they expanded into multiple models. And so that really helps us there. So, we see our current 720T products doing fairly well in sort of the lower mid range or mid range products. In the 1080P product we have, that we announced at CES earlier this year enabled us to really do a good job there.  On the set-top box side you asked what's behind the strength in that business. We have just a great integrated product and one of the things that Broadcom has done is we have done a great job of taking a lot of different technology and putting it in a single piece of silicon. What that does is it eliminates sockets of competitors. It reduces the cost of the solution for our customers. And so it's really just executing on that for some of the larger customers that's given us that strength in set-top box. 
Eric Brandt: Also remember Shaw, I think you've seen most of the churn really occur at the lower end of the market where we really have not had that much of a presence. If anything, one of the reasons for our growth in Q2, was the fact that the high end demand just returned back to the normal level. 
Shaw Wu - American Technologies: Okay. Thanks. Just a follow-up on kind of the digital TV again, so do you see your gross, do you see as more just doing better, are your existing accounts -- would you say that's the bigger driver or just quantitatively or qualitatively that or versus over the new wins, I mean like new OEMs? 
Scott McGregor: Shawn, it's really both. We have gotten additional designs wins and the customers that we already have, have gone from a handful of models to more model of the models that were in have ramped in terms of quantity, in one particular case the customer has put on additional capacity in their new facilities, now delivering products are based on our chips. And so it's really all of those things.  It's getting into the market that we have a better solution than many of the internal A6 solution that some other guys use, some of our competitors are internal A6. And we've also shown that we have better integrated solutions, so we are more cost effective than the internal A6. And better integrated and cost effective than the other merchant silicon out there. Again, I don't think there are other guys out there in 65 nanometers that have the level of integration we are looking at. 
Shaw Wu - American Technologies: Okay. Great. Thanks. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The next question comes from David Wu from Global Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Yeah. Good afternoon gentleman, congratulations. I just want to have one clarification one simple question. The clarification is, I guess your relationship with Verizon, or the strategic relationship, would that bring you in to those CDMA, camp that is consolidated QUALCOMM, i.e. right now from my understanding you are going basically WCDMA and further down that path. With the deal that you strike with Verizon, does that entitle you to get in to the other side which is the EVDO side? 
Scott McGregor: Well, Verizon certainly does use CDMA and EVDO technology today and there would be an opportunity for us to produce chips on those technologies, but we haven't made any announcements on that at this point. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: I was wondering whether thats got something to do with if you step up R&D spending. 
Scott McGregor: Yeah, I can only say we haven't made any announcements at this point. And you should necessarily assume those are related. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Alright. The second question I have is really at this point to get to a 10% to 15% by December of 2009 on baseband, are there a couple of things we need to think about, or essentially the fact that you have all the IPs to give a pretty good SOC ultimately the key to you hitting that 10 to 15. In other words, the baseband itself is interesting, but that the way you get there is who really pretty comprehensive IP around and SOC for 3G. 
Scott McGregor: I think you have got a good point there, its interesting the baseband market. I think in the future there is no baseband market. In the future there are cell phone chips, and they will happen to include a baseband. And if you think back in history we used to cell, microprocessor chip. And there are some companies that still do sell very high performance microprocessor chips and there are quite a few of them, but a lot of the companies that sold sort of embedded microprocessors -- it went from one chip back maybe 15 years ago, so now its small core in the corner of an SOC or maybe they are multiple in SOC.  I think the same thing is going to happen with baseband technology that today it may be a chip, but in the future it's part of an SOC. And so that's why the breadth of IP is very important. And a lot of these larger handset manufacturers, they are not going to switch base end suppliers to save a dollar today, that's just not as economical for them, because they have a big software investment and they make a long-term commitment to baseband suppliers.  So what we see is that we are able to offer an excellent SOC roadmap that includes baseband, includes wireless connectivity, it includes multimedia, it includes networking, it includes digital rights management, it now includes GPS, and a variety of these technologies. And so it gives us a very, very powerful SOC capability and that's definitely one of the things that excite our customers.  In terms of thinking about our business, I would encourage you to think of 2007 as the year that we have to get design win. And 2008 as the year that you are going to, you should expect to see those products start coming to market and in 2008 you should know the names of all big customers and how we are going to get our large market share, and 2009 is just a privation of that growing market share rolling out in multiple models then and again getting to that market share hold that we have. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Scott McGregor: Welcome. 
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session for today. Gentlemen, please go ahead if any concluding comments. 
Scott McGregor: Thank you very much. I appreciate you joining us today. As a reminder we are going to do our analyst day in November 8. We will be hosting this up in San Francisco stay tuned for further details on that. Thanks again for your attendance today and good afternoon. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Broadcom conference call.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-26 16:45:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-02-08 16:45:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Peter Andrew  VP, Investor Relations   Scott McGregor - CEO   Bruce Kiddoo  Acting CFO 
Analysts: Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse   Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank   Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey   Craig Ellis - Citigroup   Alex Gauna - UBS   Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch   David Wu - Global Crown Capital   Gary Mobley - AG Edwards & Sons   Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley   Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs   Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers   Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co   Allan Mishan - CIBC World Markets   Edwin Mok - Needham & Company   Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan   Satya Chillara - Pacific Growth Equities   Shebly Seyrafi - Caris   Shaw Wu - American Technology Research 
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Broadcom conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Peter Andrew. Mr. Andrew, you may begin. 
 Peter Andrew  Investor Relations: Thank you, Operator, and good afternoon to everyone. Before I turn the line over to Scott and Bruce I'd like to make a few quick comments.  During this call, we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue, gross margin and operating expense targets for Q1 2007 and any other future period and statements about prospects for our various businesses and the development status and planned availability of new products.  It should be clearly understood that our actual results may differ substantially from the forward-looking statements we make today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results are discussed in the risk factors section of our amended annual report on form 10-K(a) for 2005 and the quarterly report on form 10-Q(a) for Q1 2006 and subsequent quarterly reports on form 10-Q and in our other SEC filings.  A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of today's press release. As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update any forward-looking statement for any reason. Throughout this call we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Today's earnings release and the related current report on form 8-K describe the differences between our non-GAAP and GAAP reporting and presents a reconciliation between the two for the periods reported in this release. Please see the investors section of our website for reconciliations going back to the beginning of 2004 as well as for additional financial and fiscal information, including the information disclosed in accordance with SEC regulation G.  With that, let me turn the call over to Scott. 
Scott McGregor: Thank you, Peter. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'm going to go over some of the high points of the year and Q4 and then let Bruce give more detail on the financial statements. I'll then come back and add some color on the end markets we serve, our technology and the specific performance of certain of our lines of business before we take your questions.  2006 was a very good year for Broadcom, as we increased our revenue by 37% - or nearly $1 billion - to $3.668 billion. We increased our cash and marketable securities by more than $900 million to just over $2.8 billion at year end. Our 37% revenue growth outpaced the growth of the total semiconductor industry by over four-fold. For Q4, our net revenue came in at $923.5 million which is a bit better than we expected and due to strong demand for some of our customers' consumer products in the holiday season.  We ended 2006 with an amazing team in place and we continue toward our mission of being the leading communications semiconductor company. We plan to achieve this goal by focusing on hiring the best talent, continuing to bring new products to market and expending to new end markets. Today we also announced that our board of directors has approved a new share repurchase plan for up to $1 billion. We believe this program will enhance shareholder value by returning capital to our shareholders and reducing share dilution.  Now I'll turn the call over to Bruce Kiddoo, our acting chief financial officer, to talk about Q4 and give guidance for Q1. 
Bruce Kiddoo, Acting CFO: Thanks, Scott. Overall, we are pleased with our Q4 results. Revenue of $923.5 million was up $21 million or 2.3% from Q3 and slightly ahead of our expectations. Non-GAAP gross margins of 51.9% was up 90bps from last quarter and was in our long-term model of 50-52%, consistent with our guidance. Total non-GAAP operating expense increased by $30 million over Q3 due to investments in new product areas in 65 nanometer process technology plus increased legal and accounting costs related to the restated financial statements that we filed on January 23rd.  Non-GAAP EPS were $0.31 down from $0.32 in Q3. Our cash and marketable securities on hand increased by $247 million for the quarter, leaving us with a record balance of $2.8 billion. Inventory for the quarter decreased by over $20 million to $202.8 million, or 8.8 turns. This is our second consecutive quarter of significant reductions in inventory. This demonstrates the excellent work our operations team can do to adjust our supply to an ever-changing environment. The turns level of 8.8 times is well above our long-term goal of seven to eight turns.  For the full fiscal year we had very strong results, growing revenue just shy of $1 billion and growing cash and marketable securities by over $900 million. Broadcom's revenue growth outpaced the overall semiconductor industry by over four fold, driven by revenue growth in each of our target end markets in excess of that of the overall industry. Moving on to revenue and gross margin, in our October call we said we expected Q4 revenue could be approximately $903-912 million. We said we expected revenue growth to be led by our mobile and wireless products. We expected growth in almost all major segments including cellular, driven by growth in both 2G and 3G phones, Bluetooth driven by cellular, the ramp of Nintendo Wii and PC applications and wireless LAN driven by the ramp of Nintendo Wii.  This is exactly what occurred. We exceeded our revenue guidance in Q4 due to seasonally strong sales of solutions in the mobile multimedia devices, Bluetooth for handsets and PC applications as our customers wanted to make sure that they had adequate product on the shelves.  In other areas, as expected, our switch business did growth in Q4, but this growth was offset by softness in sales of controllers due to excess inventory and a mix shift from server enterprise related products to consumer oriented products. With respect to our broadband communications market, strong growth in cable modems was more than offset by decline in other lines of business. In cable set top boxes, our revenue was down, consistent with our guidance, as a major customer purposely built up inventory in Q3 due to a manufacturing transition. In addition, there was a mix shift to lower-end set top boxes.  Our DSL was down as we worked through the remaining excess inventory. We had expected growth in our   digital TV business in Q4, but instead we experienced a fall off in our much older design wins in this space, offset slightly by the commencement of shipments to a second tier one customer very late in the quarter. In terms of revenue distribution for Q4, broadband communications accounted for approximately 36% of total revenue; mobile and wireless for 33% and enterprise networking for 31%. In Q4, we once again had two customers who accounted for 10% or more of our revenue: Motorola and Cisco.  With respect to our gross margin, as we guided to in October, we began to see the supply chain capacity open up, resulting in a more favorable pricing environment. Q4 gross margin of 51.9% was above Q3 and at the high end of our long-term model. Regarding operating expenses, non-GAAP operating expenses were up $30 million from our Q3 levels due to increased investments in new product areas, up approximately $11 million and investments in 65 nanometer process technology up approximately $7 million. As we have indicated before, to put this level of investment into perspective, approximately 30% of our R&D spending is in markets that represent little to no revenue today. In addition, just to illustrate how quickly we are making a transition to 65 nanometer, in Q3 less than 5% of our tape outs were in 65 nanometer. That percentage jumped to 33% in Q4 and by Q4 2007 we expect almost 90% of our tape outs will be in 65 nanometer.  65 nanometer is giving us a definite competitive advantage in terms of low power and the ability to integrate features and functionality that most of our competition simply cannot achieve. Our expenses also increased by approximately $6 million due to legal and accounting costs associated with our recent equity award review.  We increased our total company headcount from Q3 by 194 to a worldwide total of 5,233. This includes over 3,808 employees in engineering, or 73% of our total headcount. This has increased from approximately 68% two years ago. Our annualized revenue per employee was $706,000 in Q4. Turning to the balance sheet, we continue to generate strong positive cash flow, increasing total cash and marketable securities by $247 million to an all-time high of $2.8 billion.  Consistent with Q3, the positive cash flow was generated primarily from operations as proceeds from employee stock option exercises and outlays for our stock repurchase program were both negligible due to the suspension of our S-1/A Registration Statement while our financials were not current. Capex did increase in Q4 and will remain above average in Q1 and Q2 as we prepare for the move to our new Irvine campus late this quarter.  After lowering our inventory by over $54 million in Q3, we lowered our inventory further in Q4 by over $20 million to $202.8 million. Inventory turns were 8.8 in Q4 compared to 7.9 in Q3. A percentage of our sales made through distributors, approximately 13%, remain consistent with our Q3 levels. As a reminder, we recognize revenue through distributors on a sales out basis. Broadcom's low inventory and relatively low distributor sales have given us a higher level of visibility than is the case for many others in the semiconductor space.  Our accounts receivable DSOs decreased from 43 days to 38. Our linearity of shipments was good, shipping only 29% of the quarter in the third month, reflecting the seasonal requirement for product early in the quarter.  Also today, we announced a new share repurchase program, under which we can purchase up to one billion of our class A common stock over the next 18 months. Although we currently anticipate that we will repurchase that amount in the first 12 months of the program, the rate of our repurchases will of course depend on market conditions and other factors. The objectives of this program consistent with prior years are to manage our net share dilution and to return capital to shareholders.  Our first priority will always be to invest in our business, we believe that given our strong cash flow, this is an excellent use of our cash. Moving on to Q1 guidance, in Q4 we exceeded our revenue guidance due to seasonally strong sales in mobile multimedia devices and Bluetooth handsets and PC applications. For Q1, we expect a seasonal decline in our more consumer oriented businesses which we anticipate will be partially offset by growth in switching and certain areas of our broadband business. Specifically for Q1, we expect revenue to be down slightly in the range of $890-900 million.  Looking at what we expect to happen in Q1 versus Q4, in broadband communications we expect growth in satellites as operators enter the year with their new capital budgets, and in DSL as our customers have worked through their inventory issues and resumed their normal level of shipments. In mobile and wireless we expect a seasonal decline in our mobile and multimedia and Bluetooth businesses. In enterprise networking, we expect continued recovery of our enterprise switch and buy business offset by weakness in our Ethernet controller business due to excess inventory in the PC market.  For non-GAAP gross margin, in Q1 we expect to see continued benefits from the supply chain capacity opening up, resulting in a slight increase in gross margin compared to Q4. For non-GAAP operating expenses in Q1, we expect continued investments in new products and 65 nanometer process technology, both of which we believe are critical to our revenue growth and gross margin in 2007 and later years. In Q1, we expect non-GAAP operating expenses on a dollar basis to increase but not by the same magnitude as they increased from Q3 to Q4.  Historically when our spending increase is above our business model, it is due to specific customer opportunities that we have a good track record of converting to revenue. However, we remain very conscious of our long-term profitability models and will take whatever steps we reasonably can to ensure we operate within that model while continuing to fund our growth opportunities and other priorities. Finally, cash flow from operations for Q1 is expected to remain strong. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk about the state of the business. 
Scott McGregor: Thanks, Bruce. During Q4 we successfully brought to market the first of many products we plan to offer in 65 nanometer. Our early ability to deliver products in smaller geometry processes will continue to be a theme for Broadcom as we combine the low power and integration potential offered by 65 nanometer to deliver products that are truly differentiated in all of our target end markets. Combine these abilities with our solid balance sheet and one could easily observe that we're very well positioned to lead this industry. We have over 20 different lines of business focused on three separate end markets that we classify as broadband, mobile and wireless and enterprise networking. Another way to look at it is that Broadcom solutions touch an individual at home, at work and while mobile.  These lines of business change from time to time but none represented over 15% of revenue in Q4 and only three are above 10% of sales, which is a testament to the diversity of our product stream and the fact that we're not being driven by any single end market product, technology or customer. Moving on to the product lines, in broadband communications, revenue was down in Q4 due to weakness in our DSL and cable set top box businesses but that was offset by continued growth in our cable modem business. In DSL, we believe that Q4 marked the bottom as we resolved excess inventory and experienced product transition issues with specific customers.  We now believe that excess inventory has dissipated from our customers' supply chain and expect DSL revenue to increase in Q1 2007. Overall, we finished 2006 with more than 100% unit growth in our DSL line of business and with market share greater than 45%. Our funnel of design wins indicates that further increases in market share are possible in 2007. We see excellent opportunities to grow this business longer term, driven by additional unit growth, ASP increase as we add voice, switching and wireless LAN to these platforms and our expansion into the VSDL 2 space. We believe that we can achieve a share position in VDSL 2 similar to what we have today in ADSL 2+. Coming from a small base, our VDSL 2 CPE revenues more than doubled from Q3 to Q4.  In cable modems, our business remains strong in Q4 are our main customers continue to see strong demand for both data and voice modems. As the market continues to convert from data to voice modems, we expect that we will generate more revenue from voice modems compared to data modems some time in the middle of 2007. Bruce already talked about the historical performance of our cable set top box market business. We anticipate that in Q1, cable set top customers' order patterns will be similar to the first half of 2006. Based on recently reported results from our top two customers in this space, demand for set top boxes remains strong.  In our DTV business, we had two significant developments. First, we started shipping to another tier one DTV OEM and we anticipate that the customer will be significant as we move through 2007. Second, we delivered the industry's first single chip 65 nanometer high definition blu-ray digital TV solution. This solution enables TV and other consumer equipment manufacturers to cost effectively build TVs and displays with the industry's highest quality HD resolution. Customer interest is strong and consumer products incorporating this solution should who up in the 2007 holiday season.  During Q4, we announced the industry's first complete system on a chip solution that combines both blu-ray and HDTV optical disc formats into a highly integrated single chip design. Blu-ray and HD DVD are the next generation of optical disc formats for recording, rewriting and playing high definition video and digital data. The new Broadcom SoC has an advanced feature set coupled with a software stack that's compliant with both blu-ray and HD DVD specifications. It provides OEMs with a complete platform for future generation media players that support both disc formats.  Our expectation in this space is that universal players such as the one that one of our customers demonstrated at CES will become a strong force in the market because they solve the customer quandary of which format to buy.  Moving onto enterprise networking. Revenue was down slightly in the quarter, driven primarily by weakness in our controller business due to excess inventory and a mix shift from enterprise, client and server products to more consumer-oriented products. One line of business that experienced relative strength was gigabit Ethernet switching as we worked through the inventory correction in prior quarters and in market demand. We expect to see this trend continue. Looking beyond gigabit Ethernet, we see adoption of 10 gigabit Ethernet technology primarily being driven by the server and blade server markets as well as by switches and other data center equipment markets.  At the beginning of Q1, we acquired LVL7 Systems, a developer of production ready networking software that enables networking OEMs and ODMs to reduce development expenses and compress their development timelines. Through this acquisition, we are better able to address our customers growing demand for integrated hardware and software solutions. Broadcom continues to be the market share leader by a wide margin in the enterprise switching and controller market and during the quarter we announced some exciting new products and technologies to address higher levels of port density and higher levels of integration.  Our recent announcements include first of all a new roller switch family that enables intelligent, reliable networks for the small to medium sized businesses through a combination of hardware integration that includes up to 50 gigabit Ethernet ports and on-chip [inaudible] processing.  This new family enables Broadcom to deliver a feature rich solution that's easy to set up and keeps system costs at an affordable level. We also announced the industry's first all DSP-based 10 gigabit Ethernet serial transceiver that provides significant performance manufacturing and reliability advantages over competing analog solutions. Enterprise data centers can now achieve higher bandwidth and performance while maintaining significant savings in cost resources and manpower when they upgrade to 10 gigabit Ethernet links.  Moving on to mobile and wireless, the sequential net revenue growth in our mobile and wireless business was driven by seasonal strength in our Bluetooth wireless LAN, mobile multimedia and mobile communication businesses. In Bluetooth we had a very strong quarter. We experienced growth that was a bit above our initial expectations due to the strength in the cellular NPC space. During the quarter, we saw growth in demand for solutions for handsets, embedded products such as the Wii, PC products and even audio products. As we look into 2007 we believe the drivers to Broadcom's continued Bluetooth growth include the following: first of all an increase in overall attach rates, especially in the cellular handset space. We're also entering the mono headset market in which we believe we'll achieve significant market share in 2007.  Also end customers starting to ship products with our integrated Bluetooth and FM part will be a driver for us. We remain the only company with a working blue tooth plus FM single chip that's in production. We expect four of the top five handset OEMs will use our combined solution and anticipate shipping our first million units by the end of Q2 2007. Running that out, last week we announced our integrated 65 nanometer Bluetooth plus FM plus WiFi part. This product is out there ahead of the competition. We expect to see it in consumer's customer's products in late 2007 or early 2008.  In our wireless LAN business we continue to see continued strength in 802.11g into embedded, access point and router applications. In 802.11n we believe Broadcom shipped more 802.11n parts than anyone else in 2006 in both unit and revenue terms. We have a diverse customer base that includes all top five retail OEMs and five of the top six PC OEMs. During Q4, we made several announcements regarding our wireless LAN products and applications.  We had two new announcements in our router business. We announced a new WiFi gigabit Ethernet processor that provides a significant boost in performance compared to other 802.11n processors. We also announced the industry's first WiFi router that integrates a baseband with an 802.11g radio. Ethernet switching and MITS(?) processors were also incorporated into a single chip design. We expect adoption of Broadcom's 802.11n solution to grow in 2007 for the following reasons.  First of all, we have lower cost access points to clients and you'll see $99 retail prices for access points, which we think will encourage consumer demand. We also see a lot more skews that are enabled with 802.11n. We see the adoption of a draft 2.0 standard which we think will encourage overall growth in the industry and also the WiFi alliance will start certifying draft 802.11n by mid year.  All of these things we think are good for growth in the market and our business. While our VoIP business is smaller than wireless LAN or Bluetooth, our VoIP business has been fairly consistent in 2006. We look forward to this business accelerating in 2007. AT our analyst day, we announced a number of new initiatives aimed at rounding out our footprint in the cellular handset market. These products included the following. We entered the application systems processor market with a monolithic high performance system on a chip that combines the industry-leading Broadcom video core multimedia processor and an ARM-11 applications processor.  Our solution is optimized for high volume markets including mobile phones, mobile TVs and portable audio video game devices, and delivers an unprecedented level of integration, multimedia performance and low power dissipation. We also entered the portable power management market with a system on a chip PMU solution that intelligently manages power consumption in the mobile devices to optimize system operation and therefore maximize battery life. The PMU can be paired with Broadcom or other baseband processors, multimedia processors or application processors to provide the complete system solution required by leading mobile device manufacturers.  We followed that up with the world's first 65 nanometer EDGE radio frequency RF transceiver which was announced earlier this week. Designed as a monolithic die in pure digital CMOS technology, this new Broadcom device integrates all transceiver and analog baseband functionality to deliver savings in power consumption, size and cost. This highly integrated single chip solution is designed in a 65 nanometer CMOS process that delivers the industry's lowest power consumption as well as a little bit of material cost. We're looking forward to seeing many of you at the 3GSM show at Barcelona next week, where we'll show our cellular and wireless solutions.  Before I turn the call over to your questions I'd like to anticipate one of them right now and highlight a few of the areas that are shaping up to generate strong growth for us in 2007. First of all, digital television. We'll be shipping with additional tier one customers and we expect growth in the customers that we already have. The second is Bluetooth. As our products and customer base grows, we begin to penetrate more into the PC and mono headset space and we should see good growth in our revenue. The third one is Wireless LAN. As 802.11n and embedded applications grow, this will benefit us as well. Fourthly, network switching as the migration to gigabit Ethernet continues and we begin to penetrate into the metro space.  With that, let me now turn it over to your questions. Operator, will you please take some questions? 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Operator:
Operator instructions.:
Q - Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Maybe to start off first if we can get a little bit more explanation of that $50.6 million charge and my assumption is that it's not recurring. Can we get a little bit more color on that? 
A - Bruce Kiddoo : As you say, it's not a recurring charge. It was primarily related to employee related expenses related to our equity award review. The items in there were related to our employee stock purchase plan where we weren't able to do a purchase during when our S-8 was suspended. It was also related to a testing period - excuse me, exercise period for employees that had terminated and we had to extend that. In general, it was all expenses that were solely related to the impact of our S-8 being suspended and the impact on employees with the Broadcom management philosophy that we weren't going to penalize our employees due to something that was outside of their control. 
Q - Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: While we're on that topic, do you have any idea what stock comp charge ballpark is going to be this year versus last year at all, or is it too early to tell? 
A - Bruce Kiddoo : Generally we run about $100-120 million a quarter. I think that's going to be consistent YoverY. 
Q - Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Maybe for Scott, on the wireless side, give us an idea - 3G has been slower to roll out than I think a lot of people were hoping and I know you guys have a better position in 3G and an exciting position. Is that having an impact at all on your designs or your thoughts on that market? Or the timing of that market, which you guys were looking for? 
A - Scott McGregor: No, not really. We feel pretty comfortable with where we are on our product offerings and where we see the market going. Michael, I think we'll be able to say a little more about that at 3GSM next week and the following. 
Q - Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Just a last one from me, in a lot of these markets you have this diversity and it does make a big difference, but a lot of these markets, we see a couple of strong quarters and then sort of an inventory correction or a little bit of an adjustment and then it returns to health. Again I think we've talked about this before, but are there any of those markets you're seeing right now where you're seeing strength? Maybe you think there's a little bit of a pause coming close to that or vice versa where you're really seeing inventory refill coming back and I just want to make sure we're understanding what the real market trends are versus some of the inventory cycles. 
A - Scott McGregor: Well, we mentioned that we had cleared inventory for example in DSL and in network switching. Those were two that we highlighted last time. We do believe our customers are through that and so that's why we see growth trends from there. But in general, it's a little hard for us as a chip supplier to see where our customer inventories are. But again, it's one of the things I like about Broadcom's business. We do have a lot of different business lines. We love all our businesses. We've got some diversity, so no one of them hurts us if it gets into an inventory issue. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. 
Q - Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks and also congrats on a solid quarter. Just wondering on the cost side of things, you're transitions to 65 nanometer rather fast for all the reasons you've said in the past. On the cost side of that transition, is there a period during this year where the costs start to flatten out as you get up above, say, 50% penetration in tape-outs? Or is there anything strange that will happen in the trajectory of those costs during the year? 
A - Scott McGregor: Well, you're absolutely that we've been very aggressive on 65 nanometer. And I think as other competitors of ours start to tape-out 65 nanometer costs parts you're going to see the costs there as well. A mass set for 65 nanometer costs over $1 million dollars. So your ability to get it right is really important. If you have to run a few iterations of a product that not only costs you time to market but gets expensive. You will see probably an increase in 65 nanometer mass costs as we have just an amazing number of parts queued up over the course of the year. That is an investment we make. But for each one of those that tapes-out, then we have a 65 nanometer very competitive product in the market and generally our competitors don't. We see that as a very positive thing. And they're going to have to spend it eventually too if they want to catch up. Over time, we expect the 65 nanometer mass costs to come down and it could get below $1 million dollars at some point. But right now it's significantly above $1 million dollars and not yet at that point. 
Q - Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: So the way we would see that manifest itself on the income statement is higher R&D but you can make up a bunch of that with revenue growth and theoretically better gross margins as well? 
A - Scott McGregor: Yes, what you'll see is you'll see R&D costs go up initially with the mass costs. And then as the products go out to customers and they start deploying them, you should see a revenue and margin pick up as we have a competitive part. 
Q - Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: And then the next question, a couple quick ones on product lines. Scott, you mentioned in the cable set-top box area you thought it would be similar to how it behaved in the first half of last year. Can you give us a little bit more on what you mean behind that statement? 
A - Scott McGregor: Yes. I expect that cable set-top box market will continue to grow. We see a number of things driving that. We see promotions going on in some of the customers. We see a real eagerness to get the video recording and the MPEG4 technology out there. People buy these great products in the TV side and they want to upgrade their set-top boxes. We definitely see some pick up from that. 
Q - Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: And then the final one, really quickly, on the digital TV side. You mentioned that that would be a growth driver for 2007. As you guys are taking share within that, how should we think about the linearity of that business through the quarter? Can your share gains offset some of the typically back end weighted seasonality or would your digital TV business pretty much look like what a normal seasonal year would look like with a bigger back half? 
A - Scott McGregor: That's a real good question. I'd say we don't yet have so many customers and so many models that we've got a real predictable curve on that. The digital TV business typically peaks in Q3. They're heavy products. They don't get shipped by air. They want to build them ahead of the holiday seasons. And so, you generally see a peak in Q3 from a seasonality point of view. We are adding a number of additional customers and some of the products like the new 1080P product probably is going to be more of a Q4 driver. Where you would normally see a peak in Q3 and a little bit down in Q4, we may have some pick up in Q4 if we're real successful with that product. But again, we're in a number of models now with a number of our top tier guys. The rate of growth will depend on how rapidly they deploy our solutions into additional models and how rapidly our 1080P solution gets picked up in the market. There's a bit of uncertainty there but we feel really good about the overall direction. Customers are really excited about that 1080P product. We demonstrated that at CES and we had extremely strong interest from customers. All asking can we pull it in? Can we make it faster? Can we get it in products so they can ship this year? 
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Caso of Friedman, Billings. 
Q - Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Thank you. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the set-top market. And you talked about a mix shift that occurred in Q4. Is there something going on there within the marketplace that would cause the mix to go down to lower levels or you consider this just a short term issue and could you explain why? 
A - Scott McGregor: I consider it a short term issue. I think depending upon what's going on in the market there will be different surges between low end and high end set-top boxes. We believe over time the trend is towards additional PVR functionality and MPEG4 ABC boxes. And so one of our goals over the course of this year is to get our single-chip advanced Kodak solutions out into more and more boxes. And we think that will be the dominant trend over the course of the year. 
Q - Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Okay. And with respect to the Bluetooth market, you talked about an intention to get into the mono headset market. Could you give us a little bit about your strategy there? Obviously, you're up against a pretty entrenched incumbent there. What's the strategy for breaking into that market. 
A - Scott McGregor: Well, step one is have products. In the past, they were pretty much unopposed in that market. And we did not do the products that were targeted. We had a stereo headset product but we didn't really do a cost optimized mono headset product for that market. Where you had pretty much a single supplier in that space, we've now introduced some very competitive parts. And generally, customers like to have competition among their suppliers, so we're seeing a great deal of interest. And so we expect a pretty good pick up as those customers add our parts in. And we expect to take double-digit market share pretty quick there. 
Q - Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Back at the analyst day, I think you guys were pretty clear, talking about handsets for you guys not really being a growth market for you this year. How should we think of that sequentially as we go through the year? Should we be anticipating sequential declines in the revenue you guys get from handsets over the next few quarters or should it be more flattish? 
A - Scott McGregor: I think you should think of this year as the year where we need to win design wins that are going to take us into growth in 2008 and 2009. And what I think you'll see is a bit of a decline in some of our legacy 2G business. We'll have some pick up in our 3G business. I think if you model it flattish, that's probably going to be pretty close to what to think there. That's not a growth driver for us this year, though. I think in 2008 and especially 2009, that's going to be a major growth driver for us. 
Operator: Craig Ellis of Citigroup has our next question. 
Q - Craig Ellis - Citigroup: A detail on the operating expenses. You mentioned that the options inquiry related expense was up $6 million in Q4. How much was it in total? How much do you expect it to be in Q1? And I would expect that just goes away in Q2 so we should have a step function change down in opex in Q2, shouldn't we? 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: Yes. I think the bulk of the expenses were really in Q4 and so for the full year it was just a little bit above that $6 million. When we look into Q1 it will clearly go down and by Q2 we expect that to be gone as you indicate. When we look at our overall legal expenses, though, with the Qualcomm litigation picking up activity in the first half of the year, we think that will probably offset the declines in the legal costs related to the restatement. 
Q - Craig Ellis - Citigroup: So Bruce, with staffing up for new products and the new technology transition to 65 and then just legal expense, we should expect a sequential increase in operating expense through the year? 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: Yes. 
Q - Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Then switching gears a little bit to the gross margin line, you expected and obtained the gross margin increase. Typically, there's a multi-quarter period where gross margin will benefit from the supply chain opening up. Where are we in that process? Are we about middle stages or is that opportunity going to narrow after Q1? 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: It's hard to tell. Clearly, like you say, it is a multi-quarter. We did guide that we are continuing to see some benefits for Q1. As we go out into Q2, we'll just have to wait and see. Obviously, from what the capacity situation looks like and our mix of businesses, clearly long-term, well continue to look for the 50% to 52%. And as we have done in the past, when we get in these kind of favorable situations, we're able to be at the high end or slightly above that long-term model. But we still think for the long-term that's the right range to model us at. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Alex Gauna of UBS. 
Q - Alex Gauna - UBS: First off, I'm noticing that your revenue guidance is a very tight range in a relatively uncertain environment. I'm kind of curious, what is it that giving you the confidence to be guiding such a tight range? And then secondarily, also noticing how nicely controlled your inventory is. And maybe you can give us a little more color on what Broadcom does so well that allows them to move through these downturns with such grace, while others kind of fall apart as they hit the downturn walls? 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: Sure. I think from a revenue point of view, as most people know, as we go into a quarter, we generally have 80% to 90% on backlog. And so that gives us good visibility into a quarter. The other things that we do that helps us is we have a small amount, relatively 13% in Q4, that goes through distribution. And so again, that gives us good visibility into really what our end customers need and want. And so because of that, I think we feel comfortable from the revenue guidance point of view. I think as you know, we generally come in relatively close and we certainly make sure that we're prudent and we incorporated all the risk into that, so that we at least hit the guidance that we've given. Concerning inventory, for many of the same reasons that we're able to have the good visibility into revenue, it helps us manage inventory as well. And that's staying very close contact with our customers. We obviously always focus on large customers. And we're able to work with them, understand their forecast. In many cases, this allows us to work with the end customer and understand if the supply chain is building up too much or too little. And so that allows us to closely match kind of our build plan with what our customers actually need. And so going forward, we watch that very closely. And I think that's a huge benefit for Broadcom is that that kind of close coupling with our customers. It helps us from a revenue forecast, it helps us from an inventory management point of view. 
A - Scott McGregor: Alex, one other perspective on that. I think as a fabless Company, we have an advantage because when we see some softening up we just cut wafer starts right there. Whereas I think if you own your own fabs you're more likely to have some optimism that this must be a short lived phenomenon because you're going to pay the wages for all the people who work in the fabs anyway. And so, you're more likely to run the fabs and hope things pick up, rather than take the hit on your cost of goods for unloading your fabs. I think that's a factor too, fab versus fabless. 
Q - Alex Gauna - UBS: Can you comment, you mentioned the backlog in the distribution here. Is that on an improving trend here as we've moved into the new year or is it just stable to no change, similarly with distribution? 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: Well, as a percentage of total sales, Alex our sales to the distribution channel remained constant Q to Q at right around 13% of sales. 
Q - Alex Gauna - UBS: I'm asking for color on how they're acting now in the new year? We're relatively deeply into it for you guys. Usually, you report much earlier. 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: I don't think there is any new information out there. 
Q - Alex Gauna - UBS: Scott, if I could ask you, you made some comments on the cable set-top boxes and we've seen some pretty healthy numbers from your customers. And also, we've heard some pretty robust capex increases from the carriers. I'm surprised you're not being a little bit more upbeat on that category. Does that have the ability to upside on the positive side or are there share issues or again, mix issues that are keeping you a little bit more sedate on that front? 
A - Scott McGregor: I think the positive things you heard from our customers were generally for parts they already purchased. Now, if they continue to have positive numbers, then of course that would weigh positively on our behalf. The capex increases we're seeing on behalf of a lot of these MSO's and so forth is a good trend and if that continues and others have that we could see some pick up from that. 
Q - Alex Gauna - UBS: And Cisco mentioned on their conference call the effect of, I believe, cable card they were referring to here middle of this year. How should we think about that potentially impacting Broadcom and how are you planning to manage through that? 
A - Scott McGregor: I don't think there's a whole lot of impact to us for cable cards. It's a relatively inexpensive part on that cable card that sells for $50. It's not a lot of silicone behind that. I wouldn't see that as a dramatic effect on our business. 
Q - Alex Gauna - UBS: In terms of the channel? Is it going to be building up inventory for that or do you see no real change? 
A - Scott McGregor: I think there may be some strategies from some of the MSO's in terms of balancing the different boxes they have, in terms of what's wavered and what's not and other things. But I think that probably would be kind of difficult to model. I think you're better off just looking at that on a fairly simplistic basis driven by capex cycles at the MSO's. 
Q - Alex Gauna - UBS: I was surprised by the VDSL client side strength. Are you able to comment on which service providers or which geographies are taking those solutions and also what your prospects are on the CO side? 
A - Scott McGregor: I can't comment specifically on the customers and if I told you the geographies you might figure out the customers. Let's just say they're big ones, though, Alex. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Srini Pajjuri of Merrill Lynch. 
Q - Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Two questions. The first one is on the Gig-E controller business. You said that's been weak and it's going to decline again this quarter. I'm wondering, the growth in that market, is that purely a function of 10 gig taking off at this point or do you see any other growth drivers? 
A - Scott McGregor: Srini, I think that you might have misheard us. We said that the controller market is declining but gig Ethernet switches and so forth is increasing, actually. 
Q - Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Absolutely, that's my question. On the controller side, the decline, will 10 gig be the primary growth driver going forward or do you see any other drivers out there? 
A - Scott McGregor: I think it's a little early for the 10 gig. I think you'll see gig as the primarily driver for that for a while. For us, it was a bit of a mix shift issue. Again, moving more from some of the high end enterprise, moving more into the consumer, which we get a lower ASP on. 
Q - Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: And then more of a longer term question. On the EDGE RF that you just announced, if I look at your portfolio, your focus is clearly shifting to 3G and you had some success in EDGE and now you're announcing RF. I'm trying to understand what your strategy is in in announcing an EDGE RF product this late in the ball game? 
A - Scott McGregor: That's a good question. One of the things we said is that we would focus primarily on 3G unless there were EDGE opportunities at large customers. Meaning, top five headset customers. So that EDGE radio is targeted for top five cellular handset customers. 
Q - Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: And when do you expect to see revenues from this product? 
A - Scott McGregor: Yes, early to say. It takes a while for them to build that in. Normal handset development cycle is anywhere from nine to 18 months. 
Operator: And David Wu of Global Crown Capital has our next question. 
Q - David Wu - Global Crown Capital: I was curious about one thing, on the cost side, the last time we have situation like this where the foundries are full, you had very, very good contracts available. And I was wondering whether I should assume that this is the same situation today? As you switch to mostly 65 nanometer wafer tape-outs, how many foundries would you be using? And would that affect your cost in terms of negotiating for those kind of class products in terms of either prices or per die costs? 
A - Scott McGregor: On the 65 nanometer cost question, we're going to follow the same strategy that we have done for every other process technology and that is that we will multi source this across the various foundries. That process is going along very well. We do have multiple fabs that are either qualified or in the process of being qualified for 65 nanometer. We do expect that we will be able to achieve the similar pricing compared to the rest of the industry for 65 nanometer as we had for older technologies. Concerning your first question about going into an environment like this, certainly with our low inventory levels, one of the advantages is that we're able to take advantage of the favorable pricing in kind of very immediate wafer purchases. We do expect that we will see that benefit, as the guidance we gave, increasing gross margin in Q1. 
Q - David Wu - Global Crown Capital:  t   Can you lock in those costs for the rest of this year or it goes quarter to quarter? 
A - Scott McGregor: We generally don't lock into long-term supply commitments with our foundry partners. 
Operator: Gary Mobley of A. G. Edwards has our next question. 
Q - Gary Mobley - A. G. Edwards & Sons: I was hoping you could share with us trends in your wireless LAN business both for Q4, as well as your Q1 outlook. 
A - Scott McGregor: So wireless LAN, we did see a pickup in Q4. We do see growth in there, again driven by the seasonality there. Wireless LAN and Bluetooth tend to be seasonal products, so those are things you would expect of to see a slight seasonal decline in Q1 and that's partly reflected in our overall guidance. 
Q - Gary Mobley - A. G. Edwards & Sons: As 2007 shapes up, how would you expect your market share in 11n to trend now that Intel is shipping on a motherboard? 
A - Scott McGregor: Well, given we have a new competitor coming into the market, they're obviously going do get some share. What we think, though, is that the overall market will grow faster than any share declines that Intel might create. Intel primarily plays in the PC space. We don't really see them in the retail space or imbedded space or many of the other product areas. But we do hold our own in the PC space very well, as we have in G for many years. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Edelstone of Morgan Stanley. 
Q - Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Obviously, you've got a lot of moving parts here as you go through 2007. But from your comments, it certainly sounds like you've got a lot of growth drivers and business in the process of bottoming. Can you just kind of give us a sense as to what the trajectory of growth looks like? As you go through 2007, I'm assuming that growth comes back in Q2. But maybe just what you think the shape of that growth might look like and if you want maybe compare it to how you came out of the last industry correction that we saw towards the end of 2004 going into the growth phase of 2005? 
A - Scott McGregor: Well, it's a little hard to model that. Mark, I don't really think we even have great visibility on that. I think the thing that is an exciting driver for us is just the number of 65 nanometer products that are going to be coming out. You've seen a few of them already. But there is going to be a pretty steady drum beat of 65 nanometer parts taping-out. And as those start getting integrated into customer products, I think that's going to be major driver of our growth over the next 18 to 24 months. I think some of it will also have to do with industry pickup as well. Probably a little harder to model that. I leave it to experts like you guys to take a shot at that. 
Q - Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Fair enough. And then you mentioned on cellular that revenues this year are fairly flattish. And this is really a year for design wins with growth really happening in 2008, '09. Any change to your expectations, I think, you've set for the end of the decade in terms of what kind of share you expected to have there? 
A - Scott McGregor: I've stated before that we're looking for 10% to 15% market share in the base band by 2009. I think that's still a very achievable goal for us. One of the things I'd observe is that for those of you who just think of it in terms of a base band market, I think you need to think of it as a cell phone chip market by 2009 going forward and not necessarily discrete base bands. And that's really where Broadcom has an advantage. You saw us just announce a 65 nanometer radio. And you've seen us announce a number of other pieces. And going forward, I think we've got the ability to pull all that together. 
Q - Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: And then just lastly, for Bruce. Bruce, if you look at your opex increase in Q1 over Q4 on a non-GAAP basis, can you give us a dollar figure for the type of sequential growth you're expecting there? 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: We haven't provided that level of guidance, Mark. We said we were up $30 million in Q4 and we said we would be up in Q1 but not at that same level. We do expect, as we indicated, that there will be continuing investments in new products, continued investments in 65 nanometer. And then kind of the finishing off of the investments as we move into our new campus at the end of Q1. 
Q - Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Maybe to just look at it a different way then, you're sort of below here in Q4 on a non-GAAP basis, you're below the Company's stated operating margin objectives. When do you think you can get back to your operating margin targets? 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: I don't think we can go out there and peg a target in terms of what quarter we get there. I think one of the key things is, though, if you look at Broadcom over time, we have proven time and time again that when we're below it, we have the ability to get back into it. And we believe we can get back there at some point in time. We just can't call out which quarter it's going to be exactly. 
A - Scott McGregor: Mark, if you look at the model, the R&D is the high number right now. And that's primarily where the gap is coming from. And that R&D is being invested again in 65 nanometer parts and just really putting out a whole new range of parts that you're going to see. And again, that will take care of itself as we start getting revenue from those parts and we'll pick up and cover that percentage R&D cost, which will flow through to the operating margin. 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: Our history is clearly that whenever we've had a spike in our R&D as a percent of revenue, it's because we were investing in design win opportunities. And we have historically always converted that into revenue growth going forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Seogju Lee of Goldman Sachs. 
Q - Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Just in terms of the operating expense targets, you've talked about in the past how you're changing your compensation structure, moving away toward less options within that compensation structure. As you shift that, do we need to review the total sort of operation expense targets in the model or just how do you think about that would be very helpful, thanks? 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: No, we've been doing this over the last couple years already, increasing our cash compensation expense while moderating on the options and the RSU's. That's already kind of baked into our numbers. There's no step function going forward on that. We do have our normal focal process or salary review process that occurs in Q2 of the year, which does generally result in an increase in Q2. 
A - Scott McGregor: But Seogju, remember on a long-term basis, our goal is to keep total dilution down in the very low single range. 
Q - Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: On the options dilution? 
A - Scott McGregor: On the options dilution, correct. 
Q - Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: And then just lastly, Scott, in terms of the litigation with Qualcomm, just if we could get an update there that would be very helpful? And good luck. Thanks. 
A - Scott McGregor: On the Qualcomm litigation, we were very pleased. We had a ruling the other week where they had accused of us of patent infringement for some H264 patents. And we were pleased with the jury result. The jury found not only did we not infringe but there was some question about whether Qualcomm had misused the patent process, which would make the patents unenforceable. And also, whether they hid information and that they didn't play fairly with the standards organizations. And I believe that motion on that will be heard by the judge this Friday, so we expect to see a binding result on that. It was a jury recommendation and we expect to see the judge's ruling on that Friday. So we're looking forward to that. We also see a number of other trials coming up. Again, there are many trials here and we believe that we are well-positioned. We have a lot of very solid patents that we believe Qualcomm infringes. And I get back to the two issues we have here. Number one, is we want to be fairly compensated for our IP. And number two, we want a level playing field in the cellular business. Those are our two objectives and we're going to hold out for those. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Benjamin of Jeffries & Company. 
Q - Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Scott, you talked about several drivers for the rest of this year. I'm curious if you can talk a little bit, as all of us kind of model many buckets of Broadcom, if you can kind of take a look at where your business is today? And kind of give us some insight maybe from a year from now, are there any particular buckets that will be of material revenue a year from now that we're not really looking at today? Or are we really looking at 2007 as kind of the transition year and we'd expect some of those new line items to materially contribute in 2008? And then I just have a follow-up on that. 
A - Scott McGregor: The four that I named before, DTV, Bluetooth, wireless LAN and network are the ones that would be our best picks for the growth drivers in 2007. We've sometimes have been surprised that some come out and deliver much better than we would expect. So we could do well in other areas. I would guess ones that are going to show up more in 2008 or beyond, certainly cellular. That's one that isn't something in 2007 but we've made a very large investment in there and we've got some absolutely stunning technology. And we believe that is going to deliver good results as we go into the latter years. Another one that I think could be exciting is this HD DVD Blu-Ray. The players are pretty expensive right now. They've over $1,000. But I think this universal player model is going to be a real winner. We've seen, definitely, a lot of skepticism when LG first announced that. And then when it won the Best of Show award at CES. And we had a number of analysts start pointing out that if you're a consumer you don't want to own the next obsolete technology box. And so, having a universal player is sort of a no-brainer from the consumer point of view. You just don't have to pick which one the winner is going to be or which movies you want to watch that come out in which format. I believe right now there's a scramble going on among a lot of the consumer companies to quickly get universal boxes to market. And we believe we're the only solution out there right now that really does a good job at that. So that plays in our favor. As those prices come down, as they get the laser prices down, the transports are very expensive in those boxes and really drive a lot of the cost. And with our low cost solutions for universal players, we think that that will drive the price to a point where the market can really pick up. So I don't know whether that's the very end of 2007 or whether it's not until the holiday season in 2008. But somewhere between those two points I would expect to see a decent pick up in that market. Those are two that I would suggest as interesting drivers in 2008 that aren't really showing up in our numbers in 2007. 
Q - Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co: And then just a follow-up. Historically, you guys have shied away from doing a public acquisition. You're now at a roughly $4 billion annualized run rate here. It's getting a lot harder to grow at 20% plus on a YoverY basis. And given the fact that you've been relatively quiet on the M&A front and your history, as I said, has historically been of the private side. I'm just curious if you would think about changing that strategy going forward and would contemplate, given the right scenario and given the right fit, would contemplate a public acquisition if it provided you significant revenue opportunity that could move the dial for you? 
A - Scott McGregor: I think the distinction is not whether it's public or private but rather whether it's sort of near revenue technology versus more mature businesses. And we believe very strongly that, as a growth Company, we want to get into technologies on the early side. And so we do target companies that are really at that just about to get revenue or in early revenue stages and that tends to be private companies. If we found a public Company, though, that had those attributes we wouldn't be concern about it at all. What we do shy away from is buying companies that are at the mature phase and not particularly growing. We've seen some of our competitors purchasing revenue. We don't think that makes sense. You won't see us buy companies to purchase revenue. You won't see us buy big public companies that will disrupt the Broadcom culture of execution and really getting the high technology out the door. We don't want to disrupt the cultural model and we want to continue on the growth path and we think that's our responsibility for shareholders. 
Operator: Shaw Wu of American Technology Research has our next question. 
Q - Shaw Wu - American Technology Research: Thanks. Just two quick questions. One, is on the your inventory levels. They seem to be very low, down two quarters in a row. Should we expect that to trend up in future quarters? And then second, on your margin model, your gross margin is at the upper end of your kind of long-term gross margin model. Do you think these levels are sustainable? You commented that you expect that to go up sequentially. Is the 52% and higher sustainable? 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: On your first question, on the inventory, we are at 8.8 turns in Q4. Generally, we target to be in the 7 to 8 turns category so we do expect the 8.8 to sort of trend down. And so as our business continues to grow, the inventory level will grow. We think for Q4 the kind of the decline in the turns offset by the decline in the revenue inventory should be relatively flat to maybe just slightly up. On the question on the gross margin, as we have said before, we target 50% to 52%. When we're in periods where we're able to achieve favorable pricing, we have gone over that 52%. And to be clear, to the extent when we can, we will always maximize our gross margin. If we can achieve over 52% we absolutely will and we've done that in prior periods. We do believe that long-term, as we look at our business and kind of the mix of business that's we're in, that 50% to 52% seems to be the right long-term model for us to use. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Arnab Chanda of Lehman Brothers. 
Q - Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers: Not to keep beating a dead horse here, but another question on the gross margin side. It seems like we are towards the bottom side of the semiconductor industry and your gross margin is already higher than your historical range and you talk pretty optimistically about the mix of 65 nanometer. Would it not be fair to say that you should be able to go somewhat higher than your long-term range? Long-term, we may be all dead, I'm thinking about maybe 2007. Tell me where I'm wrong here. Thank you. 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: Again, our visibility going out, even out past Q1, as you know in this industry it can change and so I think we are comfortable that we did give guidance up in Q1. As you know, when you talk about 65 nanometer, when products initially come out you're usually going for time to market. And so initially from a product life cycle you have usually lower margins on that. And then once you start hitting volumes and you do the cost optimized chip, then you start seeing improved margins. And that's the model that we see on all of our chips and I think it's going to be the same on 65 nanometer. 
A - Scott McGregor: But Arnab, we aren't going to artificially hold our margin down if it wants to go up. 
Q - Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers: A couple more product questions, if I could. First of all, you have obviously been very successful in the wireless LAN in kind of PC retail side. Been not really there much in embedded side, maybe excluding the game console, maybe excluding Wii, etc. When should we expect revenues from that side or does it have to integrate the productivity launch? Could you talk a little bit about what is going on there? 
A - Scott McGregor: I think the reason we weren't as present in the embedded space is that we, as you said, have focused on the other spaces. The embedded space cares particularly about power consumption. What we've done recently is really focused on power consumption. We've got a great line up of products there. And if you look at some of the specs on the 4325 we just announced, that's the combo product with Bluetooth and FM that is a killer product. I think the competitors are going to have a real hard time competing with that in the embedded space. And that in particular would target not only cellular handsets but also other products. And we do already have a significant design win for that product just on the basis of how strong the performance of that is. 
Q - Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers: One question about your cable and satellite businesses. One of the bigger drivers historically had been ASP expansion because of moving to sort of MEG4 or PVR or voice-over-IP. Are we starting to get to a point where we will grow more in line with the unit growth of those boxes or does that continue for a while? 
A - Scott McGregor: I think that continues for a very long time. Our strategy has always been to integrate additional functionality in other components. If you open up a set-top box, any chips that aren't already part of our solution we would look to integrate, whether that's tuners, whether that's additional media functionality or other things. We would look to put in. And then also as time goes on, people do want additional functionality. For example, set-top boxes of the future are likely to be communicating whether they have wireless LAN or whether they have other kinds of connectivity technology. Those would be obvious things to put in going forward. And it's a long list. So I believe the basic model works of continued to add additional functionality and integrate it into the chip. 
Q - Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers: Last question about a couple of your laggards. Don't want to forget any of them, since you love all your products. Are we going to start to see growth in the ServerWorks business on the one side? And base band, which seems like it's kind of hit a pretty low level in Q3, when can we see those businesses, those two, obviously, totally unrelated businesses coming back to sequential growth? 
A - Scott McGregor: Well, ServerWorks, of course, our server products, those have seen some sequential growth as we saw AMD pick up. We got sort of hammered when Intel made the front side BUS proprietary and so that took us out of that business. But we did then see it come back up. I don't think the server chipset business is going to be a strong growth driver for us going forward. It's a good solid business but it's not something that's going to deliver a huge amount of revenue. Good revenue nonetheless. I think the base band side, as we said, I think you should model this year fast but at some point in 2008 and certainly in 2009, we expect dramatic growth in that space reflecting the products we're fielding today. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Allan Mishan of CIBC World Markets. 
Q - Allan Mishan - CIBC World Markets: You made a couple of comments on DTV. Was it up this quarter? And the same question for the satellite business. 
A - Scott McGregor: DTV was down in Q4. DTV normally has a seasonal peak in Q3. We did expect it to actually go a bit in Q4. That was surprising to us but it happened to do with the fact that some of the older products we had phased out a little sooner and the new Tier 1 customer got their products to market a little later than we thought. That was the transition issue there. We do expect DTV to grow going forward, though. So no long-term issues in that space. 
Q - Allan Mishan - CIBC World Markets: What about satellite? 
A - Scott McGregor: Satellite was down in Q4. No particular trend. Normally, that's a counter-seasonal product line, in that the capital cycles from the satellite operators and in the cable space as well, the MSO's, tend to be in the first half of the year when the capex gets approved and then they buy the additional boxes. That's why you typically see first half strength from there so that the reverse seasonality we see from some of the wireless products. 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: And that is the trend we expect to happen in 2007. 
Q - Allan Mishan - CIBC World Markets: Okay, great. And then, for Bruce, what's the share count you're expecting for Q1? 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: In Q4 we were right around 605 million. If you can predict the share price, we will help you on that. Given our share repurchase plan, we expect that to be relatively flat throughout the year. 
Q - Allan Mishan - CIBC World Markets: Okay. Great. And then the last question is one of your competitors announced a win with your key cable set-top customer, some next generation box. What do you guys think about that? And then also, have you got any traction in China on the cable business and what do you think about that? 
A - Scott McGregor: Well, that competitor has announced wins before that haven't materialized. Generally, I think you need to wait and see. We feel good about our position our major customers. We have very strong products. And so, we don't see any major disruptions in our business regardless. In the China space, we haven't spent as much energy there but clearly that's a growth opportunity for us going forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Edwin Mok of Needham. 
Q - Edwin Mok - Needham & Company: I've got a question on the DSL. You mentioned that DSL you expect to be up. How much of that is expected from the VDSL space? And also going forward, you think that your VDSL will eventually reach your DSL market share target. What kind of time line are you looking at for you to reach that goal? 
A - Scott McGregor: I think it depends really on how rapidly the VDSL market develops. But that's not a 2007 phenomenon. I think VDSL is going to come into its own 2008 and beyond. 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: Yes, VDSL is very, very small today. 
Q - Edwin Mok - Needham & Company: Thanks for covering that. And then about 802.11n and you mentioned that you expect the 802.11n will be growth driver and will grow in 2007. In terms of linearity and throughout the year, do you expect it to be more back end weighted or do you expect it to become more linear for the year? 
A - Scott McGregor: Absolutely, I would expect 802.11n to be back end loaded because the attach rate, the NPC's and things like that is going up over the course of the year. Yes, absolutely that will be back end loaded for that reason and also for seasonality. 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: The BlackBerry is kicking in. But also, don't forget we'll have two other things driving it. Number one, is we'll have draft 2.0 starting to come into its own very shortly, as well as we'll have the Wi-Fi Alliance starting to certify products that are draft n compliant right around the June time frame. There's a whole lot of things that could provide a lot of momentum for 802.11n in 2007. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Berger of Wedbush Morgan Securities. 
Q - Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. With respect to the digital TV business, I know it's early for the 2008 design cycle still but what are your thoughts on your progress for some of the 2008 wins? 
A - Scott McGregor: Well, I think certainly the 1080 chip we announced is going to generate revenue in 2008. Earliest revenue from that could be 2007. That will be wins over the course of this year generating revenue in 2008. My guess is that some of the 2008 design wins we get are going to be with chips we haven't announced yet, so stay tuned. 
Q - Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan Securities: And how long does it take to start driving some revenues on that 65 nanometer transceiver you guys announced. 
A - Scott McGregor: You mean in the cellular space? 
Q - Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Right. 
A - Scott McGregor: The cell phone cycle generally is nine to 18 months. And so, from the time they start the design to when it actually generates revenue tends to run in that range. 
Q - Craig Berger - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Last question. On the share buy back, what's your strategy there or how do you think about that? Any color you can provide. 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: So really, we have two objectives with our share repurchase program. One, is to manage dilution. And the second one, is really just kind of return of capital to shareholders. In the past, we have targeted about 5% to 6% from a gross dilution point of view. And we usually try to target 2% to 3% from a share repurchase plan. This year, depending on where the purchase price ends up being, we should probably actually be able to buy back about 5% on that. And so we were out of the market in our repurchase for the second half of 2006 due to the issues around our restatement. So clearly, what we're looking for is to have kind of a net dilution in the low single digits, 3% or less. In some years we may be able to do better than that. And hopefully in 2007, it will be a year we'll be able to come in at the very low end of that. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Satya Chillara of Pacific Growth Equities. 
Q - Satya Chillara - Pacific Growth Equities: Scott, you talked about four growth drivers, DTV, 802.11n, Bluetooth and network switching. Is there any way you can put some quantification in terms of what kind of growth rates are we talking about for this year? 
A - Scott McGregor: No, not really. I wish we had a crystal ball and knew exactly what these would do. But we believe those are the best candidates. There could be other candidates that we haven't announced that could be in the top four. But we do expect those to be certainly leading the pack. 
Q - Satya Chillara - Pacific Growth Equities: Okay. In terms of the 65 nanometer tape-out, you talked in the cell phone space, about how many of the tape-outs will be in the cell phone space in terms of where you're expecting revenue and all that stuff of 2008 and 2009? What's the focus on cell phone, what kind of tape-outs are we talking about? 
A - Scott McGregor: I'm sorry, I can't give you that information. But we do expect 65 nanometer tape-outs across all of our businesses. 
A - Peter Andrew: And if you just go back to a couple of press releases, you can see the first part we actually did was in Dan Marotta's broadband communications group. And then the last couple have been in the mobile and wireless category. You will see 65 nanometer throughout our entire Company. 
A - Bruce Kiddoo: We indicated in our prepared remarks that by Q4 2007, over 90% of our tape-outs will be in 65 nanometer. Just as an indication that that is the direction the Company is going to across the board. 
A - Scott McGregor: We made a decision about 1.5 year ago to basically cut over the 65 nanometers. We mostly skipped 90 nanometer, except for a few specialty products. And we put the whole Company R&D behind it and made it happen. And now, you're going to see all these products roll out with all our libraries and everything running in 65 nanometer. I'm pleased to report that we're seeing our parts come back and they work on first silicon, which is really great. For example, that radio chip that we just announced, a brand new radio, 65 nanometer works first time in 65 nanometer. It shows I think the strength of the execution of the engineering team we have and a lot of the tools we used to create these products. 
Q - Satya Chillara - Pacific Growth Equities: Okay. And the last question from my side, Scott, what are your thoughts on the GPS space and is there any strategy there? 
A - Scott McGregor: GPS is clearly becoming an important technology for mobile devices. And with our strategy of integrating all of those different things and including those technologies, we'll definitely make sure we play in that space. We haven't made any specific announcements beyond that, so stay tuned. 
Operator: And our last question comes from Shebly of Caris and Company. 
Q - Shebly Seyrafi - Caris & Company: Thank you very much. In what product categories are you sensing that the inventory levels at your customers are higher than you would like? 
A - Scott McGregor: We didn't specify too many of those. I'd say controller is one area in the PC space where we see some inventory issues remaining. But in general, we see a trend of resolving the inventory issues that we've seen in previous quarters. And DSL and switching are two we gave as an example there. 
Q - Shebly Seyrafi - Caris & Company: You also indicated that in satellite set-top box segment that's going to grow, I believe, in Q1 from being down in Q4. What about for cable, satellite and IP set-top box combined, do you expect that segment to grow Q on Q? 
A - Scott McGregor: Generally, the cable and satellite markets grow in the first half of the year. Again, because that's when the capital cycles are approved. So as a general phenomenon, yes, that's true. It's a counter-seasonal business. 
Q - Shebly Seyrafi - Caris & Company: Also, as you enter the mono headset market, what percentage of your Bluetooth business do you anticipate being non handset by the end of 2007? 
A - Scott McGregor: We don't break that out. But handset will certainly be the majority of our business in 2007. 
Q - Shebly Seyrafi - Caris & Company: One more, if I can. Your 11n, what percentage of your wireless LAN is 11n now and what do you anticipate that to be by the end of the year? 
A - Scott McGregor: Well, it will be more by the end of the year. I don't have a specific number for you sorry. Thank you very much. I appreciate everybody for joining the call. We're really excited about a lot of the 65 nanometer parts that are taping-out. And we think you're going to see quite a number of announcements over the next few quarters as those roll out. Please join us. I think it's going to be an exciting year and looking forward to seeing some of you folks also next week in Barcelona at 3GSM. Thanks for joining us today, bye. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-20 16:45:00) =====
Executives: Peter Andrew  IR Scott A. McGregor - CEO Bruce E. Kiddoo  CFO
Analysts: Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley Shebly Seyrafi - Caris Alex Gauna - UBS Bill Lewis - JP Morgan Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest David Wu - Global Crown Capital Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch Charlie Glavin - Needham Shaw Wu - American Technology Research 
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Broadcom third quarter results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session.  Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I will now turn the call over to Mr. Peter Andrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Andrew, you may begin.
Peter Andrew: Thank you very much, and good afternoon, everyone. During this call, we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on anticipated revenue for the fourth quarter of 2006, financial information for earning periods, and statements about prospects for our various businesses and the development status and planned availability of new products.  It should be clearly understood that our actual results may differ substantially from the forward-looking statements we make today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results are discussed in the risk factors section of our 2005 Form 10-K and subsequent 10-Qs and 8-Ks, and in our other SEC filings. A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of today's press release.  As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement for any reason. On July 14th and September 8th, we provided preliminary reports on the voluntary review of our equity award practices. As we announced previously, as a result of that review, we had to limit the scope of the financial information that we released today. In addition, on this call we will not be able to provide any specifics about our gross margin or operating expenses for the third quarter or year-to-date because we cannot determine those amounts in accordance with GAAP until we have completed our ongoing review, and the expected restatements of our historical financial statements. In today's call, we will provide you some information and guidance about the general trends for these metrics, but cannot provide any greater detail than what we state on the call.  We will, of course, make every effort to provide you with more detailed information as soon as we can, which will be when we have completed all of our required SEC filings and amendments. You should note, however, that this will likely take a number of weeks to accomplish. Because of the pending restatement of our financial statements, all financial numbers for the third quarter discussed on this call are not final and should be considered estimates.  In addition, any guidance we provide for the fourth quarter of 2006 does not take into account the effects of the pending restatement, which we believe will result in significant adjustments to our results of operations on a GAAP basis, but will not have any material effect on our non-GAAP results. To the extent we discuss any non-GAAP measures, please refer to the 8-K we have filed with the SEC on April 20, 2006, that contains additional information regarding why Broadcom believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some limitations associated with the use of these measures. With that, let me turn the call over to Scott.
Scott A. McGregor: Thank you, Peter. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I am sure everyone has seen our press release by now and, as we noted in our prior quarter conference call, we are a bit limited in terms of financial metrics that we are able to report.  What we are able to disclose at this time is our revenue and some limited balance sheet items. Revenue came in at $902.6 million, which is above our guideline of $900 million, and represented a decline of 4.1% quarter to quarter, but growth of nearly 30% year over year.  The decline in Q3 revenue versus Q2 was primarily driven by our enterprise networking and mobile and wireless end markets, while the broadband communications end market was up slightly on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We had another strong quarter of cash generation, as total cash, cash equivalents, short- and long-term marketable securities came in at just over $2.55 billion, which represented net growth of over $177 million quarter to quarter. As for inventory, we said we would decrease our inventory in Q3 back to Q1 levels, and we did. Inventory decreased by over $54 million to $223.5 million, which is below our Q1 inventory level. The ability to adjust inventory quickly illustrates the strength of our fabulous business model and our ability to shift production quickly as demand changes. Now I will turn the call over to Bruce Kiddoo, our Acting Chief Financial Officer, to talk about Q3, and give guidance for Q4.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Thanks, Scott. Before I discuss the financials, with respect to our equity award review, we have nothing new to report on our analysis today, but we continue to make good progress. We are making every effort to complete our analysis and file our restated financial statements as soon as possible after the completion of our review. With that in mind, we are very limited in what we can say while our equity review process is ongoing.  Knowing that, I will give a financial overview of revenue, gross margin and operating expenses, and then provide as much color as I can. Overall, Q3 came right in line with our guidance. Revenue of $902.6 million was down $39 million, or 4.1% from Q2. Revenue was up more than $207 million, or 30%, from Q3 2005.  Non-GAAP gross margin was down from last quarter, and within our long-term model of 50% to 52%, consistent with our guidance.  Total non-GAAP operating expenses increased by less than a third of the rate of increase in Q2, again consistent with our guidance. Our cash and marketable securities on-hand increased by $177 million for the quarter, leaving us with a balance of $2.55 billion.  Inventory for the quarter decreased by over $54 million to $223.5 million, which is below our Q1 inventory level. Going into more detail on revenue and gross margin, in our July call, we said that we expected Q3 revenue would be approximately $900 million, and that three principle lines of businesses would be the major contributors to the expected temporary decline in Q3, and they were: In addition to the above three businesses mentioned in our July call, our wireless LAN business declined in Q3. This decline was driven by different items, depending on the technology: These issues were partially offset by the initial ramp of our wireless LAN solutions into the Nintendo Wii platform, which uses both our Bluetooth and wireless LAN solutions. Offsetting these sequential declines in Q3 were increases in areas such as: In terms of revenue distribution for Q3, broadband communications accounted for approximately 40% of total revenue, mobile and wireless for 28%, and enterprise networking for 32%.  In Q3, we once again had two customers, each of whom accounted for 10% or more of our revenue -- Motorola and Cisco. As we guided to in July, our gross margin fell back into our long-term targeted gross margin range of 50% to 52% in the third quarter. This decline was mainly due to our inventory buildup in Q2, resulting in Q3 shipments at Q2 foundry prices, and due to product mix and product transition issues. Looking at operating expenses, consistent with our guidance, total non-GAAP operating expenses were up only slightly from last quarter, as we remain conscious of our long-term profitability model.  We increased our total company headcount from Q2 by only 185 -- the lowest level of increase in over a year -- to worldwide total of 5,039 employees. Importantly, engineers comprised approximately 72% of this total headcount. This percentage has increased from approximately 67% two years ago.  Our annualized revenue per employee was $716,000, down from $776,000 in the previous quarter, but up from $695,000 reported in 2005. Moving on to the balance sheet, we continue to generate strong positive cash flow, increasing total cash and marketable securities by $177 million, to an all-time high of $2.55 billion. The positive cash flow was generated primarily from operations, as proceeds from employee stock option exercises were negligible. As we stated in July, our goal was to bring our inventory levels down by approximately $50 million, and we were able to bring them down just over $54 million to $223.5 million, which is more than the amount of increase in Q2. As demonstrated in prior periods, we were once again able to quickly identify pockets of excess inventories and take immediate corrective action.  Our accounts receivable day sales outstanding, or DSOs, increased from 39 days to 43. Our linearity of shipments was still quite good, shipping 33% of the quarter in the third month. Compared to Q2, we had a higher percentage shipped in the second month than we did in the first. Looking at expectations for Q4, in July we indicated the decline in Q3 was temporary, and that we expected Q4 revenue to be higher than Q3, and even higher than what we reported for Q2. We still expect to see an increase in Q4 over Q3, but not as high as we had previously predicted. Specifically for Q4, we expect revenue to be slightly up, to up approximately 1% above Q3. The main reasons for the difference from our prior expectations for Q4 revenue are: Looking at what we expect to happen in Q4 versus Q3, in Q4, we expect revenue growth to be led by our mobile and wireless group. We expect growth in almost all major businesses, including cellular, driven by growth in both 2G and 3G phones, and Bluetooth and wireless LAN, due to ramp of the Nintendo Wii. Other areas of expected growth include digital TV, as existing tier-one accounts continue to ramp and new accounts begin their ramp.  In satellite set-top boxes, where we expect to see an increase in our satellite business offset by a temporary decline in our cable set-top business, as a major customer purposely built up inventory in Q3 due to a manufacturing transition. For gross margin, we have consistently stated that our long-term model is to be in the range of 50% to 52% on a non-GAAP basis, and reported Q3 was within this range. We have begun to see the supply chain capacity opening up, resulting in a more favorable pricing environment. We expect Q4 gross margin to be above Q3, but still within our long-term model. For Q4, we do expect to see operating expense continue to increase, primarily due to increased mass tooling costs related to 65-nanometer products, critical to our revenue growth and gross margin in 2007 and later years.  We are also investing aggressively in new product areas that have the potential to drive our revenue in 2007 and beyond. To put this level of investment into perspective, approximately 30% of our research and development spending is in markets from which we generate little to no revenue today. However, we remain very conscious of our long-term profitability models and we will take whatever steps we reasonably can to assure we operate within that model, while continuing to fund our growth opportunities. Cash flow from operations for Q4 is expected to remain strong.  Finally, as a reminder, our guidance for the fourth quarter of 2006 does not take into account the effects of the pending restatements, which we believe will result in significant adjustments to our results of operations on a GAAP basis, but will not have a material effect on our non-GAAP results. Now, I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk about the state of the business.
Scott A. McGregor: Thanks, Bruce. At a high level, I would like to start off by observing that Broadcom is well positioned to lead the communications and convergence wave, due to our broad and diverse product offering that covers a large number of large and growing end-markets.  We have over 20 lines of business focused on three separate end-markets, that we classify as broadband, mobile and wireless, and enterprise networking. Another way to look at it is do Broadcom solutions touch an individual at home, work and while mobile? These lines of business change from time to time, but none represented over 13% of revenue in Q3, and only three are about 10% because of sales, which is a testament to the diversity of our revenue stream, and in fact, we are not being driven by any single end-market product technology or customer. For our 20-plus lines of business, we saw a TAM opportunity of approximately $64 billion in 2005. Looking out to 2008, we see this growing to $95 billion.  Our served addressable market, or SAM, is a more accurate view of our opportunity, and it is expected to grow from $24 billion in 2005, with a 40% compound annual growth rate, to $67 billion by 2008.  The key take-away here is that there are large and fast growing opportunities ahead of us. Moving on to our product lines, our broadband communications was up slightly in Q3, with all but one of our businesses achieving sequential growth.  In DSL, while we see inventory and product transitions at specific end customers, the overall DSL market demand and our market share remains strong year over year, and relative to an outstanding first-half of 2006. We have previously been under pressure to keep up with supply in the DSL space over the last few quarters, as we have been successful in capturing a number of design wins, that have since driven us to the number one position in this market. It is clearly a positive. As we signaled in Q2, we believe that we have more than fulfilled those shortages, leading to an excess inventory situation and therefore, a decline in our Q3 DSL revenue. We now see DSL revenue being down slightly into Q4, and then growing again in 2007.  Overall, we expect to finish 2006 with more than 100% unit growth in DSL, and market share greater than 40%.  Our funnel and production qualified design wins indicates that we have further increases in market share possible in 2007. We see excellent opportunities to grow our broadband modem business longer term, driven by additional units, ASP increases -- as we had voice switching and wireless LAN in these platforms -- and our expansion into the VDSL2 market. We believe we can achieve a share position in VDSL2, similar to what we have today in ADSL2+. We will talk more about our VDSL2 solution at our upcoming analyst day on November 9th. In set-top boxes, Broadcom continued to experience a high level of demand for our HD and PVR solutions for both the cable and satellite set-top box markets.  Within the cable set-top box market, during Q3 we experienced strong unit demand across both our high- and low-end units. Part of this growth was the result of customers transitioning manufacturing supply chain from one location to another. We anticipate that in Q4, this customer will order more, similar to the first-half of this year. Based upon recently reported results from this customer, demand for set-top boxes remains strong. In the satellite set-top box market, we successfully expanded our customer engagements for AVC and MPEG4-based set-top boxes, beyond our relationship with EchoStar and DirecTV. Not only are we expanding our customer base, we are also looking forward to expanding our strong DBS2 back-end offerings into the front-end. In Q3, we took a significant step into the digital TV space and began shipping our solutions to our first tier-one customer in Korea. As we mentioned last quarter, we have tier-one design wins in Korea, Japan and China, and expect more of these to begin shipping over the next two quarters.  We achieved excellent revenue growth in Q3, albeit from a small base, as DTV revenue is now in double-digit millions, and revenue grew over a 100% from Q2 to Q3. Customers are choosing our DTV solutions because of the following reasons: Digital television is one of many examples where our customers are demanding a more complete solution from their technology partners, and Broadcom is well-positioned to meet this need.  According to a recent IDC report, the TAM for the IC content in digital TV space is expected to be $4.7 billion in 2006, and grow to $7.7 billion by 2010. In the mobile and wireless space, we saw revenues down sequentially, driven by the correction in our cellular business, as well as a mixed shift within our wireless LAN business.  These declines more than offset the sequential growth we saw in our mobile multimedia and Bluetooth lines of business.  As we discussed on our Q2 call, the Q3 decline in revenue in our cellular business was driven by end-of-life sales of a few GSM and GPRS models to our largest customer in this market. On the positive side, earlier this week, we announced that Panasonic, our second 3G customer, is shipping a new handset with our wideband CDMA processor. Also, our cellular solutions were chosen by Palm in the new Treo 680 product.  Our cellular baseband solutions are now qualified in over 75 countries, and on a 150 carrier networks. We are truly laying the foundation for our future success in the cellular market. With respect to our single-chip HSDPA solution, we have seen a high degree of interest in this product. We continue to experience very good progress while taking the product through testing and qualifications, so please stay tuned for more updates here.  Make no mistake -- this is a competitive market and design wins take time, but we believe we are well on our way to our stated goal of 10% to 15% share in basebands by 2009. As Bruce mentioned, wireless LAN was down sequentially because of a supply change in the 802.11g space, and a mixed shift in the 802.11n space, but we do expect to see an up-tick in Q4.  We have multiple design wins into top tier-one PC OEMs, such as Dell and Acer, and others that will be announced shortly. This is a nice complement to our retail access point design wins with Buffalo, Linksys, NETGEAR and US Robotics. To date, we have shipped more than 2 million units of draft 802.11n solutions. We are seeing a strong interest in draft 802.11n connectivity in both desktop and notebook applications, as well as in other content distribution opportunities.  As we look into 2007, we expect draft 802.11n units to represent approximately 20% to 30% of total units shipped.  As we look at our wireless LAN roadmap going forward, we expect to have low-power wi-fi in integrated wi-fi Bluetooth FM chips, as well as other products in this line of business. We will have more news on these initiatives soon. A great example of our ability to offer complete solution to our customers is the Nintendo Wii, which is expected to be released on November 19th.  This platform incorporates a complete wireless solution from Broadcom. We have the embedded wireless LAN and Bluetooth in the console, as well as Bluetooth in the controller.  The Wii highlights our customer-centric solution approach, where we add tremendous value to our customers' products and work with them to create a strong a value proposition. As expected, our Q3 revenue from Bluetooth recovered from the impact of a customer rebalancing issue in Q2. We expect to grow again in Q4, driven by growth in each of the segments of the Bluetooth market -- cellular, PC, headset and embedded.  Our leadership position in the handset market has been driven not only by our success in capturing the right design wins, but also our software and roadmap integration with the other functions, such as FM radio, wireless LAN, and some additional technologies that we have not highlighted to date. Enterprise networking was down in the quarter, driven primarily by expected weakness in Gigabit Ethernet switching, as we worked through the second quarter of our anticipated inventory correction. We have no doubt that the Gigabit Ethernet market will grow, and that we are still in the early stages of its adoption.  When you combine that with our leading market share position and new product momentum, we see growth out of this line of business going forward. This inventory situation was being driven by supply shortages in the second-half of 2005 and Q1 of 2006, combined with product transitions at our end customers as they ramped down production of their older boxes and cleared out any remaining inventory using our StrataSwitch II product, before they begin to roll out their new boxes using our StrataSwitch III.  As anticipated, we experienced a drop in Q3 in Gigabit Ethernet switching, but expect growth in Q4. However, it appears that the inventory situation has broadened across other business lines, with minor adjustments expected to occur in Q4 in other areas of the enterprise networking market. Our optical business had a good quarter. We are seeing a faster-than-expected adoption of 10-gigabit Ethernet, primarily being driven by the server and blade server markets, as well as by switches and other data center equipment markets. We do not believe this diminishes our expectation for 10GigE over copper, but merely represents early adoption of this technology. In closing, we are encouraged by our continued design win momentum and favorable product cycles across our diverse set of businesses. We have been managing through a challenging period, and will continue to invest in the future to remain at the forefront of new technologies that enable our customers' new products. Before we turn the call over to your questions, I would like to anticipate one of the questions, and highlight a few of the areas that are shaping up to generate strong growth in 2007.  The first one of these is digital television, driven by shipping additional tier-one customers.  The second is Bluetooth, as our customer base expands and we begin to penetrate mono-headsets.  The third one is wireless LAN as 802.11n and embedded applications grow.  The fourth is network switching, as gigabit continues and we begin to penetrate the metro space. With that, let me turn the call over to your questions. Operator. 
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Michael Masdea from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Yeah, thanks a lot. I think a lot of us doubt a lot less your opportunities, and I guess more of us are concerned about some of the volatility, both from last quarter and this quarter and what we've seen in the last couple of years. What are you doing or what can you do to try to get this out of there, especially like for when you look at the fourth quarter? For example, we have a couple of things like the Wii and some of the handset stuff and some of this cable customer that is transitioning the supply chain, will that cause the same sort of volatility going into Q1?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, certainly, some volatility is good when you get a new customer, you see a surge in sales. So I don't think you're complaining about that.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: No, that's fine.
Scott A. McGregor: I think what you're concerned about is what can happen in the semiconductor industry where we get shortness in product deliveries, customers over-order and then we have an inventory correction. And that's very hard to correct in the industry and has been something with us for 50 years. If you have a solution to that though, please, Michael, let us know.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: So what's going on with the customers right now, because it sounds like maybe even during the quarter some of their outlook has changed a little bit or maybe some of the guesswork was a little bit off it? Is something changing with the customer base right now?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, we've seen pretty consistent order  pretty consistent end user shipments from our customers. So that's what leads us to believe this is largely an inventory issue. You know, we had 20-week lead-times for substrates and stuff like that in the first half of this year, and with the wisdom of 20-20 hindsight we believe that a lot of those customers did double order. So that's what we're working off now.  So we believe thats the primary issue here, and, again, that's very difficult to tell our customers that we're not going to ship them the product they want. 
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: That makes sense. Last question, options strategy, just talk us through what your thinking going forward? Is it the same as what we heard at your last quarter Analyst Day and conference call? Are there any changes in the way youre thinking about granting options and restricted stock units going forward? 
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. So this is Bruce Kiddoo. At this point, we're not looking for any changes in our policy going forward. We still believe that equity is an important component of our business and that to motivate the engineers as we like to say, to do the impossible, they like that, the equity component.  But clearly we understand from a dilution point of view that we have to manage that. And I think the program that we had in place for the last year, while we're targeting 5% to 6% gross dilution and then a stock repurchase program of 2% to 3% is still going to be our plan going forward.
Scott A. McGregor: That gets us into the low single-digit net dilution, which we think is reasonable given the growth we can deliver as a company.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, guys. Can you give us some details on bookings, backlog coverage and what kind of turns do you need to make your numbers for the fourth quarter? 
Bruce E. Kiddoo: We don't normally provide that detailed level of information. Historically, we go into a quarter at 80% to 90% booked and I think that would be consistent looking forward.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then second question is on the receivables. Up quite a bit year-over-year; up 50% your sales are up 30%. Whats going on there? 
Bruce E. Kiddoo: We have a slight uptick in our DSOs from 39 to 42 days in Q3 over Q2. That was really just a slight change in our linearity. The third month of the quarter was still the same at about 33% but we shipped a little bit more in the second month than the first month and when you have 45 to 60 day payment terms, that sort of pushes out the receivables.  We're not concerned about this. We continue to manage this very closely and are comfortable that it will stay at these levels, which compared to other benchmarks are at very, very strong levels.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: So we should expect it to stay at what level, around 40 days? 
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. I think that would be reasonable.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, guys. Scott, one question about the 2007 growth drivers you talked about. I was writing them down fast but I seem to believe you did not mention cellular handsets given the stressing of 3G, can you either correct me or describe why that wasnt mentioned? 
Scott A. McGregor: We see the 2G business declining a bit into next year in the 3G business ramping. So if I just look at 3G cellular then yes, that would be a growth area for us next year. But we shifted most of our R&D to 3G instead of 2G and so we're seeing some roll-off of those products. In aggregate, I wouldn't classify that as a strong growth driver in 2007. It certainly is a major growth driver for 2008 and 2009, but not so much in 2007 again, because 2G declining while 3G ramps.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Fair enough. And as we think about seasonality in general for you guys, you gave us a lot of great granularity from the bottoms up and so it might be different in each year, 22 product lines. But generally if you're shipping under demand in the fourth quarter, how do we think about seasonality in whatever way you want to determine it for the first quarter? 
Bruce E. Kiddoo: We don't give guidance for Q1. However, you're right, we certainly have some product lines that will show seasonality, some of the wireless business, some of the consumer products will show seasonality. We also have some that we sort of call quasi-consumer businesses that sometimes have reverse seasonality and are actually stronger in Q1 than they are in the other quarters. So exactly how that balances, we haven't given guidance on that yet, but there will be a mix of that going on in Q1.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Finally, the last question you mentioned about the wafer prices starting to decline a little bit. Do you believe we're at the beginning of that trend? How should we think about the cost side of the equation proceeding for the next few quarters given what you're seeing from some of your wafer suppliers? 
Scott A. McGregor: Well, certainly our long-term model of 50% to 52%, we still believe is the right way to model us in the long term. As we gave in our guidance, we expect gross margins to be up slightly in Q4 over Q3, and at this point we're not giving guidance for 2007.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes Chris Caso from Friedman, Billings, Ramsey. Please go ahead.
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Yes. Thank you. I wonder if you can comment a little bit on pricing environment and maybe obviously focus on some of those areas where the pricing is typically more volatile, say the wireless LAN and Bluetooth side. Seeing anything there as a result of, you know, some of the pockets of inventory that you guys talked about? 
Scott A. McGregor: I think if you look at it on a multi-quarter trend, we saw some issues where we had relatively flat wafer pricing and increasing assembly and test pricing over certainly the first half of this year, and the latter half of last year. That made it painful for us as customers wanted their price reductions and we were actually seeing price increases.  There is actually a significant amount of gold in our chips with the little wires that connect them and the price of gold going up was a problem for us, as customers wanted price reductions. And so that contributed to some of the margin pressures that we saw, up until now.  Now, we see that gold is going back down. We see wafer prices easing and we see a relatively normal pricing environment in terms of price erosion on the chips. So I think net that puts us into a more favorable environment going forward.
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: So if I look, what you're selling now both in wireless LAN and Bluetooth, margins actually, I guess it sounds like you're implying they actually improved Q2 into Q3? 
Scott A. McGregor: No, I didn't mention that specifically for those products. We do see a significant decline in 80211n pricing, as expected. You introduce new technology when it first comes out at higher and then, the price declines faster than normal for the overall chip market. But that will get back under the normal curve at some point here. 
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Okay. Just a follow-on with regard to your production, you've made good progress in bringing inventory levels down. How would you characterize that versus your targets? And as a follow-on to that, what do you expect in terms of your production levels and wafer starts and that as we go forward now? 
Scott A. McGregor: So from inventory point of view, we've historically said we kind of target seven or a little bit better turns. Going forward, I think you should model at that same level. Of course, until we refile our financial results we can't calculate the term for you. 
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Does that imply from here, that we would start to see production level start to rise again, or is that probably more an early '07 event? 
Scott A. McGregor: I would say we're happy with our level of inventories right now. And so wafer starts will begin to match our production going forward. But, by the way, be careful, we've seen some things out in The Street where one or another of our foundries or assembly and test centers will talk about our business or other business. Remember, we have five or six foundries we work with and about the same number of assembly and test centers. We constantly move load around based on pricing and performance. So one can go up or down and it may not necessarily reflect our business, but rather how we view them in terms of their pricing and performance. 
Chris Caso - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Understood. You guys keep us on our toes. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Arnab Chanda from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 
Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. I have couple of questions which are product related. First, basically for Scott, you talked about when 2G is declining and 3G is growing. From what point on should we assume the 3G growth is going to characterize the growth of say, your handset business? 
Scott A. McGregor: I would expect us to trough early next year or even a little sooner. And then, after that the 3G growth should dominate the equation there. 
Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. A question about Bluetooth. Do you think this year that you have in the market is that relatively stable, there have been talk of new entrants in handsets. Where are you with that? Or are you gaining share, losing share, maintaining, are there new customers that you are gaining? Obviously, Nokia is one that you don't have as a big player, if you could talk on that little bit? 
Scott A. McGregor: We nearly 100% market share with a very large player in the cellular space and that's not sustainable, and we have discussed that before. Certainly, we understand why they would want to go with a multi-source strategy for Bluetooth.  However, as we said, I believe in our last call, we expect that our adoption rate into new customers will more than offset any declines we see in that customer. So yes, we are picking up additional large customers and we believe that Bluetooth remains a strong grower for us going forward in the next few quarters and in the next few years. 
Peter Andrew: We haven't really attacked the headset space and I believe in 2007 you'll see renewed effort on our getting a very nice market share within the headset space for Bluetooth. 
Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers: Thanks Peter and Scott. And just a last question please. A couple of the markets you've talked about, you know, it seems like there are new market transitions going on, for example in wireless LAN, there's obviously big opportunity in embedded you havent participated in. And certainly for VDSL, is there a danger specifically to DSL that, you know, at some point DSL markets are in decline and you need to get the right share in VDSL? If you could shed some light on that? Thanks. 
Scott A. McGregor: Well, actually, we expect our share in VDSL2 to be certainly in the same ballpark as our current share. And the other opportunity for us is to add additional functionality in these solutions. So you don't just sell a modem. You sell a wireless LAN with it, voice capability and other things. So once we get into that platform, then we have the opportunity to bring our whole portfolio to bear and so that's how we're able to enter a market, take share and grow in that market, and then continue to increase ASPs into those platforms going forward.  We've done that successfully in the cable modem area, which we've been in for a long time. We have a high share in the cable modem space and yet we've able to increase revenue there not by increase in share and not by the market growing spectacularly but rather by adding additional functionality. And that formula we believe applies to quite a few markets including the ones you mentioned.. 
Peter Andrew: Also, Arnab, please make sure you show up at our Analyst Day. We hope to have more news for you on our VDSL2 efforts. 
Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers: I'll be there as long as I'm doing this job, so no problem with that. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Seogju Lee from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Scott, just if we can touch on the ongoing litigation with Qualcomm. There has been some updates there but just, if you could give us your thoughts on the latest ruling and then, additionally how we should look at the milestones going forward? Thanks. 
Scott A. McGregor: Well, I apologize, since that's ongoing litigation I can't say too much but we were very pleased to see that the ITC has ruled that our patents are valid and that Qualcomm does infringe on our patents. There is the usual appeal and review processes and what not, but we believe that this is the first time that Qualcomm has ever been challenged in court on infringing on other people's IP and lost. So we think that's very significant.  Long-term, our goal is two-fold; one is to get paid for our IP, so this is a very significant step forward. And the second is to create a level playing field in the 3G space. And those are our goals and those drive where we are going forward.  As they say, all wars come to an end and we will eventually settle this. We are not sure how long that will take, but we believe that having our IP proven as something that is a fundamental to what Qualcomm uses in their chips, that is a very important first step in getting that settlement.
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And just a follow up on that, in terms of the comment of Qualcomm coming to you with a more favorable sort of offer, can we look into that or think that this should be settled at some point here in the near-term? Or how should we think about that?
Scott A. McGregor: Yeah, I'm sorry, I can't comment on that.
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And just lastly on a product side of things. Broadband, when you went into this quarter you had expected all three product segments to be down. Broadband was up sequentially and you did mention DSL was a little bit worse than you had expected. Help us think about what helped offset that?
Scott A. McGregor: So the first part was that we've talked about before was digital TV was up. As we started to ramp with one of our first tier 1 customers there. In addition, we saw strong sales in our cable TV business, as I talked about in my opening remarks, as we saw both increased sales from a unit's point of view and increased sales in the PVR -- and in the PVR higher-end HD boxes.  Also another contributor was our cable modems. Remember there was a great transition going on there from data-only devices to true gateway devices that are integrating not only data but also voice which has a nice incremental ASP boost for us.
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. And you talked about some correction in terms of supply chain on the cable set-top box next quarter but satellite remains strong and you see that continuing here?
Scott A. McGregor: That's a correct comment for Q4.
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Great. See you at analysts' day. Thanks.
Scott A. McGregor: See you there.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Edelstone from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Thanks a lot, guys. Good afternoon. I had two questions; the first one was for you, Scott, if I could. Could you give us your sense as to what you think your SAM growth looks like in 2007? Just conceptually, how you see the year playing out for you guys as you go through and recover from this inventory correction and get back to growth?
Scott A. McGregor: Mark, I don't have those SAM numbers in front of me. We can certainly get that for you after the call and we can talk about it at analysts' day where we cover the different markets there. But we do definitely see growth in 2007; certainly you get recovery from inventory correction just you get back to normal ordering patterns. We've won a number of important designs and those are going to start ramping and so, you know those will drive a lot of a growth. I've mentioned a few of them but we'll cover that in more depth on the 9th.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: And then for Bruce, you guys have highlighted here in the press release that you do not expect to file your Q on time. Can you just give us an update as to where you stand now in the option review process? Has most of the work been done internally and now you're just waiting on outside auditors to confirm data for you or where do we stand in the process?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. As we mentioned upfront, we continue to make good progress in our investigation. I think until it's completely done, I don't think we want to give details as to where we're at. But we're comfortable that we're moving forward and we're making good process. We understand what needs to be done and are confident we'll get this done in a timely manner.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Can we assume that happens before the end of the year?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: You know, at this time I don't think that we can give you an exact date. As you know, this does involve working with outside parties and that makes it very difficult to, you know, give an exact date when we'll get it done. Rest assured this is our top priority and we know what we need to do and we will get it done as soon as we can.
Scott A. McGregor: Mark, with that being said I would personally be very disappointed if we didn't get it done before the end of the year.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Sounds good. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Shebly Seyrafi from Caris & Company. Please go ahead.
Shebly Seyrafi - Caris: Good afternoon. You know, so, I guess I'm confused by the numbers. Mobile wireless segment is about 30% of revenue, it has a lot of positive drivers here. The iPod should grow well for Apple and that should help your mobile multimedia segment. Wireless LAN is going to grow, Bluetooth should be helped by Nintendo Wii. And then, we're also talking about offset being DSL, which I estimate to be only 6% of revenue, which can't really do a lot of damage, according to my models.  So I'm wondering why you're not more optimistic about the fourth quarter in light of the drivers in the mobile and wireless segment?
Scott A. McGregor: Well we do expect all of those businesses to grow and the question is just how much? We'll need to see how those markets develop. It's a little hard to predict how strong the Christmas season is going to be.
Shebly Seyrafi - Caris: Okay. Also, at the end of the June quarter, you had noted that your customers had excess inventory. Would you say that over half of that excess inventory has been worked off so far?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. Shelby, we can't go to that level of detail, because, remember, it's in different areas and it's happening at different times, for example, in Q2 we had one customer that we went through a supply adjustment within the Bluetooth space, and then there is different things happening at different times. So it's hard to put an exact number on where we are through the overall inventory correction process.
Shebly Seyrafi - Caris: Okay. Finally for me, any comments on the state of wireless LAN inventory for N? Has that been reduced meaning fully?
Scott A. McGregor: I think what you're referring to is access points in the retail side. And what we believe is very important to that is getting the clients shipping. Because once the client ship, it creates a natural demand to pull that inventory on access points. So I think the things to look to there, are how many of the PC OEMs are shipping 802.11n. So far we have Dell and Acer announced. There is another PC company shipping already. There was a tear-down on that with our product. And we know our number of others beginning.  We expect over time the price of the retail cards will go down and we may even see some of the PC OEMs begin to bundle at some point and replace G. So those are the things that are really going to drive the access point business and I think there is a bit of an overhang still in the retail market.  But for us, unlike many of our competitors, we sell both access points and we sell the client cards, and so our business has shifted a bit from retail to the client side, and we expect the client side will now pick up the ramp and then the access point in retail will follow on probably a quarter or two later as that overhang goes away.
Shebly Seyrafi - Caris: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Gauna from UBS. Please, go ahead.
Alex Gauna - UBS: Yes. Thank you. I was wondering does guidance incorporate 100% coverage of shippable backlog in the quarter? And if so, what are some the key areas where you might expect some variance meaning I would think that consumer areas like the wee, there might be some turns expected that could go one way or the other. Can you go over that please?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So as we indicated earlier, generally going into fourth quarter, we have about 80% to 90% coverage on backlog so our guidance doesn't reflect 100% of that. I think as Scott mentioned, there are a number of areas where we're looking for growth and it's just a question of how much of that growth is going to be, and we can't project that right now until we understand how strong of a Q4 and the consumer season is going to be.  I mean areas such as digital TV, areas such as Bluetooth and as you said in some of the either MP3 or gaming areas, as well. Until we get an understanding of what the end demand is, we won't be able to provide an accurate estimate of our Q4 forecast.
Scott A. McGregor: But guidance is just that. It's management's best estimate based on the data we have of what we think the pluses and minuses are going to be in the quarter. And you know you can certainly get more pluses than we counted on and, you know, Christmas might not come and that would reduce it. That's our guess and our estimate, based on the numbers we know.
Alex Gauna - UBS: In the satellite set-top box area, is there enough flexibility in the supply chain that you can get significant turns there, or is the manufacturing cycle too long to do much within the quarter?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: I think as we've discussed before, we have a very strong operations team, and to the extent that the customers need product, we will work to do everything we can to get that. We certainly have the ability to do a certain level of turns within the quarter. It's really a question of when the customers identify that requirement to us and our ability to meet that.
Scott A. McGregor: We do a good job staging product in the different stages of manufacturing. So, we stage a die, we stage wafers, we stage actual product in our own inventory, in addition to what the customers have. And, so if there is a sudden pickup or sudden change in demand, we're usually pretty good at being able to capture that.
Alex Gauna - UBS: Okay. One specific question it is fair, it might be too granular. I recently checked with DirecTV found out that they're backlogged some three weeks in there new MPEG-4, HD PVR set-top-boxes, they cited strong demand. I'm wondering are there any manufacturing bottlenecks here or are you seeing some of the pickup, because if I'm not mistaken that's an area where you're dominant?
Scott A. McGregor: We can't comment on particular customer situations. You have to ask them that question.
Alex Gauna - UBS: Okay. One more if I could, looking out at 2007, based on the kind of design win profile you've got at this point in time with digital television, how sizeable an opportunity is that starting to look like?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, we do identify it as one of our, you know, significant growth drivers. I think it's a little uncertain for us. It is a huge market and we have great products. And the real question is how fast we can ramp and how many models with how many different customers? So I think the gating item for us is not our products and not the market. I think the gating item for us is just how many design wins we're able to support going forward.  So that's what I think also will drive it. But we have a lot of irons in the fire there and it's just a question of how rapidly they roll-out.
Alex Gauna - UBS: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Bill Lewis from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Great. Thank you. It sounds like from your commentary about inventory and target turns that this quarter you're kind of where you want to be. So from here you don't really need to radically adjust your own internal inventories. But in terms of the customers, at the OEMs, contract manufacturers, where do you anticipate inventories are going to be kind of cleaned up and at appropriate levels by the end of the quarter?  And I guess more importantly, where do you see some areas where there still might be some lingering overhangs as we think about your growth in the first half of next year?
Scott A. McGregor: You're correct that we are happy with our own inventory situation. And, you're right the issue is what is the customer's inventory? I think it's really hard to generalize on that, because some of the guys are going to be seasonal the consumer product kinds of things, others are driven more by capital cycles with the carriers, and what not. So I don't think I can give you a simple answer on that. It will vary quite a bit in each of our segments.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: I guess are there any specific segments where there will be kind of lingering inventory impacts that you would point out to us to think about as we look at the first half of next year?
Scott A. McGregor: I don't anticipate any.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Okay. And then, a second question, if I could, just kind of putting everything together on your outlook for the fourth quarter, do you anticipate that net income would be down sequentially just given the increase in operating expenses? 
Bruce E. Kiddoo: We can't give that level of guidance at this point in time. 
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Okay. All right. Thanks. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ruben Roy from Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest: Hi, thank you, Bruce, I just wanted to clarify something, I'm sorry, on the bookings comments you made a couple of times now you've said, specifically you have 80% to 90% backlog coverage, but are you saying that's where we are entering Q4? 
Bruce E. Kiddoo: We didn't give that specific item. I would say, historically, that's the level we have going into quarters. 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest: Okay. And then, Scott, on that end  I'm sorry, if I missed this, but are you expecting 802.11n to grow, revenue growth in Q4? 
Scott A. McGregor: It will depend a little bit on the sell-through in the retail side and how rapidly some of the PC OEMs pick up. We haven't given specific guidance on that but those would the factors that drive growth on N in Q4. 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest: Thank you. And then a final one for you, Scott, on the digital TV, question came up on the market out there for merchant components, I guess. But you have taken a stab at market share for base band. Would you care to maybe take a stab at where you would like to be in terms of market share in 2007, within the digital TV market for merchant components? 
Scott A. McGregor: Well, 2007 is going to be hard to predict because it's really going to depend as I said on the ramp there. But make no mistake, our ambition is to become number one in the space. So it might take us a few years to get there but thats our ambition in the digital TV space. 
Ruben Roy - Pacific Crest: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: The next question comes from David Wu from Global Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Yes, good afternoon, gentlemen. I wonder if you could help me get some clarity on the fourth quarter outlook that was described? Number one, that the mobile and wireless is the main driver for sequential revenue growth of 1%, right? What about broadband? How does that look in Q4 relative to Q3?  The last thing is on the enterprise side you mentioned while Gigabit Ethernet switch business should be turning up in Q4, that there were other businesses, smaller businesses that would have problems? Could you clarify what kind of businesses are we talking about in the other category? 
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So for broadband communications, we mentioned that we still saw some very modest weakness in DSL and we also mentioned that there was a manufacturing transition in our cable TV with one of our largest customers there where they purposely build up inventory in Q3 to support a manufacturing transition in Q4. And so that's going to result in kind of a temporary decline in that business in Q4 as well. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay. What about the enterprise networking side, XT Gigabit Ethernet switch?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure, within that category, we're just seeing small pockets of weakness in a couple of different categories, mainly associated with the enterprise space, more of the controllers, security, those types of issues. It's fairly small in terms of total size.
Scott A. McGregor: But we did see our switch business trough in Q3, and we do expect renewed growth in Q4.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: If I were to look at these three categories, I assume broadband will be down sequentially and enterprise may be off slightly. And the net-net is the mobile and wireless would carry the day for Q4. Did I get it correct?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yeah, that's approximately correct.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Srini Pajjuri from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Most of my questions have been answered. Scott, one longer-term question. I guess one of your biggest competitors recently acquired a wireless business. I am just wondering if you look at your wireless business and given the small scale and if you don't get your 10% to 15% market share target in the next year or two, would you consider acquiring another business or, you know, do you think you're good on your own?
Scott A. McGregor: Our target for 10 to 15% market share in base bands is 2009. I would say a year ago, we would have been open to acquiring a business there. Over the last year, though, we've built up our own technology in this space and actually based on customer feedback, we are ahead of most of the people that are for sale right now, which is probably one of the reasons they are for sale and got bought.  But we've seen just an incredible push on our own technology. So I would say the things that gate us on the cellular side are no longer technology and no longer customer access. We believe we have the access to all of the customers we need to get to and the products that are of interest to them.  I think the thing that is going to gate us is just how many designs simultaneously we can support. For us to support many of the top ten customers doing multiple designs, that's where we'll need the staff and that's where we'll need the scale going forward. Now, we could get that by buying one of those people you're referring to, but that would be a very expensive way to buy that capability and there are easier ways to do that.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Charlie Glavin from Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Charlie Glavin - Needham: Hey, guys. I had a question, Scott, if you could give a little bit more granularity by geography? You mentioned by the product areas, but certainly the weakness in terms of the trough rolling in terms of by geography, as far as Europe may have recovered in certain aspects, maybe not in DSL, whereas low-end phones little bit better but the high-end, particularly from the CDMA being weaker. Could you give us a little bit more clarity in that.
Scott A. McGregor: Charlie, we're rifling through our papers looking at the geography. We don't see any real geographical trends. So we don't see anything jumping out at us in terms of one geography or another.
Charlie Glavin - Needham: And you mentioned in terms of having the various foundries and balancing them off overall. In terms of the costs though, as we start to see the wafers' prices coming down as more of the wafer guys shift from over from 8 over to 12, can you give better granularity in terms of where you seeing the cost? Is it more back end, front end in terms of the relief?  Also, how much of this is also in regard to some of the migration or some of the product you've taped out and are now bundling together? And a quick follow-up on that last question.
Scott A. McGregor: So two issues here, first is whether costs are driven by wafers or back end. The answer is we're seeing reductions in both, as those factories become less loaded the suppliers become more reasonable on pricing.  And again we went from -- usually assembly and test is not the gating item. But we just saw a very difficult situation there, you know, a year ago or nine months ago that now has abated both with the overall demand in the industry coming down a little bit, but also with additional supply coming on-stream. For example, PBGA factories in China coming on stream to off load some of the shortness in Taiwan. So you know both of those are factors.  Then you also mentioned the integration of different technologies and whether that was driving things. Certainly moving to 65 nanometers as we're doing aggressively and our general strategy, which is to integrate as much technology we can on single chips, helps us achieve the margin and competitiveness that we do have. So that's just part of our normal strategy and that isn't anything unusual going on right now.
Charlie Glavin - Needham: I guess that last question maybe this is something for the analysts meeting, but in terms of your bundling on the supply side, were those constraints in the substrate more relative to the complexity of your designs? That is, are more of your designs having go in packages that are higher end and was that part of the problem?  And then the second part of that, Scott, is as much as you have ever estimated, what percentage of the products now would you say are bundled? That is, as opposed to selling data-only access product now, now you have got it bundled with voice or other products. And if that is the case, is there really a relevancy in product breakdowns since there is so much overlap now?
Scott A. McGregor: It's an interesting question. I don't, to be honest I don't know how to quantify it. Why don't you let us think about that one and at the Analyst Day maybe we can help you out more on that? But, certainly our strategy is to continue to additional functionality and to integrate thing into single chips. Sometimes that is a single chip and sometimes it's sort of the fast-food equivalent of the Happy Meal, I guess, where we want to sell a variety of chips altogether as part of the solution. So, I have to think about how to characterize the difference between those two and how that affects that.
Charlie Glavin - Needham: Maybe, a way to quantify it on your terms, Scott, is you take a look at the R&D function, assuming that your SG&A, at least the sales and marketing aspect is somewhat related to your top line. Your R&D seems to be growing at a pretty good clip and in not only third quarter, fourth quarter and given the number of designs you have. How should we take a look at your R&D, not only through the end of the year, but do you have any particular goals in terms of next year?  You're certainly hiring a lot of software and app engineers, but given the bundling and also the migration how can we kind of look at that?
Scott A. McGregor: We model having about 20% R&D in terms of our overall business model. And we try to stick to that. You know, it is interesting at the beginning of 2005, we said that we would deviate from that and move above that, because of, you know, known designs and opportunities that we saw. We said that we would then see subsequent growth, it would take us back to correct that.  And in the course of 2005, the beginning we were significantly over the 20% on R&D and by the end of the year we brought that back down to less than 20%. So, that shows that, you know, we are able to go capture those.  To the extent that we see design opportunities that are firm and convincing, we will increase our R&D above 20%. But if you see us increase R&D above 20% deliberately, that's usually because we see unusually high growth opportunities we want to go capture and that is why we do it.  Broadcom typically does not develop products just for hypothetical customers. We tend to develop products for specific customers and so we have a very effective capture rate on return for R&D. I think that's important because it means if you do see R&D creep up, it's because we see particular growth opportunities that's targeted for.
Charlie Glavin - Needham: Well, Scott, since you're already over 20% , you were in third quarter and fourth quarter. Is that given the design opportunities certainly the ones that you listed in your prepared remarks for '07, should we anticipate that this will stay above 20% in '07?
Scott A. McGregor: You clearly must have some form of ESP, because we haven't given the R&D numbers out. But, anyway, to the extent as I said, we would deviate from the model it would only be because we saw great opportunities ahead of us that would accelerate our growth.
Charlie Glavin - Needham: All right. Thanks, Scott.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Before we take the next question I forgot to mention one important data point to Arnab's question earlier about VDSL2, which was that in this quarter, we did begin shipping our standards compliant VDSL2 solution to carriers this quarter. So I just want to follow-up and then make sure I answered Arnab's question properly. Christine?
Operator: Thank you. And the final question comes from Shaw Wu from American Technology Research. Please, go ahead.
Shaw Wu - American Technology Research : Sure. Thanks. Just a follow-up on a question that was asked earlier, where do you think you are in terms of the inventory flush, in terms of your markets?  Second, based on your revenues now they're going to be somewhat depressed for the next two quarters, and how does this relate to potential seasonality, whether you're going to be seasonal or not seasonal, in terms of the first half of '07? Thanks.
Scott A. McGregor: We haven't given guidance for Q1, and as I mentioned on a previous question, the inventory is highly dependent on particular markets and especially the seasonality. We see some that are counter seasonal. For example, some of our set-top box business, you think of that as a consumer business, but actually it's a anti-seasonal, because a lot of the capital infusions into that business are heavy in the first quarter and so you see a bigger flush there in the first quarter than you would in the fourth quarter.  Other business like some of the wireless business or MP3 players, we expect to be traditionally seasonal. And we haven't at this time, given guidance and to be honest, we don't have any surety of the mix of those two going forward into the first half of the year.
Shaw Wu - American Technology Research : I mean, these are pretty depressed revenues. Is there a good chance you could see above seasonal or you prefer not to talk about that yet?
Scott A. McGregor: Well, if you told me how good and strong the Christmas sales are going to be, I can tell you how strong the seasonal products are going to be. That's part of the problem is it's hard to understand that market and we'll just have to wait and see how the store sales are later in the year. But certainly if you see that consumer demand is strong, that's going to be positive for those corresponding businesses that we have.
Shaw Wu - American Technology Research : Okay. Thanks.
Scott A. McGregor: Okay. I'd like to just follow-up with one parting thought here. When we gave guidance originally at the end of our Q2 conference call for Q3, and we gave guidance for the declining quarter, we certainly had some moments of introspection in the team and we wondered, my God, is Broadcom losing share or is something going on? Because other companies at the time were talking about a very robust second half.  Subsequently, we saw that many other companies also saw some similar inventory issues as we did. We felt a bit vindicated there. But we also believe that we tend to be a leading indicator on some of this and see it earlier than many other companies.  Since that time we've gone back and looked at our market shares and looked at our product design wins, and we believe, we are holding share or gaining share in our principal markets. We believe we're executing well. And, so, that's why we believe that Broadcom should continue to outgrow the semiconductor industry overall here going forward. So with that parting thought, let me end the call. Thank you very much and I hope for the analyst community, you can join us on November 9th and we'll talk to you then. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Broadcom third quarter results conference call. This concludes your conference for today.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-20 22:30:00) =====
Executives: Peter Andrew - VP IR  Scott McGregor - President, CEO  Bill Ruehle - CFO  Henry Samueli - Chairman, CTO 
Analysts: Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse First Boston  Alex Gauna - UBS Warburg  Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank  Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets  Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley  Roy Ruben - Pacific Crest Securities  Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers  Charlie Glavin - Needham & Company  Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs  Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch  David Wu - Global Crown Capital  Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company  Jeff Palmer - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey  Bill Lewis  JP Morgan  Shelby Seyrafi - Kaufman Brothers 
Operator:  Welcome to the Broadcom second quarter 2006 conference call. (Operator Instructions) Your speakers for today are Scott McGregor, Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer; Henry Samueli, Broadcom's Chief Technical Officer and Co-Founder; Bill Ruehle, Broadcom's Chief Financial Officer; and Peter Andrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew. Please go ahead.
Peter Andrew:  Thank you very much, Martin, and good morning, or good afternoon. I would like to thank everyone for joining us. Before I turn the call over to Scott, I've got to make a brief comment. During this call, we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on anticipated revenue for the third and fourth quarters of 2006, financial information for any future periods, and statements about prospects for our various businesses and the development status and planned availability of new products.  It should be clearly understood that our actual results may differ substantially from the forward-looking statements we make today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results are discussed in the Risk Factors sections of our 2005 Form 10-K and subsequent 10-Qs and 8-Ks and in our other SEC filings.  A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of today's release. As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement for any reason. On July 14, we provided a preliminary report on the voluntary review of our equity award practices. As we announced then, as a result of that review, we had to limit the scope of our financial information that we release today.  In addition, on this call, we will not be able to provide any specifics about our gross margin or operating expenses for the second quarter or year-to-date because we cannot determine those amounts in accordance with GAAP until we have completed our ongoing review and the expected restatements of our historical financial statements.  In today's call, we will provide you some information and guidance about general trends for these metrics, but cannot provide any greater detail than what we state on the call. We will of course make every effort to provide you with more detailed information as soon as we can, which will be when we have completed all of our required SEC filings and amendments.  You should note, however, that this will likely take a number of weeks to accomplish. Because of the pending restatement of our financial statements, all financial numbers for the second quarter discussed on this call are not final and should be considered estimates. In addition, any guidance we provide for the third and fourth quarters of 2006 do not take into account the effects of the pending restatement, which we believe will result in significant adjustments to our results of operations on a GAAP basis but will not have any material effects on our non-GAAP results. To the extent we discuss any non-GAAP measures, please refer to our 8-K we filed with the SEC on April 28, 2006. That contains additional information regarding why Broadcom believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some limitations associated with the use of these measures. With that, let me turn the call over to Scott.
Scott McGregor:  Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. I'm sure everyone has seen the press release by now, and as we noted, we are a bit limited in terms of financial metrics that we are able to report. What we are able to disclose at this time is our revenue and some limited balance sheet items. Revenues came in at $940 million, which is at the upper end of our guidance of $930 million to $945 million, and represented growth of 4.5% quarter-to-quarter and 56% year-over-year. This is another record revenue level for Broadcom.  Echoing what we noted in our Q1 conference call, the growth in Q2 was led by continued broad-based growth within our broadband communications and mobile and wireless end markets. Enterprise networking was essentially flat on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We had another strong quarter of cash generation, as total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities came in at just under $2.4 billion, which represented net growth of about $60 million quarter-to-quarter after spending about $150 million buying back shares in the open market. With respect to our equity award review, we have nothing new to report in our analysis today, but we continue to make excellent progress. We're making every effort to complete our analysis and file our restated financial statements as soon as possible, after the completion of our review. However, as we noted in our previous press release, we're not likely to file our 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2006 by the due date of August 9. With that, let me turn the call over to Bill to talk about Q2 and give guidance for Q3.
Bill Ruehle:  Thank you, Scott. Q2 '06 was near the high end of our guidance. Our record quarterly revenue of $941.1 million was up more than $40 million or 4.5% from Q1. Revenue is up more than $336 million or 56% from Q2 of '05. Our non-GAAP gross margin was down from last quarter a little more than our guidance. Our total non-GAAP OpEx was up more than the rate of our revenue increase, as per our guidance. Our cash and marketable securities on-hand increased by $64 million for the quarter, leaving us with a balance of $2.4 billion. In our January conference call, we said we expected Q2 revenue to be in the range of $930 million to $945 million, a 3% to 5% increase over Q1. Our actual revenue of $941.1 million was an increase of 4.5%, so we did come in at the high end of the range. In April, we noted that we expected our strongest growth to come from broadband, and it did. Our broadband revenue increased by 8% over Q1. The increase was primarily driven by strong increases in DSL and solid sequential growth in cable set-top boxes and cable modems, which more than offset a decrease in our DVS business.  Our two new emerging categories within this sector, digital TV and HD DVD, also experienced strong growth off a relatively low base. In total, our broadband business was up 58% over Q2 of '05. Our mobile and wireless business was up more than 5% from Q1 with most of the significant increase coming from Wireless LAN as the 802.11n shipments ramped significantly, more than offsetting decreases in Bluetooth and mobile multimedia, both of which were impacted by short-term and customer inventory rebalancing.  We also achieved shipment of our first 3G baseband chips to a Tier 1 customer. Scott will talk more about this in his remarks. Our mobile and wireless revenue was up 121% over Q2 of '05. Our enterprise networking business was flat for quarter-over-quarter and up 20% year-over-year. For the quarter, strong performance in controller and Fi offset weakness is switching. In terms of revenue distribution for Q2, Broadband Communications accounted for approximately 38% of total revenues, mobile and wireless for 30%, and enterprise networking for 32%. In Q2, we had two customers, each of whom accounted for 10% or more of our revenue, and that was Motorola and Cisco. In terms of operating expenses, we are limited as to what we can say. As I mentioned earlier, our total non-GAAP operating expenses were up from last quarter. This was driven primarily by the impact of our annual focal salary reviews, by additional headcount, and by increased spending on [inaudible] sets.  We increased our total company headcount from Q1 by 249 people to a worldwide total of 4,854. This includes over 3,450 people in engineering to represent 71% of our total headcount. Our annualized revenue per employee was $776,000, down slightly from the $782,000 we reported the previous quarter and up substantially from the $647,000 we reported in Q2 of '05. Turning to the balance sheet, we continued our ability to generate positive cash flow. Our total cash and marketable securities balance was up by $64 million, from an all-time high of $2.4 billion.  During the quarter, we disbursed $152 million in pursuit of our stock buyback program, and we collected approximately $93 million from employee stock option exercises and employee stock plan purchases. In the second quarter, we repurchased 4.2 million shares, bringing our year-to-date purchases to 6.3 million shares. Our inventory balance has increased by just over $51 million to $278 million, which was higher than our expectation. We had a small number of parts where we had expected higher shipment volumes to materialize.  Our accounts receivable DSOs increased slightly from 36 days to 39. Our linearity of shipments was still quite good as we still shipped 33% in the quarter within the third month. Turning now to our expectations, we see some near-term issues regarding our revenue outlook for Q3. We expect these to be substantially resolved by Q4. Specifically, for Q3, we expect revenue to be below what we just reported for Q2. In Q3, we believe that our revenue could be approximately $900 million, which would equal the revenue we reported in Q1. Normally, we only give guidance for one quarter in advance. Because we believe there are short-term factors affecting Q3 that do not accurately reflect our longer-term revenue trends, we want to also give some indication of our expectations for Q4.  We anticipate our Q4 revenue will be higher than the $941 million we just reported for Q2. There are three principal lines of business contributing to the expected temporary decline in Q3.  In DSL, we have experienced a very rapid increase in our sales, up to a level where we believe we are now in a leadership position in that market. For the last several quarters, we have been struggling to keep up with our customers' increasing demand. In Q2, we were able to catch up to their demand and experienced a significant increase in revenue over Q1. For Q3, we expect to be above the Q1 level but below Q2, as we reach an equilibrium point with respect our supply and our customers' demand and desired inventory levels. For Q4, we expect that business to be about flat with Q3. In Ethernet switching, we believe we have seen some inventory build across a broad set of customers. That business was down in Q2 and is expected to be down again in Q3. We expect to see a relatively strong Q4. The third area of expected decrease in Q3 is mobile communications; in other words, cellular baseband. In Q2, some of our GSM and GPRS models within our largest customer in that market reached the peak of their volume life cycle. We expect a reasonable upturn in that business in Q4, both in existing 2G models and some new 3G models.  In addition to the lines of business described above, other lines of business with expected revenue increases in Q4 include digital TV, where we expect to see a strong Q3 and an even stronger Q4, as some of our major accounts in that area are beginning to ramp. We also anticipate a good ramp in Bluetooth as additional large customers are expected to kick in, and possibly in Wireless LAN, depending on retailers' sell-through of the 802.11n product. For gross margin trends, we have consistently stated our long-term model as being in the range of 50% to 52% on a non-GAAP basis. We expect to see some margin pressure in Q3 that could bring our non-GAAP gross margin to a point below the top end of that range.  This is driven by a combination of product mix, product transition issues, and the fact that virtually all of our Q3 production has already been committed at existing foundry prices. We're starting to see some indications that foundry pricing may be a little more favorable beginning in Q4. For Q3, we do expect to see OpEx continue to increase, though at a reduced rate from Q2. We remain very conscious of our long-term profitability models and will take whatever steps we reasonably can to assure we operate within that model, consistent with continuing to fund our growth opportunities.  Cash flow in both Q3 and Q4 is expected to remain strong. We also expect our inventory in Q3 to decrease by at least as much as the $51 million by which it increased in Q2. Now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk about the state of the business.
Scott McGregor: Thanks, Bill. Before I jump into my discussion, there are four things that I would like everybody to take away from today's discussion: So, at a high level, I'd like to start off by observing that Broadcom is well positioned to lead this communication and convergence wave due to our broad and diverse product offering that covers a large number of large and growing end markets.  We have over 20 different lines of business focused on three separate target markets that we classify as broadband, mobile and wireless, and enterprise networking. Another way to look at it is that Broadcom solutions touch an individual at home, at work, and while mobile. These lines of business change from time to time, but none represented over 11% of revenues in Q2, which is a testament to the diversity of our revenue stream.  In Q2, all but four of these lines of business grew revenue on a sequential basis, proving that we're not being driven by any single end market, product, technology or customer. To put this communications and convergence opportunity into perspective, we've recently updated the total available market analysis for each of our 20-plus lines of business, and see an opportunity of approximately $60 billion in 2005. Looking out to 2008, we see this growing to $83 billion. Our served addressable market, or SAM, is a more accurate view of our opportunity and grows from $24 billion in 2005 with a 33% compound annual growth rate to $56 billion by 2008. The key take-away here is that there are large and fast-growing opportunities ahead of us. As Bill mentioned in his discussion, we believe there's some unusual short-term circumstances that will affect our Q3 results. However, due to the diversity of our product line, favorable product cycles occurring within our various sectors, and strong design win momentum, we believe that we will return to our growth track in Q4. Moving onto our product lines, Broadband Communications experienced another solid quarter of revenue growth that was driven by numerous lines of business. Broadband modem revenue momentum continued in Q2, driven by market share gains in DSL, combined with strong unit demand in cable modems. We have been under extreme pressure to keep up with supply in the DSL space over the last few quarters, as we have been successful in capturing a number of design wins that have driven us to the number one position in this market; clearly a positive. We believe that now we have more than fulfilled these shortages, leading to a temporary decline in our Q3 DSL revenue. We see excellent opportunities to grow our broadband modem business longer-term, driven by additional units, ASP increases as we add voice switching and Wireless LAN to these platforms, and our expansion into the VDSL2 space. We believe we can achieve a share position in VDSL similar to what we have today in ADSL2+. In set-top boxes, Broadcom continued to experience a high level demand for our HD and PVR solutions across both the cable and satellite markets. The news in the satellite space is that we've successfully expanded our customer engagements for ABC and MPEG-4-based set-top boxes beyond EchoStar and DirecTV.  Not only are we expanding our customer base, but also look forward to expanding our strong DVB-S2 back-end product offerings into the front end. We will announce these new customers and product wins at the appropriate time. As Bill mentioned earlier, we are taking significant steps into the digital TV space, and we've secured Tier 1 design wins in Korea, Japan and China. We expect good revenue growth in Q3 and Q4 as our Tier 1 customers begin their shipments in Q4 of DTV's incorporating Broadcom solutions.  Customers are choosing our solutions for the digital TV because of our experience in the set-top box market, as well as our ability to integrate many of the discrete scaler and video-enhancement capabilities into a highly integrated solution. Strength in our mobile and wireless business was also broad-based. Growth in our Wireless LAN, cellular baseband and VoIP businesses offset customer rebalancing actions in our Bluetooth and mobile multimedia businesses. Wireless LAN had a very exciting quarter, driven by continued growth in our existing 802.11g solutions with the additional kicker of the initial ramp of our next generation draft end solutions and offers two distinct advantages over g: bandwidth and reach, which we believe will enlarge the total available market opportunity for n beyond that for g.  We expect the transition to n to be similar to that of g. In g, the first shipments into the retail channel cede to the market. The first buyers of these products were high-end power users. After an initial channel fill, there was a pause in the demand until the notebook vendors began adopting the technology, causing a reacceleration in the demand. The third wave was a price drop to the psychological $99 level, causing the next surge in demand. What's different this time around is that we are seeing the notebook vendors announce end products much earlier than they did for g. This not only shows their confidence in the stability, interoperability and performance of the current n solutions, but also potentially accelerate the life cycle curve for n-based products. With respect to hitting the $99 price point, we believe that you'll see those price points reached before the end of this calendar year. Just as in g, several silicon vendors are announcing n-based design wins, but the key metric to focus on is who is in the volume platforms. So far, we're very pleased with our position within the retail channel, enabling products with Linksys, Netgear, Buffalo and U.S. Robotics. Sales into the retail channel accounted for almost all of the 1 million units shipped milestone for draft-end chipsets that we announced earlier this week. On the PC side, we're pleased to see that both Dell and Acer will be shipping notebooks incorporating Broadcom's 802.11n solutions, and we expect to add to this customer list shortly. In the Bluetooth market, we were impacted by customer rebalancing, mainly on the handset side, which we expect to continue into Q3. This is being driven not by any market share losses but by adjustments in our customers' needs. We expect growth again in Q4.  Our leadership position in the handset market has been driven not only by our success in capturing the right design wins but also our software and roadmap of integration with other functions such as FM radio, Wireless LAN, and other technologies that we haven't yet highlighted. We remain on track to ship our Bluetooth plus FM radio part late this calendar year, and we have high expectations for this product. Our VoIP business had a good quarter, driven by continued strength in the enterprise phone sector, as we're shipping solutions to each of the top three vendors. Consumer adoption of VoIP is still in its early stages but growing probably off a low base. We're pleased that Broadcom was chosen by Vonage to drive more rapid development of high-quality, feature-rich products incorporating VoIP, Wireless LAN, and Ethernet switching. The Vonage relationship highlights our communication and convergence competitive differentiator. Two other announcements which highlight these same themes include Nintendo's Next Generation Wii platform will include Broadcom's Wireless LAN and Bluetooth solutions integrated within the box and Bluetooth in the controllers. And Lenovo will be integrating Broadcom's WiFi Bluetooth and Fast Ethernet controllers within various notebook models. Cellular baseband experienced a strong quarter of growth that is somewhat of a mixed blessing. Part of the growth in Q2 was driven by end-of-life sales of a few GSM/GPRS models to our largest customer in this market. The absence of repeat sales there will negatively impact our Q3 results.  On the positive side, our Q1 conference call, we stated that we expected a Tier 1 3G handset customer to start shipping phones in Q2, utilizing Broadcom's 3G baseband solution. We're pleased to report that Telecom Italia did indeed offer Samsung's SGH-Z220 Wedge solution. Wedge is both wideband CDMA and EDGE utilizing Broadcom's wideband CDMA and full EDGE chipsets, along with our Bluetooth chip. This is a true Wedge solution. It's been a number of years since a cellular handset manufacturer has adopted a new baseband supplier, and this was a key accomplishment for Broadcom, especially given Samsung's high product quality and system test requirements. This model is what we would classify as a starter model, and therefore, we expect it to be relatively low volume.  Contrary to some recent speculation, though, we are now engaged in the development of follow-on models with multiple handset customers, utilizing 3G baseband solutions that we expect to begin shipping by year-end. With respect to our true single-chip HSDPA solution, we've seen a high degree of interest in this product, and we have begun the development of HSDPA phone designs with customers. Enterprise networking was relatively flat in the quarter. Most of the lines of business experienced growth in the quarter, led by controllers and Fis as Bill mentioned. However, small amounts of rebalancing at most of our customers offset these strengths. We have no doubt, though, that the Gigabit Ethernet market will grow and that we are still relatively early in its adoption. When you combine that with our leading market share position and new product momentum, we see continued growth out of this line of business going forward.  New developments in the quarter include a ramp of our converged NIC or C-NIC family of Gigabit Ethernet controllers. These controllers are designed to drastically change the way servers are built and deployed by running TCP acceleration storage our EMA for CPU clustering, and remote systems management all over an Ethernet backplane. We also won significant numbers of sockets for our server I/O product that takes advantage of AMD's new CPU, Rev F. Moving to security, we've extended our security processor offering from high-end switches, servers and routers in stand-alone devices to include our first products that incorporate RF ID along with TPM and crypto technology. These new devices are designed to secure personal authentication transactions associated with physical access, logical access, such as into a PC or network, and contactless payment. We also announced a series of industry first products such as our 48-port Fast Ethernet switch with 24 5s and 4 integrated 10 gigabit Ethernet uplinks, 24 10 gigabit Ethernet switch, and a 90 nanometer [Opo] Fi. We expect revenue from each of these products as part of our growth in Q4. So in closing, while we are a bit disappointed to see an expected short-term blip in revenue in Q3, we are encouraged by our continued design win momentum and favorable product cycles across a diverse set of businesses, a combination that we believe will enable us to rebound in the fourth quarter. With that, let me turn the call over to questions from you. 
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse First Boston. 
 Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse First Boston: Thanks a lot. I guess just hitting it head-on with the channel fill inventory situation we're in, we've had this happen before. It looks like it has happened again a little bit. Is this something we just have to face when you ramp new product lines, is that you have a bit of a channel fill dynamic that's going to hit you every time, or is there anything that can be done to mitigate that? In the same sort of vein, on the Bluetooth and the Ethernet side, is this something that we expect to hear more about you think from other companies or is this something that is specific to, you think, a couple of customers that you happen to be serving?
Scott McGregor:  Michael, I think it's a couple of things. In the latter half of 2005, we had some product shortages in some of these areas. We weren't able to quite keep up with customer demand. We saw, for example, for substrates in our back-end, we saw 20-week lead-times, and that was longer than some of our customers could accommodate.  I think their experience there led them to probably over-order a little bit, and so I expect, in Q1 and to some extent in Q2, we overshot a bit. So I think that's the phenomenon going on in some of the spaces, such as in networking and what not. In the case of 802.11n, I think that's more of a channel-fill situation, and I would expect that to be the same for anyone else who is in that space. That's just typical of the initial retail launch. So I think you need to peel it back a little bit and look at it by the different product categories.
 Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse First Boston: Part of what I'm asking is, given that you're doing so much innovation with new products, is this type of dynamic where if we do get in shortages and companies start over-ordering like this, is there anything you can do to prevent that in the future? Or is it something we just have to try to watch for and it's just part of the business?
Scott McGregor: I think, in the retail case, channel fill is sort of inherent in that business. There's a mad scramble to see who can get out there first, and they order quite a lot of products as they want to get shelf coverage. From there on, it depends on the sell-through. In the case of 802.11n, I think it's very significant that the PC vendors will start incorporating that because then you'll get access points and PCs that talk to each other, and that will give people the comfort to buy. In the case of shortages, I think that's a little bit inherent in the semiconductor industry. You have ebbs and flows in demand and supply, and I think, just in my experience in the industry, is whenever you get into shortage situations, the customers do tend to order more than they need and then they overshoot a little bit.  So we will manage that the best we can. We've put some slightly different policies in place in our own company to try to manage that better. That's an area where we aspire to improve and get even better. But I don't think we have an inventory problem, I don't expect inventory write-offs. These products are going to get consumed and I believe all the inventory issues will be sorted out within Q3.
 Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse First Boston: Then on the wireless side, obviously in the past we had asked this, if the litigation would cause any overhang and prevent some of your customers from rolling out. Obviously with the success of Samsung, that answers that question.  Is there any sort of wait-and-see from any other customers, or are you on equal footing and compete aggressively for all other baseband business?
Scott McGregor:  We are seeing support from the different customers. There is no impediment for us there.
 Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse First Boston:  Okay. Final question, just LCD side, some inventory problems and then it does push a little bit into the TV side. Any sort of overhang on the TV roll-out that you could potentially see out there from any sort of inventory problems at all?
Scott McGregor:  Actually, it's a positive for us because what happens is they are all dumping the panels right now, which is driving the price of LCD TVs down, which will actually increase demand for digital TVs. So we see that as a positive for us over the next couple of quarters.
 Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse First Boston: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Gauna - UBS.
Alex Gauna - UBS Warburg: Yes, thank you. Bill, you mentioned that gross margin came in slightly below what you had guided, but is it still above for this past quarter, that 50% to 52% target?  I was wondering also if you could repeat that number on the cash you spent on share buyback, and if there were any other significant uses of cash in the quarter.
Bill Ruehle:  First of all, Alex, unfortunately I am quite limited as to what I can say in terms of any guidance on numbers since we've announced that we will most likely the issuing restated financials. I can't give you any more guidance than what I have.  What I said in the call was that it was slightly more than what we had anticipated. What we had anticipated was between 10 and 20 basis points. Cash for share buyback was $152 million. We purchased 4.2 million shares in this quarter, which gives us 6.3 million shares repurchased on a year-to-date basis.  Other than that, the primary uses of cash in the quarter were the larger than expected build-up in receivables and inventories. We commented specifically on the inventories that we expect that will all come back into us this next quarter.
Alex Gauna - UBS Warburg: Okay. In terms of visibility into that Q4 recovery that you anticipate, if we go back to you looking out in the back half of '05 you looked into early '06, you thought there would be some seasonality; it didn't manifest.  What kept you from seeing this downturn here in the September quarter? What was it that changed over the course of the quarter? You mentioned the areas, but maybe how it progressed. What kind of visibility do you have in that snapback that you're anticipating in Q4?
Scott McGregor:  I think the growth in Q4 is made up of a number of factors. One is the expectation that we will consume the excess inventory across the channel within Q3. We have reasonable expectation based on that by the order rates, and we certainly see that in the decline in the revenue in Q3. It comes back in Q4.  We also see things like 802.11n where you had a sudden channel fill, and then a softening and then a pickup again as the PC thing comes in. Some those are pretty specific to what's happened just recently. I think it would have been hard to see those back that long ago.
Alex Gauna - UBS Warburg:  Okay. Speaking on n specifically, what kind of average selling prices are you seeing in that market as it hits these new volume levels?
Scott McGregor:  We are seeing $15 to $20, in that range, on current prices.
Alex Gauna - UBS Warburg:  How long do you think you can sustain that? Does that look good through year-end right now, best you're able to discern?
Scott McGregor:  Alex, probably not. Right now, we have the best product out there and that's what has really propelled our design wins and given us the predominate share of the high volume wins. I think, as other vendors come out and get their solutions working, there will be some price pressure on that, but we've been able to hold that so far.
Alex Gauna - UBS Warburg: On the digital television you were mentioning the uptake here. How many OEMs or how many design wins are we talking about moving into the second half of the year?
Scott McGregor:  Well, I can't give you a specific number there, but I said Korea, China and Japan, so that's three top-tier ones right there, and we do have additional ones beside that.
Alex Gauna - UBS Warburg: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Hi guys. You went to great lengths and it was very helpful to get all the inventory adjustments product line by product line. But if you look through that to the end markets themselves, it sounds like most of your description is about an inventory adjustment with your part specifically. Is there anything you are seeing on end demand that gives you any pause right now?
Scott McGregor: Well you know, it's a struggle. There's a lot of stuff going on in the world right now between oil prices, interest rates, conflict. Those are things that usually could threaten end demand. So far, we don't see anything. We saw a number of our customers report so far and had reasonably good quarters and reasonable guidance, so we don't see anything specific to point out yet, but I think there's room for paranoia.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank:  On the Bluetooth side of things, to get back to some specific product lines, you talked about some rebalancing with existing customers. Was that a situation where you were having a hard time keeping up with the demand they had and now you have overshot it? Or is there something going on where they are either multi-sourcing or something along those lines?
Scott McGregor:  Those are different phenomena. I think there were some model transitions and some difficulty keeping up, as you said before. In terms of other people coming on, we have one large customer where we have a 100% market share today, and we don't expect to keep that going forward; that would be unrealistic to expect. However, we do believe that our growth with new customers will more than offset any market share loss we have in a single customer.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank:  Then that new customer, is the Bluetooth FM radio going to be what enables you to target that new customer, or are they going to take product before that specific combo device rolls out?
Scott McGregor:  I believe the Bluetooth FM part is an exciting part; it has given us access to new customers that we didn't have before, and we do have high expectations for that part.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank:  Okay. One final question on the OpEx side of things for Bill -- I know you really can't talk about the expenses per sae, but given the shortfall in the third quarter and the expected rebound, what generally are you going to be trying to do with OpEx during that timeframe?
Bill Ruehle:  Clearly, we will be moderating a rate of increase of the OpEx. I did indicate we would still be increasing as Scott cited, some TAM and SAM numbers earlier and there's a tremendous growth opportunity. So, as always, we will do the best job we can to balance, continuing to invest in the future and preserving our business model in the short term.  I think our track record on that has been pretty good; any time we've fallen off the model at all, we've recovered from it pretty quickly. So we keep that balance in mind, Ross, and will continue to.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank:  Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava, BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks. What gives you the confidence, Bill? You've had these issues before and yes, you do have the track record that you come back sooner than most guys. But sitting here with the kind of adjustments you are seeing, why should we believe that this thing should recover in one quarter, given it seems to be pretty widespread in several segments as opposed to one or two? I recall last time, they was very specific stuff going on with Server Works and so on and so forth.
Bill Ruehle: There are more items this time, Ambrish, and each of them is of much smaller volume. We do have reasonable visibility into what's happening through the balance of the year. Scott made reference earlier to strong design win momentum and that's important, as we expect new designs to be coming in.  In particular, I highlighted the digital TV as an area that we expect in fact in Q3 that will be strong as well as in Q4. Some other product cycles that we see happening are things such as the Bluetooth/FM combination and the converged NIC now coming out now that the Intel platform is out that that fits in with. So we have a number of things going on and within our 20 lines of business, almost all of them were up in the most recent quarter. In the next quarter, probably about half of them are going to be flat to down and about half will be up. Then by the fourth quarter, we think we will be back to where we are now right in Q2.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. Well, I don't doubt the design wins. What I'm trying to understand is it just seems to be a little bit more widespread. The second question on DBS, you mentioned that it was down. Do you expect DBS to recover in the third and the fourth quarter as well?
Bill Ruehle:  Yes, we do.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Then one final question on the inventory issue. If we look through the balance of the year, where do you see the inventory normalizing to as we exit Q3? 
Bill Ruehle:  I would just say that, by the end of the year, we are probably back in the turns rate that we've been accustomed to, which is in the 7 to 8 times.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Great, thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon, guys. A couple of questions. You guys started out giving some guidance on what the TAM and the SAM looks like. Obviously the SAM is growing at a much more rapid pace. Is there a knee of a curve there or is that basically a linear type of increase as you go through the next three years?
Scott McGregor:  It's basically a linear type of increase, Mark.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley:  Then Bill, in your prepared comments, you talked about your large handset customer at the 2.5G level basically end of life. What is your content like going forward with that particular customer? Are there other follow-on products into their 2.5G platforms?
Bill Ruehle:  Yes, there are some other products going on with that customer, and I didn't mean to imply they were end of life. I think what I said it's the end of the high-volume portion of their life, so there still is ongoing business. I think that was another case where they got a little bit ahead of themselves with some inventory, so that's going to cause a little bit of a pause for Q3 but we expect some of that comes back in Q4, along with some other accounts and some 3G business.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley:  Then just lastly, looking at your gross margin guidance here for Q3, basically it sounds like it will be in the middle of what your long-term target or range has been. So if we make the assumption that that's like a 150 basis point decline quarter-to-quarter, how much of that is being explained the mix and how much of that is being explained by the fact that you've already got forward pricing in at customers and you are now going to have to basically satisfy that demand with inventory that you've built on the balance sheet at a higher cost than what you might otherwise would have had if sales met your expectations?
Bill Ruehle:  Yes, that's always more difficult to sort out than you might expect and I am particularly constrained right now because I really can't say much about margins. I would say that both those factors that you mentioned are important. They are both important.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Should we think about the mix with the biggest factor there being that the switching business is expected to still be weak in the third quarter?
Bill Ruehle: Well, what I said was product mix/product transition. We have some actually early product cycles ramping right now, where as we discussed in the past, usually in the early stages of product ramp, we don't have the best margins. We have product optimized for time-to-market and not for cost, and so the sweet spot will be when we get into the high-volume portion of that market and have our second gen of product that is more cost-reduced.  So, that's at least as important a factor as which particular product lines may be shipping more or less.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley:  Okay, thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roy Ruben - Pacific Crest Securities.
Roy Ruben - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks for taking my question. Scott, on Bluetooth, have you seen any significant changes in the pricing environment as we enter the second half?
Scott McGregor: Actually, Bluetooth has firmed up a little bit. There was a pretty significant ASP decline over the last year or so; I think it has firmed up a little bit. You know, over time it will continue to decline as we move to different process geometries and integrate more different functions.  I think, if you look out a couple of years, you're not going to find very many Bluetooth-only chips; you're going to find integrated Bluetooth/Wireless LAN, FM radio and other things.
Roy Ruben - Pacific Crest Securities: Great. Can you give us an idea of what type of ASP premium you may be able to charge on the Bluetooth plus FM tuner that's coming out?
Scott McGregor: Well, the FM tuners generally are selling in the market for about $1. So if you have to split some of that with the vendor, you can sort of get a sense of that.
Roy Ruben - Pacific Crest Securities: On the TV products that you talked about, Tier 1 customers, can you give us an idea or detail on the types of TVs that you're gaining traction in, i.e. screen sizes, et cetera?
Scott McGregor:  It's amazingly broad-based. It's CRT, plasma and LCD and model ranges from, gosh, I don't know, sub-20 inches to more than 40 inches, actually more than 50 inches. So it's quite a range.
Roy Ruben - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers.
Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers:  A couple questions, one for Bill. Bill, in 2005, you saw some gross margin benefit because of wafer pricing as you saw an '04 downturn. Did the guidance you are giving, especially going forward should we assume margins to be basically where they are in Q3, or do you think you can gain some benefit from that?
Bill Ruehle:  As always, Arnab, there were the offsetting factors. It's too far out to predict just yet now as to whether that's going to cause us to actually have a nice increase in margins as we experienced in 2005, or whether that will just stabilize the margins at where they are. The important thing here is it's been at least four quarters since we've seen any pricing flexibility at all out of the foundries. The good news is we didn't have to take price increases although we had some back-end price increases imposed on us.  Our customers always expect to get their quarterly ASP reductions, and so service has acted against us. So the fact that by Q4 we're starting to see some capability for maybe some reduced foundry pricing, that's the first good news we've had in there for about a year.
Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers:  Thanks, Bill. I just have a follow-up, maybe for Scott. Two questions, one on handsets, it seems like there are certain customers that you had a few years ago, the Chinese players plus Sony Ericsson. You are starting to talk about some the Tier 1 guys. Has there been a change in focus there? Therefore, are we going to go through a lull and then an increase? 
Scott McGregor:  I would say that's a good characterization. We focused on 3G, and we stopped focusing on some of the smaller customers. We went after the top-tier customers with 3G, and so by moving away from the focus on 2G and the smaller customers, we are now sort of in that lull where some of our 2G business is winding down and our 3G business has not yet ramped up. So, that's exactly the challenge in that business.  The good news is I feel pretty good about our traction in 3G and with the top-tier customers. We've had a very good reception from them as a set, and so I feel pretty optimistic about that business going forward.
Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers:  One more qualitative question, maybe for both of you, Scott and Bill. It seems like that the semiconductor industry obviously goes through the downturn better than others, perhaps. But it seems like this, from your discussion at least on your revenue side, will be one quarter downturn or one quarter correction.  Is there anything qualitatively different now than in the past that you see, that you could share with us? Maybe part of the second quarter, by month, or just so that we can feel better about your clarity on the fact that it will be over in Q3?
Scott McGregor:  A couple of things here, Arnab. The first big downturn of course was in 2001, and this is nothing like that. That was industry-wide and it took a long time for the entire industry to recover. In fact, we were one of the first semi companies to get back above our 2000 revenue level when that came up; that took forever. The next time we had a significant downturn was in the fourth quarter of 2004, and a big piece of that was the Server Works business that fell away, as we had predicted a year-and-a-half earlier and never came back, nor do we expect it to. Although we're getting slight benefits each quarter now from that business. Also, much of that particular time period was characterized by one very large customer having a big fall-off. We seem much less intense reductions in anybody's inventory at this point, from what we've seen before, and a lot of places where there's no inventory issue at all and some very positive product cycles coming on. So I think those are the principal things that are different.
Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers:  Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Glavin - Needham & Co.
Charlie Glavin - Needham & Co.: Thanks. Scott, you indicated certainly the Wireless LAN you've got a bit of a shift going on right now. Recently you announced that you had shipped 1 million of the Intensi-fis. Can you give some sort of indication of what you may get with the actual consumption of that 1 million shipments as it represents in the industry, not just Broadcom specifically?
Scott McGregor:  In other words, what was the total number of units shipped in the industry?
Charlie Glavin - Needham & Co.:  Well, what was your feel that, say, even using your own 1 million units shipments, what would you gauge was the actual end consumption through the retail market, as opposed to shipments into it?
Scott McGregor:  You know, I don't have perfect data on that, but I would say just the numbers sold through to date is a fraction of the million, and a lot of that was indeed channel fill so that people could have product on the shelf.  Again, I think it's this next wave when you start getting companies like Dell and Acer and others launching product that have the same end technology in it. That's when people will get the comfort, because then it makes sense to buy an access point to go with the laptop you just got that has an end solution in it. Those are the kind of things I think that are going to drive serious volume.
Charlie Glavin - Needham & Co.:  In terms of shipments, maybe you know specifically between Dell, Acer, Lenovo, all announcing and building products on it, in the back-to-school period you're not seeing some of the pick-up; are you just saying that it's not enough to offset that slight pause between the initial retail channel fill?
Scott McGregor:  The Dell and Acer shipments are very recent, so I think it will take a little while until those come out. That's just like in the last week. So I think it will take a couple of months before that really hits stride. I think the other thing that's going to happen is a lot of the thud and a lot of the concern about is this solid technology will go away once people see that you can take a vendor Dell, which is extremely reputable, and tie that together with somebody like Linksys for an access point, and put those together and get great performance. I think that kind of stuff is going to drive volume once people see that and it's real.
Charlie Glavin - Needham & Co.:  I agree, particularly given Dell used your product on the same day that Neutrino was launched. But moving onto the DSL market, Scott you indicated a particular strength there. Can you give a little more clarity in terms of how much of this came from some of the newer VDSL2 versus ADSL, maybe by geography?  You've also seen a pickup more of the multimode where people are looking at maybe not just the ADSL2 and VDSL2 but also looking to bundle your NPUs. Is that some of the shipments you see now or is that more within the design win phase?
Scott McGregor: Yes, today, the business is really driven on ADSL2+, and that's the bulk of that. It's fairly well distributed worldwide, certainly Europe and Asia being very strong in that space, Europe especially.  Going forward, VDSL will be more important there, and again, we are seeing great follow-on opportunities with some of our ADSL2+ customers to move in the road map to VDSL.  Then as you point out, there's an obvious follow-on where you can add things such as Wireless LAN and some of our other products, switches and what not, that make sense because that really becomes much more of an integrated market, where you want to provide a full access point, maybe a triple-play or a quadruple-play access point. Broadcom is unique in that we have all of the those technologies and can integrate that and create a composite solution for people.
Charlie Glavin - Needham & Co.: Then lastly, you talked about some of the rebalancing but was any of the shortfall looking to the second half due to some end customers having problems with their own designs getting out? There's been a lot of chatter that a couple of your main customers have had fits and starts in terms of launching of new products ahead of the holiday period. Was any of that disruption to original guidance in some of your prebuilds?
Scott McGregor: Yes, I can't really comment on specific customers there but yes, it's a mix of things.
Charlie Glavin - Needham & Co.:  Got it. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seogju Lee, Goldman Sachs.
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Bill, I think at one point you mentioned that mobile multimedia had some inventory correction in Q3, but I might have missed how you thought that would progress in Q3 and Q4.
Bill Ruehle: Yes, we did say that there was some inventory correction there. 
Scott McGregor:  But we expect that in Q3 and Q4 to grow.
Bill Ruehle:  Yes.
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Then, in terms of the DTV ramp for you, should I expect that as you progress through Q3 and Q4, that you will be at a full run rate as you exit Q4? And then it will fluctuate with normal sort of seasonality, or how do you expect that to ramp?
Scott McGregor:  Oh, not at all. I would say we are in an early ramp in Q3 and Q4. I think we have a lot more to go in 2007. I would expect, between this year and next year, I would expect triple-digit sequential.
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. In terms of the stock repurchase plans, how is that impacted, if at all, by the delays in the filings of the 10-Qs and the ongoing options investigation?
Bill Ruehle:  That's not impacted at all.
Seogju Lee - Goldman Sachs:  Okay, great. Good luck.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. Just a clarification first. Bill, did you say that Q4 revenues will be higher than Q2 and Q3 or is it just Q3?
Bill Ruehle:  No, I said we expect them to be higher than Q2. They [inaudible] higher than Q3, obviously.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch:  Yes. Okay, thanks for the clarification. On the networking front, you said the controller business of a strong, despite what seems like a weaker PC market, but the switching side, could you give us a little bit more color as to what's going on? Is it just an inventory or Cisco's lean manufacturing is having any impact on that?
Scott McGregor:  No, it has nothing to do with Cisco's lean program. What we see there is things like C-NIC and some of the other products beginning to roll out and driving higher end products for us, increasing ASPs.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Then on the 3G front, the 3G front, Scott, any color as to how many more models do you expect your customers to launch this year and next year?
Scott McGregor:  No, I'm sorry. I can't give you that kind of information. The best I'm going to be able to do is say I feel good about the traction we are getting with customers.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Then one final one on Bluetooth. It seems like the handset demand is fairly healthy. I'm just wondering if the penetration of Bluetooth is somewhat slowing down. Is that what's causing the inventory build or is there something else going on?
Scott McGregor:  No, I don't see that. We see the uptake of Bluetooth, the attach rate of Bluetooth in handsets continuing to grow. I think some of the handset customers made some of their numbers with lower-end models, which would not have as likely a Bluetooth attach on them, but the general trend is up on that and will continue to go up as Bluetooth continues to come down in price and customers demand it as a feature they want.  So, we see the Bluetooth business going forward as quite healthy. As we get additional customers, as the attach rate goes up and as we have the opportunity to create bundles of Bluetooth and additional technologies together to great higher end chips.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wu - Global Crown Capital.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital:  Yes, can you talk a little bit more about this television business that you're in? Do you supply the whole chain, the front end, back-end, in an SoC chip or is it just one part of a television solution? I guess there are a couple of incumbents in the LCD screen. What do you attribute your ability to beat out a Trident or ATI Technologies?
Henry Samueli:  This is Henry. I can answer that. The solution we have is a complete front-end and back-end solution. On the front end, demodulator as well as all the back-end video, decoder and signal processing, image signal processing functions, all integrated on a single chip.  What gives us the ability to beat out some of the incumbents there is our strong legacy in set-top box technology. We have been the leader in cable and set-top box front-end and back-end solutions, and the DTV solutions are very similar to what you need in a set-top box, so we were able to leverage all of that R&D investment over the last ten years in set-top boxes to develop our single-chip DTV solutions to come out with the most integrated solutions in the world.
Scott McGregor:  A good example, one of our customers has an existing solution that uses three boards and by going to Broadcom, they got one relatively small board and saved $20 in bill of materials, which in a TV set is huge.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co.
 Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co.: Thanks. You guys talked a lot about 802.11n and that initial ramp. Can you talk a little bit about what you are seeing in the 802.11g space?
Scott McGregor:  Well, thanks for asking that, because in Q2, we saw strength trend in our g business as well, so I would say that the double-digit growth we saw in Q2 was about half attributed to strength in g and the rest was the launch of n, so that business is alive and healthy.  We see that business having a lot of legs going forward, because not only do we have n but Broadcom will also roll out a family of embedded products over the course of the year that will start becoming available as well.
 Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co.:  Was that strength generally due to share shifts or largely just end-market strength?
Scott McGregor:  I would say probably a combination of both.
 Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co.:  Okay. Just a follow-up on the TV questions. I don't want to beat a dead horse here, but with respect to TVs, when do you expect that to be say 5% of the broadband division?
Scott McGregor:  That's not a dead horse, that's a galloping horse. No, we don't break it out, so I will decline to speculate on when it's 5%, but we see that as a growth driver definitely for us going forward, 2006-2007.
 Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co.:  You can't give any kind timeframe as to when you would likely see that kind of growth?
Henry Samueli:  No, at most what we are going to be able to do is talk about the platforms as our customers bring them to market.
 Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co.:  Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Palmer - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey.
Jeff Palmer - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but I will try to dig in on two here. Scott, can you give a little more color on the Bluetooth situation? I guess I might be slow and I'm just not quite understanding your comment on the situation this quarter.
Scott McGregor: Say more. What don't you understand or what would you like to know more about?
Jeff Palmer - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey:  Well, it sounds like the Bluetooth business has a temporary lull, as you described it, but is there share shifts or what is actually going on in that business, given that the handset volumes for most of the vendors were pretty robust this quarter?
Scott McGregor:  Yes. In Q2, we don't expect any share shifts. We think it's just an inventory overshoot. Some of the very rapid growth we saw contributed to that. But we see ongoing growth for Bluetooth going forward. We see this as a relatively temporary lull, a little bit in Q2, a little bit in Q3 but then we see solid growth from there. It is not a share shift. We didn't see any share shift in Q2.
Jeff Palmer - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey:  Okay, so your large customer that you noted that you do have 100% share on, that was not loss of share there? That was just temporary ordering patterns?
Scott McGregor: We don't believe that was a factor in Q2. That could become a factor in Q3 and Q4 but as I said before, that's more than offset by additional gains we will have in other customers.
Jeff Palmer - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Okay. Can you give us some color on HSDPA? Are you actually shipping products now to customers for revenue, or are you just at a design win stage at this point? And maybe an outlook for how that's going to play out over the next several quarters?
Scott McGregor:  We are sampling a chip at this point. We don't actually have revenue shipments on HSDPA, but we do have what we believe is the best technology out there. We are the only ones with a single monolithic HSDPA chip. There's some other guys out there with a dual-package system, two chips in a SIP, but we've got a single monolithic chip that does that and that's pretty good technology. We think it can be both price effective and it is significantly smaller than some of the other solutions, which is a factor in these phones. So again, we have design wins at this point but not revenue yet.
Jeff Palmer - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Okay. Then moving over to the Wireless LAN segment, you commented earlier about the strength in g. Do you expect, at some point in the next few quarters, that you might get an actual slowdown or kind of a pause as consumers say why buy g if I can wait for n, which is just about here?
Scott McGregor:  So far, there's a significant price difference between n and g, so I think they both have their market niches. You know, in the long run, I expect most of the PC market to convert over to n. It's just a better technology; it has longer reach and significantly better performance.  I think, as the n solutions get tuned up and as the price starts coming down, it will be the logical successor to g. I think the g technology will persist longer in the embedded space or the portable space, where power consumption is the primary factor. They don't necessarily need the high-performance that you get with n.
Jeff Palmer - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey:  Okay. I think that will do it for me for right now. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Bill Lewis  JP Morgan.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Thank you. I'd like to ask a bit about the set-top box business. Bill, could you talk about what drove the decline in DBS, how the outlook is there? Then on the cable set-top box side, that has remained strong and has been very strong. How have your shipments into that compared to end consumption? Essentially, do you run the risk that there might be an inventory build coming in that end market?
Bill Ruehle:  So first of all, Bill, in terms of the DBS business, I think there was a little bit of an overshoot on inventories there at actually a couple of customers. We expect that that's going to turn around fairly quickly. It was a minor shift, as I said. In terms of cable set-top box, yes, that business has been robust and periodically there have been inventory issues on that. It's difficult see whether there might be something. 
Scott McGregor:  Well, remember that the growth is not entirely driven by units; it's being driven also by ASP increase with more voice penetration, so that doesn't lead you to inventory issues if your growth is coming from ASP increase. So that helps us in that space.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan:  So essentially you have kind of done the analysis on sell in versus consumption and feel comfortable where the inventory is there?
Bill Ruehle:  Yes.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan:  Then one last question if I could. Just back on gross margins, has there been a change in any pricing trends? For example, you're guiding gross margins lower next quarter, you know, but the cost side I don't imagine is changing a lot. Is there a change in some of the pricing trends?  Then I guess related to that, at what point are you going to be able to layer in lower wafer cost pricing, assuming that it takes time to work its way through your inventory and financials? Is that something that can start to contribute positively in the fourth quarter or is that really next year?
Bill Ruehle:  First of all, in terms of pricing trends, I would say it's pretty much as it normally is. If anything, maybe there's a little less pricing pressure right at the moment. But we have so many product lines on average across the board, it really isn't particularly meaningful. In terms of when we could get new pricing incorporated, it would be obviously with new wafer starts and typically it's about a 12-weeks cycle time, so we could start to see some of those benefits in the fourth quarter, probably more than in the first quarter.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan:  Okay. All right, thank you very much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Shelby Seyrafi - Kaufman Brothers.
 Shelby Seyrafi - Kaufman Brothers: Yes, thank you very much. So, you're guiding for 900 million. That's down around 4% sequentially in the September quarter. Can you help us with the three major buckets, what kind of sequential growth rates we should be thinking about for those three buckets?
Bill Ruehle:  No, we typically don't give that kind of granularity on our guidance.
 Shelby Seyrafi - Kaufman Brothers: But I mean, you've talked about the fastest-growing segment. For example, you said mobile and wireless last quarter. Any kind of comment like that?
Scott McGregor:  I think, at a very high level, each one of them will be flat to down slightly on a Q-to-Q basis.
 Shelby Seyrafi - Kaufman Brothers:  Okay. On the inventory build, it looks like you had builds at Bluetooth, mobile multimedia, DBS, Ethernet switching. Two questions here. What else am I missing in the inventory build? Secondly, why do you think so many segments had the inventory build? Was there a quick slowdown in demand? How can you be so confident it's going to turn around?
Bill Ruehle:  There are different situations in the different areas. First of all, if you take a look at the DSL area, that one was actually as a result of a very rapid ramp we had to get from nowhere in that market to arguably the number one position in a fairly short period of time, and a lot of pressure from our customers as they kept increasing their demand forecasts.  This always happens. Whenever there is a shortage, people tend to over-order a little bit because they don't want to get caught short again, and they overreact and then there's some working off period. So that was definitely the case in the DSL business. In the Ethernet switching business, I think it was probably a little more broadly based. That's something that Wall Street has been talking about now for quite some time, and that's one of the cycles that happens in that business. That is a more generalized trend. In our case, in the baseband handset business, we have currently a very small base of customers in that space, so for one customer to be doing a model transition is painful for us in that space. It would be unusual. You know, in any given quarter, there's something like this going on someplace. It's unusual to have it hit in three places all at once, just as we've had some other unusual situations earlier in the year where everything was just going very strongly all at once.  Typically, most of the businesses are up and a couple of them are down. We've had cases this year where they have all been up, and now we have a case coming up in this next quarter where maybe about half of them are going to be down on this pause.  My experience in the networking business, the third quarter is always a slow quarter.
 Shelby Seyrafi - Kaufman Brothers:  Thank you.
Operator: That was our final question. We will now close the Q&A session and I will turn the call over to Scott McGregor for closing comments. 
Scott McGregor:  Before we end the call, I wanted to reiterate the takeaways from the discussion we had today. I hope you got an appreciation for the large, diverse and growing opportunities we have at Broadcom. We spent a considerable amount of time talking about the rebalancing activities that do have a negative impact in Q3, but I hope you also got an appreciation for the design win momentum and favorable product cycles that are driving us in Q4 to see those revenues ahead of what we reported in Q2.  Also, as our end markets and end products are converging, we believe that Broadcom's competitive situation does continue to improve, which gives us a good story for the future. So with that, thank you very much. I will end the call. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Peter Andrew - VP, Investor Relations  Scott McGregor - President & CEO  Bill Ruehle - CFO  Henry Samueli - Chief Technical Officer
Analysts: Ambrish Srivastava - Harris Nesbitt  Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse  Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus  Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers  Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley  Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank  Jeremy Bunting - Thomas Weisel Partners  Alex Gauna - UBS  Doug Lee - Goldman Sachs  Charlie Glavin - Needham & Co.  Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co.  Jeff Palmer - Friedman Billings  Bill Lewis - JP Morgan  Han Lee - Global Crown Capital  Shelby Seyrafi - Kaufman Brothers  Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch 
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Broadcom conference call. (Operator Instructions) Your speakers are Scott McGregor, Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer; Henry Samueli, Broadcom's Chief Technical Officer and Co-Founder; Bill Ruehle, Broadcom's Chief Financial Officer; and Peter Andrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew. 
Peter Andrew: Thank you, Christine. Before I turn the call over to Scott, I would like to remind everyone we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue, gross margin, and operating expense targets for the second quarter of 2006; or any other future periods. And, statements about prospects for our various businesses in the development status and planned availability of new products. It should be clearly understood that our actual results may differ substantially from the forward- looking statements we make today.  Specific factors that may affect our business and future results are discussed in the risk factors sections of our 2005 Form 10-K and forthcoming 10-Q and in our other SEC filings. A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of today's press release. As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason.  As you may have noticed, beginning this quarter we have eliminated the non-GAAP statement of operations in the earnings release. We are instead including a series of footnotes to provide details on our GAAP to Non-GAAP adjustments related to specific functional line items. The earnings release describes the differences between our Non-GAAP and GAAP reporting and presents a reconciliation between the two for the periods reported.  We have also filed an 8-K with the SEC today with additional information regarding why Broadcom believes that these Non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some limitations associated with the use of these measures. The 8-K can be accessed on the SEC website or via the investors section of our website. Please also see the investors section of our website for GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations going back to beginning of 2004, as well as for additional financial information and statistical information, including the information disclosed in accordance with SEC regulation G. With that, let me turn the call over to Scott.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. The first quarter was another strong quarter for Broadcom. During the quarter, we grew revenue nearly 10% quarter on quarter to just over $900 million, another record level for Broadcom. We grew cash and marketable securities by nearly $440 million, to a record $2.3 billion level. Our nearly 10% sequential revenue growth in the first calendar quarter shows that our results continue to be driven more by product cycles than the calendar, as the semiconductor industry is typically down sequentially in the Q1 versus Q4.  That said, seasonality did negatively impact some of our lines of business, such as mobile multimedia, but that impact was more than offset by revenue momentum in other lines of business. Product cycles can spur growth not only in newer end markets such as BlueTooth and 802-11n but also in established end markets.  A perfect example of this is that in Q1 of revenue from our broadband communication products grew over 30% sequentially. Broadcom was founded to provide silicon for cable modems and cable set-top boxes, which even today makes up a large proportion of total revenue from broadband communications markets. In Q1, each of those lines of business experienced strong revenue, sequential and year-over-year revenue growth.  So why after 10 years are these lines of business growing? The answer is convergence and communications. The convergence of personal video recording and high-definition processing within cable set-top boxes and the convergence of voice, Ethernet switching and wireless LAN into cable modems are enabling these lines of business to grow significantly even after 10 years of shipping product.  These same trends of convergence and communications are driving growth within our satellite set-top box and the DSL lines of business. Broadcom is uniquely positioned to drive these trends in convergence and communications. Our broad and expanding product line and intellectual property portfolio, along with our track record of execution, allow our customers to bring new products to market that enables seamless access to voice, video and data, over both wired and wireless networks. I will go into more detail on how Broadcom is benefiting from these trends in a few minutes, but first I will turn it over to Bill to give an overview of our Q1 and our guidance for Q2.
Bill Ruehle: Thank you, Scott. Q106 growth continued to be very positive. Our record quarterly revenue of $900.6 million was up more than $80 million or 9.8% in Q4. Our revenue was up more than $350 million, or over 63% from Q1 of '05. Our non-GAAP gross margin of 52.9% was down 20 basis points from last quarter, in line with our guidance.  Our total non-GAAP operating expense was up $19.2 million or 8.2% from Q4, which is less than the rate of our revenue increase. Our non-GAAP operating margin increased to 24.7%, up from 24.4% of revenue in Q4. Our non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.36 was up from $0.34 last quarter. Both EPS numbers and all share numbers have been adjusted to reflect the 3 for 2 split affected in February.  On a GAAP reporting basis, our EPS was $0.22. Of the $0.14 difference between GAAP and non-GAAP EPS, substantially all of it was due to stock-based compensation, including the impact of the new FASB-123R statement regarding the expensing of employee stock options. Cash and marketable securities on hand increased by $438 million for the quarter, leaving us with a balance of $2.3 billion. Our free cash flow for Q1 -- that is cash flow from operations less capital expenditures -- was $216 million.  In our January call we said we expected Q1 revenue to be in a range of $865 million to $875 million, a mid single-digit percentage increase over Q4. We said at that time we believed some of the strong product cycles we were experiencing would more than offset any seasonal declines we would experience in some of our businesses. At $900.6 million, our Q1 revenue being up 9.8% over Q4, or $80 million, was inline with that.  We expected our strongest growth to come from broadband, and it did. Our total broadband revenue was up 30% over Q4. We had strong increases in each of our principal lines of business. That would include direct broadcast satellite, DSL, cable set-top boxes and cable modems from our mainstream product lines, and digital TV as an emerging business, which is growing off a much smaller base.  In total, our broadband business was up almost 60% over the same quarter in Q1 2005. Our enterprise networking business was approximately 1% quarter over quarter and up more than 30% from Q1 of 2005. Our mobile and wireless business was down approximately 1% quarter over quarter, though up more than 140% compared to Q1 of 2005.  In Q1 of 2006 we experienced strong sequential growth in Bluetooth and wireless LAN, in a quarter that many were expecting would be affected by seasonal softness. We did experience a seasonal decline in our mobile multimedia business that offset the gains in Bluetooth and wireless LAN.  In terms of revenue distribution for Q1, broadband communications accounted for approximately 37% of total revenue; Mobile and wireless for 29%; and Enterprise networking for 34%. In Q1 we had two customers, each of whom accounted for 10% or more of our revenue. That was Motorola and Cisco. The Cisco results now including our shipments to Scientific Atlanta.  Our Q1 non-GAAP gross margin at 52.9% was down 20 basis points from 53.1% reported last quarter. That margin was up 80 points from the 52.1% we recorded one year ago.  In terms of operating expense, our total non-GAAP operating expenses of $254 million in Q1 were up $19.2 million, which was an 8.2% increase from last quarter. We had an increase of $8.5 million in R&D, a 5.1% increase; and an increase of $10.7 million of SG&A, a 15.8% increase. The R&D increase was primarily from the addition of 250 head count, which includes 45 from our Sandburst acquisition. The SG&A increase was primarily driven by higher legal costs and additional headcount.  Our total OpEx in Q106 was up a little over 31% from Q105, which is less than half the rate of our revenue growth from that period. We increased our total company head count from Q4 by 318, to a worldwide total of 4,605. This includes over 3,250 people in engineering, which still represents just over 70 percent of our total head count.  Our annualized revenue per employee for Q1 was $782,000 up from $766,000 in the previous quarter and up substantially from the $617,000 we reported in Q1 of 2005.  Turning to profitability, in Q1 on a non-GAAP basis we generated operating profit of $222.2 million 24.7% of revenue. This operating margin was up 30 basis points from last quarter and up 760 basis points from the 17.1% we reported in Q1 of 2005.  Our non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.36, up $0.02 from last quarter and up $0.21 from the $0.15 we reported a year ago. On a GAAP basis, we reported an operating profit of $112.8 million. The GAAP operating profit includes, for the first time, the impact of FAS-123R calling for the expensing of employee stock options. Our total charge in the quarter for stock-based compensation -- which includes all restricted share units, employee options acquired through business commendations and options granted to employees and directors, was $93.7 million for Q1. If 123R had been in effect for the first quarter year ago, the charts for Q1 of 2005 would have been $142 million.  Our GAAP diluted EPS was a positive $0.22 cents. The $0.14 reduction between GAAP and non-GAAP EPS is substantially all related to stock-based compensation. In Q105 our GAAP EPS as reported was $0.13. If 123R had been in effect then, we would have reported a GAAP loss of $0.12 per share. When you look at our financial statements you'll notice that under GAAP accounting rules our weighted average shares outstanding diluted were 602 million; under Non-GAAP the total was 618 million. This difference is driven by the effect of 123R expenses on the rules for applying the Treasury Stock Method to weighted average shares outstanding calculation. The accounting principles behind this calculation are a bit beyond the scope of this conference call, but they are explained in greater detail in the 8-K. When we calculate our non-GAAP EPS, we were conservative and used a higher share count because we're not including the options expenses in non-GAAP numbers.  Turning to balance sheet, we continued our ability to generate substantial positive cash flow, increasing total cash million marketable securities by $438 million to an all-time high of $2.3 billion. Our cash flow from operations was $231 million. Our free cash flow -- which subtracts cash flow from operations, it takes away capital purchases -- was $216 million.  Large disbursements during the quarter included $68 million for acquisition costs -- our Sandburst acquisition -- and $94 million in pursuit of our stock buyback program. On the cash positive side we collected approximately $385 million from employee stock option exercises.  Our inventory balances increased slightly from 46 days to 48 days, remaining within our target range of seven to eight turns. 48 days is equivalent to 7.5 turns. Our DSO increased from 34 days to 36, which is the same as what we reported in Q3 of '05 and is well within our target range. Our shipments in Q1 were still very linear, but in Q4 they were more front-end loaded as customers needed their parts in time for the holiday filling.  In our January call we announced two capitalization initiatives, an increase in our authorized share buyback program, and a 3 for 2 stock split to be effected in the form of a stock dividend. For the quarter ended March 31st, we invested $94 million in open market purchases of our Class A common stock, retiring a total of 2.1 million shares. During that same period we granted employee stock options restricted share units totalling 3.6 million shares. Our 3 for 2 stock split was effective as of February 21st. Please note that all prior period figures for shares outstanding and EPS have been adjusted to reflect this.  In the first quarter we have continued to see particularly strong product cycle driven demand in our broadband business sector and some expected downturn or flatness in some of our more seasonally impacted businesses. As we look to Q2, we expect revenues to be up between 3% and 5% to a total of between $930 million and $945 million. We expect our strongest sectors to be broadband and mobile and wireless.  We believe that gross margin for Q2 on a Non-GAAP basis will be slightly down versus Q1, probably in the range of 10 to 20 basis points. We expect that non-GAAP operating expenses will increase by more than our expected revenue increases in Q1. The two largest items driving the expected increase will be the effect of our annual focal salary reviews, which were effective from April 7, and higher [mask set] expenses related to a number of chip takeouts in Advanced Technologies, including 90 and 65 nanometers. We expect our cash flow generation to once again be quite strong [as in Q1]. Now I would like to turn the call back to Scott to talk more about our business. 
Scott McGregor: Thanks, Bill. I will now give a few highlights of recent developments in our target end markets before opening the call to Q&A. As Bill mentioned, broadband communications grew revenue over 30% sequentially as each of the lines of business experienced strong revenue growth in the first quarter, generating over $330 million in revenue. Furthermore, with revenue growth of over 30% sequentially, we're like the fastest-growing in this market.  We experienced strong revenue growth in both cable and satellite set-top boxes driven by end markets subscriber growth, continued strong interest in next generation features and functions such as PVR, personal video recorders and high definition driving an upward bias in ASPs; and, customer and product expansion within the satellite set-top box market.  Highlighting our success and enabling our customers to bring to market next generation solutions, both EchoStar and DirecTV rolled out their first MPEG 4 ABC set-top box offerings, using Broadcom's back end decoder solutions.  Early in the quarter at CES we announced two new front end solutions for the set-top box markets. For the cable set-top box market, we announced a new front-end chip that uses DOCSIS 3.0 channel-binding technology to dramatically increase the transmission speed of cable TV networks. Broadcom is ensuring that the cable MSOs have a road map to keep up with the fiber to curb build outs by the telecom operators.  For the satellite set-top box market, we announced our entry and to the DVB-S2 market and leapfrogged our competition by bringing out a dual tuner, dual modulator solution. We expect this solution to have excellent success as we continue to expand both our customer list and our product offerings in this market.  While some of our competitors are reporting seasonal weakness in broadband modems, Broadcom experienced a strong quarter driven by both units and ASP expansion. Units grew as we clearly attained additional market share in the DSL market and ASPs rose due to a growing customer interest in integrating voice, wireless LAN and switching into their cable and DSL modem offerings.  As we look into 2006 and beyond, in addition to growth opportunities within each of our core broadband communications business, we have additional opportunities in digital TV and new HD DVD platforms.  Turning to our enterprise networking target market, we were pleased to see that last week the Linley Group highlighted our leadership position with the total Ethernet IC market and noted that Broadcom grew its revenue in 2005 faster than any other supplier, meaning that we gained additional market share. A few highlights of the report included, within the total Ethernet IC market, Broadcom's revenues were over twice the size of our closest competitor. In gigabit Ethernet switches, Broadcom's revenues were more than three times the size of our next closest competitor and we outgrew them nearly two to one in 2005.  In gigabits Ethernet 5, Broadcom's revenues were more than twice the size of our closest competitor and grew nearly 60% while the next closest competitor was flat year-over-year.  On the gigabit Ethernet client side, we achieved our 100 millionth gigabit Ethernet controller shipment. In addition, according to Deloro Group, Broadcom maintained its number one market share position for the sixth quarter in a row with more than three times the market share our next closest competitor. We have been able to achieve and maintain this position by continuing to focus on bringing the latest and greatest functionality to the tier 1, PC, notebook, and server vendors.  In Q2 we expect revenue contribution from the expansion of our gigabit Ethernet product line into two new incremental areas. The first area is the white box market in which we plan to offer a solution specifically tailored to meet the needs of this market. Secondly, we plan to expand our server offering into a new segment with our C-NIC, or converged NIC, product line which integrates TCP-IP offload, RDMA, iSCSI, all on a gigabit Ethernet controller.  Briefly on the server I/0 market, we also expect to ramp within AMD-based servers as they roll out their next generation microprocessor line. On the infrastructure side, the key message in the quarter was we are continuing to expand our reach across all dimensions of the networking equipment market from SMB through enterprise to metro. In the SMB market, Net Gear began shipping a new line of products utilizing our highly integrated five and eight port robot switches. In the Enterprise market, we brought to market the industry's first 20 port 10 gigabit Ethernet switching solution. This is important as we believe we are now seeing signs that the 10 gigabit Ethernet market is emerging. We are shipping this product to numerous tier 1 networking vendors as we leverage our leadership position in gigabit Ethernet into the 10 gigabit Ethernet market. In the metro market, we closed the acquisition of Sandburst Corporation, which brought Broadcom deeper into the enterprise core switch and router market and into the metro Ethernet market. While this acquisition is relatively recent, we are already seeing traction on two levels. First of all, we have formed significant metro and enterprise designs with tier 1 networking vendors in both Japan and the United States. Second, we benefit overall from having a more complete solution, allowing us to sell the Sandburst packet processor, traffic manager and switch, as well as our [5s, 30], optical and broadband processors. We haven't talked much about our broadband processor or optical business in a while, but both of these areas experienced strong growth in the quarter, driven by strength in the enterprise and metro switching and router markets. In mobile and wireless, overall we were down slightly in the quarter as strong growth in VoIP, Bluetooth and wireless LAN were more than offset by seasonality in our mobile multimedia products. VoIP was strong in the quarter, driven by demand for enterprise-class IP phones at four of the top five vendors in this market.  In addition, we continued growth in the enterprise VoIP space. We envision new opportunities as we look into the latter part of 2006 and beyond. These are driven by our recently announced relationship with Vonage, which is the largest residential VoIP carrier in North America; and, the ramp of our wireless LAN enabled VoIP phones to the enterprise consumer. Stay tuned here for announcements as this market develops. Bluetooth continue to experience another strong quarter, once again showing how product cycles can compensate for the seasonality that some of our peers dealt with in the first calendar quarter. A few weeks ago, IMS Research named Broadcom as the market share leader in providing Bluetooth solutions to the cell phone market. Broadcom continues to focus on and is succeeding at forming strategic relationships with high-volume customers in this market, rather than trying to capture every available design win. As we look to the rest of 2006 and into 2007, we envision continued Bluetooth revenue opportunities driven by increased penetration into cell phones, growth in the PC and notebook space as Bluetooth starts to get embedded within more platforms; and, we expect to get additional tier 1 Bluetooth customers as we ramp our Bluetooth plus FM radio product. Longer term, as the fiscal layer of Bluetooth transitions to UWB, we are already working on ensuring that our Bluetooth software profiles will once again be a key differentiator.  Wireless LAN was strong in the quarter due to continued demand for 80211G as we grew both unit and ASP in the first quarter. As the market begins to transition to 80211N, we are leveraging our leadership position in G into the N space g into the n space and have already been shipping products in production volume since earlier this month. You've already seen some of our customers announce shipping products based on our intensified NBase solutions, and we expect more customers to make similar announcements shortly. We expect new Broadcom-powered N solutions to be on the shelves of the top U.S. retailers by the end of this month.  While there seems to be a mad rush of press releases with everyone claiming to be the first to market with N, Broadcom again looks to form long-term relationships with our customers and to being part of their volume platforms. Based on the business awarded to date, we believe that we will have about 75% of the U.S. retail volume for 80211N in 2006. Our mobile multimedia products experienced a down quarter in Q1 as our largest customer in that space noted seasonally driven volume declines in this product category last night during their quarterly earnings call. We continue to lead the industry in mobile multimedia by providing the highest quality audio and video while utilizing the lowest level of power. In addition, we are investing aggressively to bring out next generation solutions that will enable Broadcom to further penetrate the 900 million unit cell phone market as well as the portable media market.  In cellular base band, we remain on track with respect to our anticipated 3G rollout in Q2. While initial volumes will be small, if we're successful with these first phones we believe there are larger opportunities for Broadcom as we look our over the course of the next year and beyond.  Shipment of this solution is a significant step forward for our penetration into cellular base band market. To help accelerate our penetration into 3G, we announced our Celerity mobile platform. Celerity is a modular software and hardware platform that provides pre-integrated solutions for all of the critical components required for today's advanced mobile devices, including feature-rich functionality, 2G and 3G cellular capability, multimedia acceleration and support for both Bluetooth and WiFi connectivity.  Many investors have asked us why a cellular phone manufacturer would change base band suppliers. The reason is that Broadcom is widely recognized as having a leadership position in many of the surrounding silicon areas such as mobile multimedia and Bluetooth, and can now claim a technology leadership position in the base band itself after making two significant product announcements in Q1. The first was NStream. This is a revolutionary signal processing algorithm for handsets that provides significant quality and capacity improvements for 2G and 3G cellular networks without any change required by carriers or infrastructure. Utilizing cell phones powered by Broadcom's NStream technology, service providers will experience improved voice quality, coverage and data integrity and low signal areas, as well as increased capacity on existing cellular networks. Leading handset manufacturers and cellular operators are currently NStream technology.  Second, we announced the world's first single chip, and by that we mean a single monolithic chip rather than a SIP, or system in package; 7.2 megabits per second HSDPA solution. The new chip integrates a complete category 8 HSDPA modem, advanced TSP and multimedia functionality, and high performance Arm 11 applications processor. It also supports a 5 mega pixel camera, multimedia encode and decode at 30 frames a second at [SPIF] and [QBGA] resolutions and security processors for digital rights management. We believe these two state of the art developments mark Broadcom's emergence as a top tier cellular technology provider.  With respect to our litigation matters with Qualcomm; we don't normally comment on litigation while its ongoing, however given the magnitude of our current litigation effort, I think a few comments are in order. I am sure you appreciate we can't go into details though, with respect to ongoing litigation. Regarding the complaint in the International Trade Commission trial of the liability portion of our patent infringement claims against Qualcomm recently concluded. Although we do not yet know the result, we are very pleased with how the hearing went. The judge will issue his initial determination in August following a hearing on remedy issues in July.  The ITC action was the first of several patent disputes between our two companies to go to trial. In total we have alleged that Qualcomm baseband, RF and power management products infringe 16 different Broadcom patents. The other cases are going through their normal processes of discovery and [marksman] hearings. Our antitrust case against Qualcomm in New Jersey and the investigation of Qualcomm by the European Commission are both still in their early stages. It is all a work in progress and an investment in the future of our cellular and mobile businesses. It is also an initiative to obtain appropriate recognition by Qualcomm of the significant intellectual property that Broadcom has developed in many areas related to the wireless space.  Today we hold over 1,400 U.S. patents and have approximately 5,400 additional U.S. and foreign patent applications in process. They cover many of the enhanced functions that are being incorporated into 3G cell phones and other mobile and wireless devices. We are investing aggressively in our IP portfolio and have done so for several years.  To summarize overall, Broadcom had a strong Q1 and we're making the investments to deliver growth going forward. We believe our broad and growing product line, coupled with our intellectual property portfolio and strong execution track record will enable our customers to deliver seamless access to voice, video, and data over wired and wireless networks.  As a result, we expect to continue to outgrow the overall semiconductor industry as we have done in every year so far. With that, I would like to now turn it over to Christine for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator instructions) The first question comes from Ambrish Srivastava - Harris Nesbitt.
Ambrish Srivastava - Harris Nesbitt: Thank you. I will start off with a tough question, be the bad guy. On wireless 3G, when you say you are going to start shipments in the second quarter, should we expect to see specific customer announcements? How do we gauge the progress? Because there is a lot of confusion in my mind as well as several other investors as to what is going on with the litigation. Does that prevent you from shipping chips? Thanks -- and I have a few follow-ups as well.
Scott McGregor: Ambrish, that is a fair question and let me explain. I would say the litigation is slowing us down from naming customers a little bit, we are being a little more cautious there, but it is not slowing us down from shipping product. We have purchase orders in place and we will not only be shipping but we expect our customer to ship product in this quarter.
Ambrish Srivastava - Harris Nesbitt: A couple of follow-ups then. Bill, if you could please contrast what you are seeing in the supply chain versus last quarter? Specifically with respect to tightness on the front end and the back end. Are you seeing any customer pull in so far? Or, has that situation alleviated? Specifically going into second quarter, how does the supply chain look?
Bill Ruehle: I would say that the supply chain right now, if anything, is a little bit easier than it was at this time a quarter ago, which actually is to be expected given the time of the year. We continue to be able to -- as long as we get orders that are outside our normal lead time, we have had no problems fulfilling those orders. Where we have challenges is when we get customer orders that are inside our lead time where they may want four to six week lead time on a product that takes 14 to 16 weeks to build. The build time is compressing a little bit, but I would not say it is anything dramatic.
Ambrish Srivastava - Harris Nesbitt: One last question; how would you characterize the Ethernet switching market outside of the convergence that clearly you guys are doing a very good job at? Did they get it correct that this segment, the Ethernet switching related enterprise would be down over second quarter as well?
Bill Ruehle: We did not mean to imply that. Probably what you are referring to is the fact that I said I thought our growth would be lead by broadband and mobile and wireless. I did not mean to imply by that that Ethernet would be down. The gig market still looks quite strong, in particular the trend of penetration of gigabit -- do you recall what that is?
Peter Andrew: The latest data for L2 and L3 switching shows that gigi penetration was still only at about 36% in Q4 versus 25% a year ago, so we are still very early in the eventual migration over gigabit Ethernet.
Ambrish Srivastava - Harris Nesbitt: Okay, thanks Peter. Then just to close out, on the client side you are almost done, correct?
Peter Andrew: Almost done in terms of penetration?
Ambrish Srivastava - Harris Nesbitt: Yes.
Peter Andrew: On the enterprise class PC we are probably up in the 80% range plus in terms of adoption of gigabit Ethernet. We still have some client applications as well as some new applications appearing in other devices such as printers and gaming stations.
Ambrish Srivastava - Harris Nesbitt: Okay, great. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse.
 Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Let me ask that one question about the lawsuits. Isn't there a risk to your customer that they want to ramp up, that if this lawsuit goes against you they would have some issues there? Or are they not seeing it that way? On the wireless side, that is.
Scott McGregor: Michael, that gets into the details. I am afraid that is something I can't talk about right now.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: I'll pass on that one then. Another question I think I will through out there is, as you are getting broader and broader in your portfolio, at some point here does something change operationally for you guys? Are there any issues with design and leveraging design, or product ramps, inventory risks? Is it getting tough to manage this big of an organization?
Scott McGregor: I don't think so. One of the things that I certainly looked at coming to the Company a year ago was, how do we scale the Company? I think we've got a fairly contained space in the communications space where we get a lot of reuse in all of our IT, and we have structured it as lines of business that are fairly autonomous and can run their own businesses. That seems to be working pretty well. We've got good scope of management, we've got strong managers in the businesses and so I feel pretty good that we can continue to scale the Company from where we are.
Peter Andrew: I also want to take it a little bit further. If you take a look at some new growth areas for us that have recently started to grow quite a bit, it's been more the broadband modems as they start to integrate other functionality that has historically been a discreet function. So such things as WIFI access points, voice MTAs going to broadband modems. These markets are just now really starting to converge.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: I guess to follow up on that a piece. As you converge more and more of certain pure play companies' functionality into what you're doing, what kind of competitive responses are you seeing? Do you get worried when you start to take a company's whole livelihood away that you're going to see some irrational sort of competition?
Scott McGregor: Well there's always a risk. What many companies do if they feel threatened is they cut their price to try and hang onto sockets. What our strategy is with our broad IP portfolio is we do integration of all the different technologies. So we end up eliminating sockets. It's pretty hard to compete if the socket that you're in today has been eliminated by being integrated into a larger SOC.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: On the TV side, is that how you think about differentiation for you guys? It's just that the additional functionality or are you going to be competing on a head-to-head basis based on performance and the quality of chips, et cetera?
Scott McGregor: You're referring to the TV market, right?
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: TV market, yes.
Scott McGregor: In digital TV I'd say there are a variety of players in that market today. Some are capable of doing full SOCs, or nearly so. Then there's some that have niche sockets such as particular audio sockets or tuners or things like that. I think the guys who have the niches, whether it's scalers or tuners or audio or stuff like that, are in trouble because those sockets will go away. The ones we'll end up competing with going forward are more the ones who can do a full SOC because the industry really wants a single chip digital television. It's just a question of how do they get there and how quickly can we get the functionality necessary for it? But today we do have single chip integrated digital televisions that we're offerings to customers. That is the basis on which we expect to see a ramp the second half of this year and into next year.
Michael Masdea - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Cody Acree from Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: You're the second large player in the last couple of days to point to health in the coms infrastructure market particularly. Can you maybe talk a little bit about what it is that you see shaping that environment? Is it mainly this product transition into an upgrade like Gigabit Ethernet? Or is it just more of a broad spending? What do you think we will see from the remainder of the year?
Scott McGregor: Well, I'd say it's a combination of things. I think it is certainly what you said. It is also a combination of new product cycles, and frankly it's also we are also able to take some share. So it's the combination of those that I think allow us to see that growth.
Bill Ruehle: I think the convergence also is a major theme that we see and the fact that we have so many different technologies to bring to any particular solution and the demand is now really materializing for that kind of solution.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Can you handicap where you think we are in this trend? It sounds like this is the first time in a little while that we've really been able to focus on this as maybe an upside driver. Are we in the early stages and expect it to continue, or is this shorter-term?
Scott McGregor: I would say it's a long-term trend because certainly some of the SOCs we have today, as the devices combine themselves, those SOCs will need to combine. So I don't think this is a short-term phenomenon. I think this is something that'll be definitely a phenomenon for the next years if not the decade.
Henry Samueli: Another factor that is leading to our expanding market there is the fact that we are taking complete control of all the pieces of the product platform. We have the optical size, the copper size, the switching, the broadband processors, the security fabrics, the software platforms. So all the different aspects of a complete platform networking, much like we've done similar things in the broadband access space, and the set-top box space where we have the Pac-Man strategy of gobbling up each piece of the silicon and integrating it into an SOC. That same philosophy goes on the networking platforms as well.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Secondly, can you talk a little bit about channel and OEM inventory health? It sounds as though maybe availability has improved a bit throughout the entire supply chain. Can you just talk about what you're seeing as far as pull-ins? Did we get any benefit during the first quarter from some restocking and do you expect any of that to continue on into Q2?
Bill Ruehle: This has been a question that has been out there for some time as a Wall Street worry. Any of the data we have been able to see -- published data including from a number of Wall Street firms and others -- has not been able to locate any particular guts in inventory. There's always isolated pockets someplace. It appears that the supply and demand are in pretty good balance. There are some of our product areas where our customer's are virtually hand-to-mouth and can take everything that they can get. We have not seen anything of any substance where it is just, Okay, we have all we need for the next X number of months. That's just not happening right now. I think it is a pretty good balance.
Cody Acree - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from [Arnab Chanda] from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers: Thank you, a couple of questions, the first one for Bill. It seems like the first quarter generally tends to be seasonally slow. Clearly you had a huge cut in one of your product lines from Apple and yet you grew 10%. You're only -- maybe we've been spoiled -- only pointing to 3% to 5%. Is there any kind of lumpiness in broadband? Or is there something that is not growing or declining that's offsetting good growth there? It seems like almost all your product lines are seeing good growth. We're just not used to this kind of growth rate from Broadcom. Can you tell us something about that?
Bill Ruehle: Well, of course, one of the great strengths we have is the diversification of product lines. With over 20 different lines of business we are never going to have all of them firing on all cylinders at all time. That's particularly good on a quarter like this where, yes, there was some seasonality in some of our products that you would expect on consumer-driven products from Q4 to Q1. There are product cycles, some of which is driven by new technology being introduced, some of which is driven by some of our customers having promotional programs to drive more in demand. When you look ahead to the guidance we have given in this next quarter, it's probably less extremes on upside and less extremes on downside. It's a more balanced growth pattern than what we experienced in the quarter just ended.
Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers: Thanks, Bill. The handset business certainly has been in the eye of the storm for you guys. You talked about three design wins, 3G base, or base in general and a couple of for mobile multimedia. What's the status for that? Should we expect that to be a strong growth driver in 2006 or is it more 2007?
Scott McGregor: In 2005 we introduced the metric of number of design wins in various places because we couldn't really talk about any customers. Going forward, we want to talk about customers as they ship. So I'm not going to give you specific numbers, although I do need to tell you I feel good about the traction we're getting with the major cell phone manufacturers, and believe over time this continues to be probably our largest growth opportunity. So we're very encouraged by that. You should think of it, though, as a longer-term growth area. I think I said before that we see that Broadcom would expect to get 10% or 15% share in the market. That is something to think about over a multi-year period of time. So you should model it as a slow ramp up to a very big opportunity. We're making the investments to go do that. I don't expect it to contribute a lot of revenue in this year, but it will accelerate in each year going forward.
Henry Samueli: And Arnab, this is another area where I think our convergence theme may very well be the strongest in the entire Company. Because if you look at the cellular platform between the base band, the RF, the Bluetooth, the Wi-Fi, the mobile television; in the future you're going to add GPS, ultra wideband. It's just an endless array of technologies that are there for the taking and for the integration into single chip SOCs. I think Broadcom is as well-positioned, if not better positioned, than any company in the world to execute on that convergence roadmap.
Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers: What is the status of UMA in handsets? Where do you think you are with your Wi-Fi offering for handsets? It doesn't seem like you're in the early design win. How are you positioned there? When should we see announcements from that? Thank you.
Scott McGregor: Broadcom's initial focus was more on the high-performance 802-11 markets in retail and for PCs and in some of the game areas. We've got great design wins in that space. Frankly we spent less energy on the 802-11n lower-powered solutions for cell phones. We've since shifted a large amount of our R&D to focus on that. We have a broad range of products that will come out in that space, but we have not announced them yet. We don't like to pre-announce our products, but in this case I'll tell you that you should expect to see our very competitive products in that space in this year.
Arnab Chanda - Lehman Brothers: Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Edelstone from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Nice quarter you had again guys. I had a couple of product questions and one financial one. First on the product side, can you just give a sense now when you look at the set-top box market both in cable and satellite, what percentage now look to be HD going out with your shipments? Have you looked at the broadband modem market? What kind of percentage is now going out with voice enablement?
Scott McGregor: Sure, Mark. On the first part of the question, if you take a look at cable or satellite set-top boxes in general, roughly 40% to 50% of the units that are shipping today are what can be considered high-end, meaning that they either have HD functionality or PVR functionality.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: And penetration of voice mail on the modem side, again with your shipments?
Scott McGregor: Sure. I don't think we're going to break it out on an exact quarterly basis, but remember last quarter we did say about 30% of our DSL modems had voice; that was for Q4. We expected to exit '06 at somewhere in the 40% to 50% plus range.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Do you have a similar kind of view on cable?
Scott McGregor: Cable is right in the same general area.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: On the operating expenses, I certainly understand the guidance on the increase in compensation here for the current quarter. Are we looking at OpEx growing a couple of percentage points faster than revenues here in this quarter? Then when you look at the planning for the rest of the year, do you expect to see OpEx grow in line with revenues or do you get some leverage, especially when you get some acceleration in revenues?
Bill Ruehle: As far as the first part of that, namely the current quarter, yes, it's probably going to be a couple points above the revenue gross rate. Going forward we really have not given any guidance on the top line, so I can't give relative guidance on how we are doing on the expense line. Much of that will depend on what happens in the top line. Let me just say we are very conscious, obviously, of our expense base. Even though we had a very large increase of this year, one data point you may recall from the call, is that from this time a year ago to this time today our revenues have grown twice as fast as our operating expense has. It's gotten us a model up at 24.7% operating margin, which is above the high end of our range. So clearly we're not going to be growing at half the rate of our revenue going forward. We'll just keep at it. I think we've shown that we are able to control that pretty well and we'll do the best we can on that.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Fair enough and just one last question. If you can give some color on the ongoing litigation expenses that you are incurring today, specifically related to Qualcomm. Can you give us a sense as to what kind of burden that is?
Bill Ruehle: We don't break that out. If you look at our total SG&A expense, it is running at 1.9%. Remember that includes all of our legal expense, all of our other G&A, it includes all of our sales and marketing expense. So it is not an enormous number.
Mark Edelstone - Morgan Stanley: Hey, guys, thanks a lot. Nice job.
Scott McGregor: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: The next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, guys, and congratulations again on a good quarter. Looking at the 802-11n market, it appears that a couple of your competitors have announced design wins in there. Usually you guys aren't terribly shy with press releases like that. Just wondered if you could give us an update on your progress there and how you see the competitive dynamics in that next generation WI LAN market?
Scott McGregor: Well it was sort of a food fight, I think, on press releases. We decided we didn't particularly want to play in that. We focused our attention on just winning the business. So we believe we have designs with most of the top retail vendors in that space. Certainly we have seen both NETGEAR and Buffalo make announcements that they are shipping with our products. We expect to see more coming forward. I think the number that I said before, which should be particularly telling, is that we expect -- based on the business we know has been awarded -- that we're going to get 75% of the U.S. retail business this year. So I think press releases aside, we have been busy winning the business.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: That is always the more important side. Shifting gears a little bit, but staying with N wireless. The new HSDTA chip, the single chip solution that you introduced at CTIA. Are some of the design wins that you're talking about in 3G going to be utilizing that chip already? Or is that something that's going to be more of a very late 2006 and basically a 2007-based ramp?
Scott McGregor: That definitely takes a little longer to roll out. So we're certainly in discussion with customers on that chip. The design win cycle on that chip is a little longer. But it's quite remarkable. Actually a number of customers were quite impressed with that. They thought we could not do it. To be first out with a single chip HSDPA at the full 7.2-megabit data rate, that's twice the data rate of our competition. It blew away a lot of our customers and got them to take us much more seriously as a result. So we think that that chip will eventually find homes. It's certainly gained us credibility in the key accounts.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremy Bunting from Thomas Weisel Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Bunting - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you, one question on Wi-Fi and one question on server chipsets. Wi-Fi was up in Q1 but you mentioned Bill that it was both on units and on ASPs. I wondered if you could perhaps give us a little bit more sort of detail on that? How specifically do you count a revenue of a Wi-Fi function, which is integrated into something else? Is it actually split? Is that Wi-Fi proportion split out and put into the Wi-Fi bucket? Or is it left with DSL cable, et cetera?
Bill Ruehle: If Wi-Fi functionality is integrated into another chip, for example, in a cable modem chip or something like that, that would be go as part of the cable modem revenue. We do not try to allocate that. If it's a discrete chip then we count it as part of the Wi-Fi revenue.
Henry Samueli: I should point out today that our Wi-Fi solutions are yet not integrated in with some of the other SOCs. So when we sell a cable modem gateway it actually does have a discrete Wi-Fi chip so the revenue does go to the Wi-Fi group; or a DSL gateway that has Wi-Fi would be a discreet Wi-Fi chip today. Obviously our roadmap shows integration of Wi-Fi into all of our products. But today they're sold as discreet solutions.
Jeremy Bunting - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you. With the chipset business into servers, what do you think your market share is currently of chipsets into AMD-based server platforms? How much of that business it into high end AMD- based PCs versus AMD-based servers?
Scott McGregor: Our share with AMD is really going to take off when they roll out their next generation of servers. You'll have to ask them on the specific timing of that. But we expect that that'll be where we get significant share on those platforms. At that time we expect that our revenue we derive from AMD platforms will exceed our revenue we get from Intel platforms.
Jeremy Bunting - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Gauna from UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Gauna - UBS: Yes, Bill, I know you clarified earlier that you did not expect the necessarily enterprise to be down, but do you actually expect it to be up in the June quarter? I was wondering if you could characterize the trend line here? Is it normal seasonality? I would have perhaps expected to see some stronger growth given all the convergence trends you've been talking about on the call.
Bill Ruehle: We have not given the granularity on whether that would be up or down. Clearly it's not one of our strong drivers for the next quarter. But it's whether it's up or down, we're not prepared to give that level of granularity. The business has always been somewhat lumpy. In fact, each one of our businesses by itself, I can't think of a single business we have where there's just sort of a predictable monotonic entries by the revenue. It'd be a simpler world if it was. But that's just not the reality. So we tend to get very large orders when the orders come in. If they don't then that part of the business might be flat or down for a quarter and something else will be up. So it's never really been clear seasonal patterns. If anything, typically in the networking business the first calendar quarter tends to be a little bit slow. I certainly have that same experience in my past life in the networking business. But it's really not been dramatic. Throughout our history as we try to we try to plot seasonality and figure, Okay, what sort of a factor should we put on each quarter? It's just not possible to do that.
Alex Gauna - UBS: Okay. Switching over to the broadband access market. How big is DBS getting for you relative to the cable side of things? Where are you in terms of the DBS deployments with some of your new opportunities? I'm particularly interested in the new platforms ramping with EchoStar and DirecTV?
Bill Ruehle: Was it the size of DBS or DSL were you asking?
Alex Gauna - UBS: DBS. How large is it getting relative to your classic cable set-top box business?
Bill Ruehle: We really have four significant sized lines of business in broadband: cable modem, cable TV, DBS, and DSL. So as to which one is larger or another, there are large opportunities all over.
Scott McGregor: The second part of your question had to do with our ramp within new customers and the satellite set-top box market. We have already seen from both EchoStar and DirecTV, that they are utilizing our MPEG-4 products for the first launch of their new MPEG-4/ABC products in their own existing networks. So we're benefiting not only from the upgrade cycle to MPEG-4 but we're seeing a nice demand for still for MPEG-2 at both DirecTV and at EchoStar.
Alex Gauna - UBS: With regard to MPEG-4, is it still early ramp or has there actually been some considerable pull for channel filling?
Scott McGregor: I think that is probably a better question to ask EchoStar and DirecTV directly on.
Alex Gauna - UBS: Okay. Lastly, also, could you update us on 65 nanometer? How many products in the pipeline? How well that's progressing? What kind of results you're getting in the 65 nanometer?
Henry Samueli: R&D efforts on 65 nanometer are moving along very aggressively. I'd say we have right now about 25 different products in the pipeline being designed in 65 nanometer across all of our business groups. And those products will be completed over the next 18-month period. So it's a very strong push toward 65 nanometer across the board and we're on schedule and hitting all of our milestones.
Alex Gauna - UBS: When will the first 65 nanometer products be in volume production, do you imagine?
Henry Samueli: Volume production, it is hard to say. We certainly will be sampling them this year, but most likely next year in volume production.
Alex Gauna - UBS: Okay, thank you. Congratulations, nice quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Lee from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Doug Lee - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Just wanted to ask you a question of the mobile multimedia product. Just how you expect the opportunities to ramp both in the traditional audio MP3 market as well as in the cell phone market? Also, can you give us a progress update on the product with the integrated encore?
Scott McGregor: We continue to target two markets for our multimedia processors and multimedia devices. First of all, the stand-alone music player and video player market. That was where we saw our initial wins. But we believe the long-term biggest opportunity is in the cell phone space. We do have design wins there and we continue to look for new ones. So I can't break those out any more specifically for you, but we target both of those markets. We believe we're on track to gain additional design wins in those spaces.
Henry Samueli: Right. In terms of timing on your second question with respect to the integrated encore, we've announced that this is clearly on our product roadmap, but we wouldn't preannounce a product here on the conference call.
Doug Lee - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Just to follow-up there, in terms of the opportunities with the cell phones and the mobile multimedia in the audio market, do you see those expanding this year or is it more of a '07 timing type of thing?
Scott McGregor: There are two factors in that. One is how quickly do we win designs? Second is how rapidly does the overall multimedia market attach rate go up in the cell phone space? Both of those are moving forward. In the case of cell phones with multimedia, I believe certainly a few years from now that'll be just standard capabilities in most medium-range and up phones. At the same time, we are winning additional top tier customers. Some of them take a while to get it out there. It could take between six months to nine months from when we win a design until when we see first shipments on those.
Doug Lee - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you. Good luck.
Operator: The next question comes from Charlie Glavin from Needham & Co. Please go ahead.
Charlie Glavin - Needham & Co.: Thanks, if I could actually turn to something on the more financial side. Bill, you guys have raised cash now to double what it was last year. While you showed a pretty good chart at the November analyst meeting, showing how you've certainly learned lessons from acquisitions; what can investors expect in terms of your strategic plans sitting on over $2 billion of cash but still some gaps to be filled in?
Bill Ruehle: I think that investors should expect pretty much the type of plans we have been implementing to date. We have been -- and what apparently you're asking is -- are we about to spend a couple billion dollars on an acquisition? I think that is quite unlikely. We will continue to make acquisitions that make sense for us. You will note that since 2004 we have used cash as the currency for all of our acquisitions. We expect to do that. We did increase our share buyback program. We authorized a half a billion dollars for the year that we're in right now and we are on track in implementing that program. Beyond that we're ready to handle any emergencies that may arise. We found a strategic mix that has worked well for us between our internal organic development and supplementing those with selective acquisitions of typically early stage companies. I think you should expect to see more of that.
Charlie Glavin - Needham & Co.: Bill, I really didn't expect you to give out any sort of detailed plans and stuff. But let me get a little more hardball. In terms of, one area in which you guys have made announcements in terms of your intent to get in -- and my understanding is you recently set up a design center quietly trying to hire some new people -- that's really within the storage area, more specifically in hard disk drive. My understanding is you tried to make a couple acquisitions. One you may have gotten outbid on. Is that an approach that you're going to try and hire and do organically given the timing, particularly if you're looking at the cellular market and the integration of small form factor drives as well as some of the integration on separate attached storage would be an area that you guys would excel in. Yet surprisingly, there have not been a lot of developments. Henry, I think you made some comment in November of '04 about saying that you want to get in. Could you give us an update as far as how you will approach that?
Scott McGregor: We look to both organic growth as well as acquisitions when we want to get into spaces. So it is not one versus the other. Sometimes it is a combination of both. You asked specifically about the storage market. We continue to look at the storage market. We've got a number of products there today in the enterprise storage space, server storage space that we work on. We're always looking at new opportunities. We have not announced any further plans in that space, though.
Charlie Glavin - Needham & Co.: Any preference between the three major ones: the stats, tier, particularly [serial] that you gain with [RAD], and the small form factor as far as areas of priority?
Henry Samueli: I do not think we're going to get into that level of detail on our product roadmap or our R&D strategies. So I'd say we just did not want to address that right now.
Charlie Glavin - Needham & Co.: Thanks anyway.
Scott McGregor: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Benjamin from Jefferies & Company. Please go ahead.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co.: Thanks, guys. With respect to the satellite set-top box, which clearly showed pretty strong sequential growth in the quarter, how should we be looking in that going forward throughout the rest of this year and into '07? Should we expect that to continue to grow off this base? Or will it be lower over time?
Bill Ruehle: Let me take a shot at that. First of all, we don't give forward-looking forecasts for anything beyond the single quarter and not that level of granularity within the quarter. Just to talk about some of the dynamics in there. As you may recall, we originally grew up in that business on the strength of one customer and we have more recently branched out to a second major customer and are expanding our base business there. So, just by expanding our customer base is helping us to drive growth in that business. In addition, when we were talking earlier in Scott's remarks about the additional capabilities being added in terms of personal video recording, HD, MPEG-4, all of these have ASP increases in these items. So we continue to believe that that's a very attractive area to be in going forward.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. Peter, you commented on the fact that in terms of the penetration for the set-top box for high-end of PVR and HD is about 40% today. You expect to finish the year at greater than 50%?
Peter Andrew: Sure. At that time were talking about integration of voice and Wi-Fi into broadband modems. I haven't seen a good estimate yet going forward in terms of the penetration of PVR or HD in the set-top boxes. But when we talk afterwards, I'll try to shuffle through the data to see if I can help you out with some market share estimates.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, great. Just one last question on the TV, you seem to be talking about that segment a little bit more over the last couple of calls. Is that something we should be looking at given the design cycles at the tier ones of nine to 12 months? Is that something we should be looking at more as an '07 revenue opportunity? Or will be see some more revenue from you guys in the back half of this year?
Scott McGregor: That should definitely kick in in the back half of this year. Certainly it'll be stronger next year, but we do expect significant revenue contribution in the second half of this year.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Palmer from Friedman Billings. Please go ahead.
Jeff Palmer - Friedman Billings: Thanks, guys. Thanks for taking my call. Most of my questions have been answered. But I have this last one for you. Can you give us some color or thoughts on the Bluetooth attach rate? You folks have been growing that business quite strongly here for a couple of quarters. Where do you think it can go?
Scott McGregor: The question is, how high can it go? If you look at most of the market share data, you've got [Instat] estimating that the penetration rate within cell phones for 2005 was around 35%. They see that going up closer to 45% in 2006. Another market surveyor I believe it's ABIRIMS has the penetration rate in 2005 at 25% going to 35% in 2006. One way or another, it's definitely going up higher. If you look out to 2009 I think both of them are converging to somewhere around 75% or 80% of cell phones will have Bluetooth functionality enabled.
Scott McGregor: Of course you know you can get higher than 100% right? Because you get one in your cell phone and then for each of the devices your cell phone talks to, you get a Bluetooth there. So if you have a headset for your cell phone you get another one there. If you have a Bluetooth in your car that you're cell phone talks to, you can certainly get that. So there's an opportunity for quantity expansion both there and then also for ASP expansions. For example, we just have started sampling our Bluetooth plus FM chip, which combines an FM receiver with Bluetooth at the same time. That's great for a lot of those same markets. We get an ASP increase when we go to that product.
Jeff Palmer - Friedman Billings: What kind of ASP increase you get, Scott?
Scott McGregor: It depends what's integrated in. It's not twice as much, but it's an uplift.
Jeff Palmer - Friedman Billings: Okay. Then if I could, second question in the mobile and wireless group also. So while the competitors are out making press releases and you're getting design wins at the 11n product, can you give a sense how to think about that relative to your current 11bg business? Does it build on top of it? Does it supplant it? How do I think about that over the longer term?
Scott McGregor: I think eventually N will take over the large share of the business, but it will be medium speed. I think you'll get a lot of incremental stuff initially. I think the important thing for us is that this is significant ASP increase on N versus G. It's a multiplicative factor rather than small amount. So, it's very good for us to sell an N unit as opposed to a G unit.
Jeff Palmer - Friedman Billings: Okay, so you do not see it completely cannibalizing the BBG products in the short term, actually helping drive it?
Scott McGregor: Short term, no way because it consumes more power. It's more expensive. It has twice the range and four times the performance. So it is quite attractive from an overall performance and range point of view. If you're an IT manager trying to install this into a company or something like that, it's just great. But for some of the low power or fairly low performance needs, it won't penetrate those markets as quickly.
Jeff Palmer - Friedman Billings: Okay, great. Thank you very much. Great quarter, guys. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Bill Lewis from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Thanks. First, I have a housekeeping question for Bill. What can we expect the share count number to look like next quarter?
Bill Ruehle: We believe it'll be a much more modest increase next quarter. One of the things that happened that drove the large share increase this quarter is because we have such a big spike up in the stock prices. And we've found over the years whenever there's a big spike up, all of the sudden a lot of employees who have been holding back on exercises.  We had a lot of employee exercise, which among other things was reflected in the cash that we took in from that. So depending on what happens there; in general we would expect a much smaller rate of increase, something more in the order of 6 million or 7 million shares, not the large increase we had this past quarter. It will be a different number down on GAAP and non-GAAP, some accounting intricacies.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Okay, and then on the gross margin outlook, I mean certainly there's a lot of factors at play here. But I guess specifically for this year, given that the supply tightness has eased at least a little bit, is there an opportunity for gross margins here to now start to move up as we move into kind of the slower summer months? Or what's your expectation there?
Bill Ruehle: The only guidance we've given on that was for Q2, which we said we think might be down 10 or 20 basis points, which obviously is a pretty narrow range versus where we are right now. It's difficult to project out a lot farther than that right now.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Okay, and last just kind on the markets, it seems in broadband you are serving a lot of the high-volume markets today. I would be interested in your thoughts on the fiber market as that starts to grow over the next few years. What your interest level is there and how you're thinking about that market?
Scott McGregor: When you say fiber market, are you thinking like fiber to the curb, last mile or are you thinking backbone?
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Yes, I'm thinking access.
Scott McGregor: Access. Yes, absolutely that's a market that we look at. We are looking at and evaluating options in that space. We'll explore that over time.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: So it's certainly a market we would expect you to serve at a certain time?
Scott McGregor: Our strategy is to be agnostic on technologies. And you see for example on wireless technologies we do all of them - Bluetooth, 802-11, et cetera. Likewise on the last mile technologies we do, we have an CMTS opportunity and we also do DSLM. So to the extent that fiber really takes off and becomes a key technology there, we would look to add that as well.
Henry Samueli: Also if you take a look at the IP TV rollouts today that you're seeing slowly starting to take off. Broadcom is already participating in those rollouts with our partners such as Motorola on the set-top box side as well as TeLabs more on the metro side. So we already are participating in that market today.
Bill Lewis - JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Wu from Global Crown Capital. Please go ahead.
Han Lee - Global Crown Capital: Hi, this is Han Lee for David Wu. Thank you for taking my question. First, regarding the digital TV market, you talk about your back-end chips being used in EchoStar and DirecTV, so are there any plans to go into the actual television market?
Scott McGregor: Yes, we've announced for over the last year to enter the digital television space. We have chips specifically targeted for that market such as the 3560 and others. And we have design wins at top tier customers already in the digital TV market.
Han Lee - Global Crown Capital: For AMD server chipsets, you talk about the next generation AMD server chipsets. Are you talking about the AM2 server or the KAL servers?
Henry Samueli: It is all the next generation platforms that AMD is about to introduce, we are designed into.
Han Lee - Global Crown Capital: Sorry, have you replaced [NVIDIA] in those design wins? I think those are also heading for server chipset designs.
Scott McGregor: Sure, no, we have design wins across the board. I wouldn't say 100% obviously, but we have a substantial set of design wins in the next generation array of platforms being introduced.
Henry Samueli: We expect to have the majority of the AMD server chipset market.
Han Lee - Global Crown Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Shelby Seyrafi from Kaufman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Shelby Seyrafi - Kaufman Brothers: Yes, thank you very much. So, you had very strong growth in the broadband segment up 30% sequentially. Was that driven, can you say, mostly by penetrating DirecTV? Or by enjoying strong sales to Motorola where digital set-top box units were up over 40% plus QonQ?
Bill Ruehle: It was all of that and more. Our share in the DSL market has gone from a very minor player to quite possibly number one or certainly a strong number two, if not that in the most recent quarter. Cable modem continues to grow strongly. A lot of that is driven now by the increased interest in putting voice in it, and the other factors you mentioned as well. So it was not just one or two things in broadband that generated that growth rate.
Shelby Seyrafi - Kaufman Brothers: Also, for the mobile and wireless segment in the second quarter, do you expect the same segment strength, that is mobile multimedia down and Bluetooth and wireless LAN up in the same kind of growth patterns?
Bill Ruehle: We have not given that level of granularity. What I did say earlier in an earlier remark is that we don't expect to see quite the broad swings that we had in our businesses where some are off quite a bit and some down quite a bit in this most recent quarter.
Scott McGregor: You can expect 802-11n to be a growth driver for us in the current quarter as well.
Shelby Seyrafi - Kaufman Brothers: Finally, are you concerned about TiVo's patent win against EchoStar perhaps negatively impacting your chip sales to EchoStar?
Scott McGregor: You know it's an interesting situation. It would be inappropriate for us to speculate on exactly where that goes from a legal point of view. But we note that TiVo is a customer and EchoStar is a customer and DirecTV is a customer. We expect that, depending on how that legal outcome works out, there could be different mix shift between the different providers of boxes there. But since each of them are customers of ours, we would be relatively indifferent to how that mix sorts out.
Shelby Seyrafi - Kaufman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: The last question comes from Srini Pajjuri from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Srini Pajjuri - Merrill Lynch: I'm good. Thank you.
Peter Andrew : Okay. Thank you very much for joining us today. I appreciate you being with us. We had a good quarter. We look forward to a continued growth story and look forward to seeing you three months from now. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes Broadcom's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-01-31 12:45:00) =====
Executives: Peter Andrew, Vice President of Investor Relations   Scott McGregor, President and Chief Executive Officer   Bill Ruehle, Chief Financial Officer   Henry Samueli, Chief Technical Officer
Analysts: Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse   Raul Seymour, Deutsche Bank   Arnold Shamroth   Cody Acree, Stifel Nicolaus   Alex Gauna, UBS   Seogju Lee, Goldman Sachs   Ambrish Srivastava, Harris Nesbitt   Jeremy Bunting, Thomas Weisel   Charlie Glavin, Needham & Company   Brian Alger, Pacific Growth Equities   Bill Lewis, JP Morgan   Hung Lee, Global Crown Capital   Jeff Palmer, Freidman Billing Ramsey   Ruben Roy   Adam Benjamin, Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to the Broadcoms Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2005 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question and answer session. At that time, if you have a question please press * followed by the 1 on your telephone. As a remainder, this conference is being recorded on Thursday January 25th 2006. Your speakers today are Scott McGregor, Broadcoms President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Samueli, Broadcoms Chief Technical Officer and Co-Founder, Bill Ruehle, Broadcoms Chief Financial Officer and Peter Andrew, Vice President, Investor Relations. Id now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew, please go ahead sir.
Peter Andrew, Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you very much Adam, good morning and welcome everyone to Broadcoms Q4 earnings conference call. I want to remind everyone that during this call we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue, gross margin and operating expense targets for the first quarter of 2006 or any other future periods and statements about prospects for our various businesses and the development status, and planned availability of new products. This will be clearly understood that our actual results may differ substantially from the forward-looking statements we make today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results are discussed in the risk factor section of our 2004, 10-K and subsequent 10-Q and in our other SEC filings. A partial list of the important risk factors is set forth at the end of todays earnings press release. As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reasons. Throughout this call, whenever we refer to pro forma financial results, we mean non-GAAP pro forma. The earnings release published today describes the differences between our non-GAAP pro forma and GAAP reporting and presents a reconsolidation between the 2 for the periods reported in the release. Please see the investors section of our website for reconciliations going back to the beginning of 2004, as well as for additional financial and statistical information including the information disclosed in accordance with SEC Regulation G. With I would now like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott McGregor, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. The fourth quarter was a very strong quarter for Broadcom on many fronts. We grew revenue 18% sequentially to $821 million another record level for Broadcom. We experienced revenue growth in each of our target end-markets. We had record net income on both the GAAP and non-GAAP pro forma basis, and we grew cash in marketable securities by a $170 million to $1.88 billion. The drivers of this growth were simple, communications and convergence. Broadcom is benefited from a number of product cycles occurring within the communication, and perverts product end-markets. At home, work or mobile users one of the connected whether over a wired connection, via Ethernet, network or broadband modem or wireless, be wireless Lan, Bluetooth and Cellular. Cable, telephone, cellular and satellite operators are upgrading their networks to offer triple play services that include, high definition video, audio, voice and data services. These network upgrades are not only driving an upgrade of the end equipment to receive these signals, but also enabling the creation of new devices such as portable media players. Many of these product cycles are early in their evolution and Broadcom is investing aggressively to take advantage of these opportunities. Our broad product line, intellectual property portfolio and track record of superior execution are key competitive differentiators in this new connected and converge world. Broadcoms strong performance is the driver behind 2 other announcements we made today, the first being the 3/2 stocks split and the second being the substantial increase in our share buyback program. We believe both of these actions will help create value for our investors. Ill go into more detail in how Broadcoms benefiting from these trends in a few minutes, but first Bill will give you an overview of our Q4 and full year performance, the stock split and the new buyback program and our guidance for Q1.
Bill Ruehle, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Scott. The financial overview in Q405 our growth once again exceeded our expectations. Our record quarterly revenue of 820.6 million was up more than 125 million or approximately 18% from Q3. This was the highest absolute dollars sequential revenue increase in our history. Compared with the year earlier revenue was up more than 281 million or 52% from Q4 of 04. Our pro forma gross margin of 53.1% was down 30 basis points from last quarter, inline with our guidance. Total pro forma operating expense was up 12.8 million or 5.8% from Q3, this was less than 1/3 the rate of our revenue increase. Pro forma operating margin climbed to 24.4% up from 21.5% of revenue in Q3 as we were able to realize significant leverage on our large top line increase. Pro forma diluted earnings per share of $0.50 were up at $0.11 from last quarter. On a GAAP reporting basis, our EPS equaled our pro forma earnings at $0.50 per share. Our full year 2005 results were also at record levels; revenue of 2.670 billion was up 270 million or 11.3% from 2004. Pro forma gross margin for the full year of 53.1% was up 2.2 percentage points from the 50.9% reported in 04. Pro forma EPS of a $1.47 were up $0.25 or just over 20% from the $22 reported for the full year of 04. On a GAAP reporting basis earnings per share for 2005 was $1.10 this was up $0.47 or 75% over the $0.63 reported in 2004. Our cash and marketable securities on hand increased by 170 million for the quarter, leaving us with a balance of 1.875 billion and for the full year cash and marketable securities increased by 600 million. Lets take a look at the revenue and gross margin. In our October call, we said we expected Q4 revenue to be in the range of 765 million to 775 million, which would have been an increase of 10% to 12% over Q3. In the course of our November 9th analyst day presentation, we updated that guidance to say we expected revenue to be at or above a high-end of that range. In fact our bookings and shipments continue to be stronger than expected through out the quarter and we were able to see revenue just over 820 million, an increase of 18%. In the quarter, we experienced particularly strong sequential growth in Mobile Multimedia, and direct broadcast satellite and Bluetooth and Gigabit Switching and in DSL. For the full year, our biggest growth drivers as measured by absolute dollar revenue increase and an order of significance were Bluetooth, Mobile Multimedia, DSL, Gigabit controller, cable modem and Gigabit 5 and switching. Once again demonstrating the importance of the breadth of our product line. Our most significant decline was seen in our server chipset business, which declined over 200 million from year-to-year and that decline is now all behind us. And looking at our change in revenues from Q3 to Q4 our broadband communication sector increased by above 5%. Mobile and wireless increased by about 44% and enterprise networking increased by about 12%. In terms of revenue distribution for Q4, broadband communications accounted for approximately 30% total revenue, mobile and wireless were 33% and enterprise networking for 37%. And in Q4, Motorola was once again a 10% plus customer. Our Q4 pro forma gross margin at 53.1% was down slightly from the 53.4% reported last quarter. In our original guidance for the quarter, back in October we had anticipated a decrease of 50 to 100 basis points. In our November 9th analyst day, we updated that guidance to an expectation of a decrease of 50 basis points or less, or less. Our actual decline was 30 basis points; we experienced some change in product mix towards lower margin product and are continuing to see less pricing flexibility at the foundry level. Turning to operating expenses, total pro forma operating expenses of 235 million in Q4 were up 12.8 million or 5.8% with the last quarter, this included an increase of 9.7 million or 6.1% in R&D and an increase of 3.2 million or 5% in SG&A. The R&D increase was primarily from addition to 240 headcount, including 56 from our Athena acquisitions that we completed in October. Once again our revenue growth allowed us to be very aggressive in adding to our R&D capabilities. SG&A increase was primarily driven by higher legal cost and additional headcount. We increased our total worldwide company headcount by 285 to a total of 4287, this includes over 3,000 people in engineering, which puts our engineering total at just over 70% of our total headcount. As of year-end just over 25% of our employees were located outside the US, with by for the largest offshore concentration being in Asia. Our annualized revenue per employee was 766,000 up from $695,000 the previous quarter and up sequentially from the 640,000 reported in Q4 04. Turning to profitability in Q4, on pro forma non-GAAP basis we generated operating profit of $200.6 million at 24.4% of revenue just reflected our ability to generate substantial leverage on our large revenue increase. Our revenue was up 18% sequentially, OpEx was up less than 6% and operating profit was up more than 34%. Our share count increased by less than 2% allowing us to also show good leverage of the EPS line. Our pro forma diluted EPS were $0.50 up 28% or 11% from last quarter. On a GAAP basis weve recorded an operating profit of $175 million. Our GAAP diluted EPS were positive to $0.50, GAAP earnings in the quarter, included the tax benefit primarily related to Q4, reductions in certain foreign tax reserves. Looking now at the balance sheet, we continued our ability to generate substantial positive cash-flow increasing total cash and marketable securities by 170 million to an all time high of 1.875 billion. Our cash-flow from operations for the quarter was 134 million, our free cash-flow and increasingly our investors are telling us, this is the measure, its particularly important to them. Our free cash flow which is defined as cash flow from operation minus capital purchases was 117 million. During the quarter, we dispersed $33 million in cash per acquisition cost and $58 million in persuade of our stock buyback program. On the cash positive side, we collected 122 million from employee stock option exercises. Our inventory balances increased the same height as our revenue in response to our continued strong demand. Our days of inventory on hand remain constant, at 46. This is equivalent to our churns rate of 7.9, which is in line with our long term model. Our days sales outstanding decreased from 36 days to 34, the shipments for the quarter, were more front-end loaded, to accommodate our customers needs per shipment to support their holiday sales. There were couple of capitalization actions that we took in the quarter, as Scott refer to, given the strength of our balance sheet and our continuing desire to minimize share dilution. We have today announced that our Board of Directors has approved an increasing in our share buyback program. If you recall in April 2005, we implemented a program targeted repurchasing up to 250 million worth of our shares, over a 12 months period. To December 31st, of 05 we have repurchased 154 million of shares, on this program. As of today that authorization has been amended to allow the repurchases of up to and additional 500 million worth of shares over the next 12 months. We expect to begin those purchases at the end of this open. This will give us a capability to retire approximately 2% of our outstanding shares over the next 12 months. Weve also announced today, a 3 per 2 stock split for shareholders a record at close of business on February, 6th. The distribution is expected to be effective on/or around February 21st. This is intended to be another shareholders friendly motive particularly with regard to enabling us to expand our shareholder base in the retail market for absolute price is an important criterion. At our current share price weve ranked within the top 2.5% of all NASDAQ stocks in absolute price, and within the top 20% with the NASDAQ 100 stocks. Turning now to our guidance. When we gave guidance for Q4, we commented that we believe that some of strength we are experiencing was coming from purchases by our consumer oriented customers in preparation to the holiday selling season. Further more we said we thought possible revenue to decline in Q1 because of the increased buying of consumer related business as we are doing. As those of you who have been following Broadcom for sometime now weve always been driven more by product cycles then by seasonality. We are pleased to be able to report that even with our increased consumer related business and some seasonality that we are experiencing in some product line our capable position several dynamic product cycles continues to prevail over seasonal factors. Therefore we now expect Q1 revenue to be up in the mid single digit on a percentage basis from Q4, to a range of $865 million to $875 million. We expected this growth to be broad based with the strongest growth expected to come from our broadband communication sector. We believe that gross margin for Q1 on a pro forma basis will be flat to slightly down, versus Q4. We expect the pro forma operating expenses will increase at a rate that is approximately equal to or slightly lower than our rate of related revenue increase. This rate of increase is driven partially by the new expenses anticipated as a result of the Sunwest acquisition, as well as increased headcount to support R&D and other programs. We expect the cash-flow generation to once again be quite strong in Q1. Now Id like to turn the call back over to Scott to provide some more perspective on the business.
Scott McGregor, President and CEO: Thanks Bill, as I mentioned previously trends in communication and convergence have been key driver behind Broadcoms recent success. Our ability to offer a complete solution to our customers would become a significant competitive differentiator. With the wired to wireless profits in voice, video or data, Broadcam has the products intellectual property and secure your execution track record to capitalize on these opportunities. Ill now let you market highlights before opening the call to Q&A. We saw the greatest growth in our mobile and wireless products again this quarter, as revenue was up over 40% versus Q3, and up nearly 40% for the year. On the first of this month, Broadcom split the mobile and wireless business group into two parts to give additional management focus to each business. The first as what we called mobile platforms, focused on driving the adoption of our cellular base band and mobile multimedia processors into portable devices. This business group is led by Yossi Cohen a long time Broadcom executive who is most recently responsible for leading our very successful Bluetooth efforts. The second is wireless connectivity which Bob Rango is running. This group is responsible for our leadership Wireless LAN, Bluetooth, and Voice-over-IP lines business. These are ingredient technologies or functions that we look to populate throughout our other products. We expect to expand the breadth of our offerings in this group. For financial reporting purposes these 2 groups will continue to hold up in the revenue for the both will be consolidated and reported as our mobile and wireless target market, which we have in the past and will continue to disclose on a quarterly basis. Highlighting just how diverse our growth was in the fourth quarter, the key revenue growth drivers in mobile and wireless were Mobile Multimedia, cellular baseband Bluetooth and Wireless LAN. The conversions of audio, video and data into portable devices continues to drive demand for our mobile multimedia products. In the fourth quarter we shipped our new video card 2 architectural base products to multiple customers. Our success has been due to high quality audio and video at incredibly low power. These features have been highly sold after the cell phones and portable media devices audio, video and gaming functionality. In cellular baseband we experienced a strong Q4, driven by our 2G and 2.5G product refresh our biggest customer in the space. With respective to 3G, our progress remains on track. We have multiple design wins and continued to expect to 3G revenue contribution primarily in the second half of 2006. Demand for Broadcoms Bluetooth solutions remains very strong. We believe we gained additional market share in the quarter driven by our continued success in the cellular handset space. We expect continued growth in Bluetooth product revenues driven by the following things. Number one, increasing adoption of Bluetooth within cell phones, two Broadcom continuing to add new cell phone customers, three the ramp of Bluetooth and other applications, such as PCs, notebooks printers and headsets, and four a secret cause which is extensive set of Bluetooth software profile. Our Wireless LAN products also experienced another seasonally strong quarter. As we look into 2006, we believe that the Wireless LAN market is once again poised for another year of growth. A key driver of this growth will be the migration to the next generations, either 802.11n based products the IEEE confirmed the 802.11n drafts specification on January 19. As a leader in the Wireless LAN market Broadcom has been a significant contributor to the IEEE efforts. We are excited to see 802.11n, overcome a significant hurdle in introduction. We believe we are well placed to take advantage of this migration to 802.11n and for a number of reasons. First of all, following our highly successful 54G product release, Broadcom has a track record of success in insuring our customers that their products would be upgradeable via software to the final standard once its ratified. Second 802.11n offer significant throughput and rich improvements that could drive an upgrade of existing 802.11g and 802.11g products, third 802.11n opens up the opportunity for broad adoption of wireless multimedia distribution around the home in 2007 and 2008 and fourth we were able to integrate 802.11n functionality with in other devices such as broadband modems, Ethernet switches and set top boxes. Moving on to our broadband communications target markets, most broadband communication lines of business experienced strong double digit growth rates in 2005. This was the advantage of our DSL business. There were two key drivers to our success; we were the first to market with ADSL2plus we believe with we are the market leader in ADSL2plus driven mainly by strength in Europe which we expect to compliment with a strong ADSL2plus ramp in China and North America beginning this year. Secondly, highlighting broadcast ability to benefit from both communication and convergence trends, voice enabled DSL modems went from close to zero our CPE port shipments in Q1, to over 30% in Q4. Whats also interesting is that, many of our customers that are bundled in DSL and VoIP are also integrating Bluetooth, the wireless LAN, did not a complete home gateway. This is important for a couple of reasons, not only DSL vendors have wireless LAN, much less Voice-over-IP and Bluetooth experience in this is case significantly higher ASP opportunity for Broadcom. By the way we are seeing any seasonality in our DSL business and in fact its got double digit growth in the Q1 driven by winning market share. With respect to satellite set top boxes we continue to benefit from growth in overall subscribers, growth in the number of boxes per house hold, ramping with new customers and the mix shifts from standard definition to HD and CDR enabled boxes. Broadcom is experiencing stronger demand for next generation code access such as ABC, but also continued strong demand for MPEG-2 solutions. As we look into 2006 in addition to growth in each of our core broadband communication businesses we have another opportunity digital TV which we expect to become a revenue driver in the second half of the year. In our enterprise networking target markets the migration with Gigabit Ethernet continued on its steady progression. Given our market share leadership position and product depth and breadth Broadcom experience strong quarterly and yearly revenue growth trends on both the client and infrastructure side. On the Gigabit Ethernet client side, Broadcom maintained its market leadership position as we surpassed the 100 million unit milestone last week. As we look out into 2006, two new product initiatives have the potential to drive additional revenue growth and potentially even more market share gains on the Gigabit Ethernet client side. These are one ramping new products specifically designed to address the white-box market. Remember the Broadcam is historically very strong in the OEM market given our products performance software suite and our big target market with new features. So this is expanding our market leadership into a new customer sell. You are a potential driver in 2006, if the expected ramp of our two hygienic products when Intel ramps its black core chipset for servers. Broadcom continues to broaden its product offerings to adjust customers Ethernet needs all the way from the cell phone market up to enterprise and now as well. In the cell phone market Broadcom begins shipping I new line of highly integrated 5 and 8 port Robo switches that will enable not only lower cost and smaller quick print designs but also more hardware and software features which significantly simplifying us with installation and maintenance. In the enterprise market Alcatel, announced it has choice our next generation StrataXGS III Ethernet switched silicon to power their OmniSwitch 9000 family of 10 gigabit Ethernet switches with data voice and video broadcasting services. Finally, earlier this week we announced our intention to acquire Sunburst Corporation. This will get us deeply into the enterprise course switch of lot of market but also in the dimension of Ethernet market. Sunburst brings Broadcom a complementary set of products flexible forward imaging flat at manager, and scalable switch fabric, is all at the team of 41 engineers to help accelerate the migration of the Metro Market to Ethernet, triple phase services are being offered by cable and phone companies, growth in Broadcom through-in through-out, the home and the lower cost profile of Ethernet-based networks are driving the migration to Ethernet in the metro markets. So in summary, Broadcom success continues to driven by numerous large product cycles accruing between the communications and conversions end-markets. These trends are really happening today, our initiative is to be the leading communication semiconductor company and to engage these opportunities to the debt converts of our product line and in natural property portfolio and to superior execution. With that, I would like to announce the call over to operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you and we will now begin the question and answer session. If you have a question, please press * then 1 on your touchtone phone. If you wish to remove from the queue please press the # sign or the # and if you are using a speaker phone you need to pickup the handset first before pressing the numbers. Once again, if you have any questions please press * then 1 on your touchtone phone. And our first question from Michael Masdea of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Q - Michael Masdea: Thanks a lot, I guess I heard the talk on the most feasible areas as well, congratulations. And I guess somebody ask the obvious questions here which is, with the product cycle the biggest drift sometimes is this inventory or low in the ramp. You guys feel this comfort or what you guys comfort that were not going to see that any constituent given that strength that we see in last really three quarters?
A - Scott McGregor: When we look the cost of our products and then we talk with our customers. We believe the inventory situation is well under control. We actually have a number of customers who have been calling in through all the four quarter and our production in many cases was limited by how many chips we can produce rather than the customer demand. So we believe the inventory situation is well under control. But we do continue to monitor that.
Q - Michael Masdea: And I guess this is the follow up on that. There is some panic of course some signs of panic in the supply chain of our actually products and backend tightness and some reason somewhere in front of tightness. Could you talk about, just how you are handling that dynamic and again what is your comfort beyond inventory that your customers on and of course ordering too much based on that?
A - Scott McGregor: Well certainly there was tightness in the backend assembly and test in Q4, and I think the whole industry struggled with that a bit. But we continue to work closely with our customers and in many cases we have strong share in the markets, and have good visibility across a variety of customers. And we do our best access inventory and make sure it doesnt get out of hand.
Q - Michael Masdea: Okay. And then just a last question on Sunburst, we look that is kind of a model is there area which you can kind of use this, its kind of a penetration trend for example, like Voice-over-IP, where you are normally on the client side, is it likely that you are going to start pushing more into the, more of the infrastructure and some of these other product area?
A - Scott McGregor: Well absolutely our goal is to really bring a lot of these technologies to bear and when you look at Broadcom its really the conversions we talked about where you can take the last of these recent technologies and combine it together. So we see this is a way to bring additional features. For example, a lot of carriers and lot of the service providers are looking a triple play or quadruple play opportunities. And frankly, there almost no companies other than Broadcom who can offer that type of technologies.
Q - Michael Masdea: Great, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: And our next question is from Raul Seymour from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Q - Raul Seymour: Thanks and echoing congratulations clearly here. In the prior quarter you talked about the diversity of your business inside that no single segment was over, 12% of revenues. Can you give us an update on what potent the biggest percent mix would be in this quarter?
A - Scott McGregor: That segment is still true.
Q - Raul Seymour: Okay and then beyond that the operating margin leverage I thought it was probably one of more impressive metric as you delivered. What sort of operating margin targets we talking about now, is that 24.5 normally or is that something is within that are realistic expectation as we go to 2006, as well?
A - Scott McGregor: I think its early to say that it is time for an update to our long term model which has been 20%, to 22%. We have always said we are happy to over achieve on that model. And certainly right now we have the capability of doing that, where we not, we comfortably evaluating that model. I would say we are not in the positioned either confirm or, change that model at this point.
Q - Raul Seymour: And the final question is on the multimedia processors, the optimized chip, is that still highly concentrated in one customer and if so, when do you expect diversification to occur in that?
A - Scott McGregor: We are shipping to multiple customers today. We do have one customer that was larger than the others. But we do see that diversifying will be coming more distributed as cell phone customers began to ramp up there as well.
Q - Raul Seymour: Okay, congratulations.
A - Scott McGregor: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is from Arnold Shamroth (ph) please go ahead.
Q: Thanks, I remember this Waynes World movie where few were talking about but not being worthy but Ill continue to maybe try to ask couple of questions here, one, a question of what seasonality can go both ways and obviously youve been worried about having seasonality in the first quarter that hasnt tend out, this year you were accelerating throughout the year, is there any kind of qualitative content we can drive from 05 patterns or is that too early to talk about in 06?
A - Bill Ruehle: Because if they had a fast performance is no guarantee a future results, I think its, as you know and weve always really been product cycle driven, so I wouldnt at this point we cant really assume seasonality as one sort or another. As you know, we had originally called that we might be seasonally soften Q1 and we now believe based on our backlog and expectations but thats not going to be the case. So where we go from here in terms of sequential increases, were not prepared to your guidance beyond the first quarter.
Q: Thanks Bill and one another question, real quickly excluding server works, you talked about that was down 200 million, was it05? What kind of growth rate do you think you saw in 05, was it 2 or 3 times your, the actual number, then I have quick follow up please.
A - Bill Ruehle: Well, we were up by $270 million, so with out the servers decrease it would have been 470, so we can do the marathon that whatever that number would come out, I havent calculated it.
Q: Thanks and then one quick question on the handset baseband market, it seems like as if all your, wherever you are in the market thats the once place where you are not, maybe a top 3 player at this point, maybe I am wrong on that, but it seems like at least it was significant one. Could you talk a little bit about where we are in terms of rolling out, are you have design wins, are you an IOD testing or are these sort of if there is still we can content increase that you are expensing in with some of these customers, or do you have your in Bluetooth that your are selling page went into that, that would be great, thank you.
A - Scott McGregor: Let me separate it in 2G and 2.5G where shipping base been today and in fact that was the reason why our sailor groups had tight good revenue in Q4. In terms of 3G we do have multiple designer wins and we expect to see significant revenue from that of a second half, not so much in the first half. But will begin in the first half to see some of the products going out.
Q: Thanks Scott.
A - Scott McGregor: Welcome.
Operator: And our next question from Cody Acree from Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Q - Cody Acree: Thanks guys, and echoing congratulations. Maybe following up on 3G can you just talk about what at years in and on the 3G base stand side that is earnings the business, what metrics are you really been differentiation is.
A - Scott McGregor: Well thats a very good question because, if you look at it, in the last 5 years, no major handset vendor has changed their baseband supplier. And so as the reason for that is because the software and all the rest of the work that they do to support a baseband is quite high and so there has to be a very compelling reason for them to change. So given that we have a number of compelling reasons, one of them is we have a very competitive product, there going to make lot of things into a single base band ship, we also are one of the only companies that can show them road map that only shows all the baseband technologies, but it shows all of the media and connectivity technologies like Bluetooth and wireless LAN, and a road map that can integrate those all together in the future. And thats was really compelling for these guys and they are eager to find some one who can take them on that road map.
Q - Cody Acree: Is there any
A - Peter Andrew: Cody this is Peter Andrew, this FYI you might want to come buy 3GSM both, where you can give more details what we are exactly doing differently in other new technologies that we have our unique which is enabling us to become a bigger player, not only in the 3G markets but also in the 2.5G markets.
Q - Cody Acree: Thanks and is there any particular segment or is there that nature of the wireless base that have youre finding yourself with more traction end or this is more attractive to?
A - Scott McGregor: I think its a matter of timing, we entering things likely to in wireless LAN a number of years ago. And weve been able to achieve, #1, #2 positions in those phases, in a fairly short period of time. We relatively new into areas like Cellular and some of the other wireless technologies, but we entered to win and so our goal is to become a top player in each of those technologies.
Q - Cody Acree: And then just lastly you mentioned DSL would be up in the first quarter, can you talk generally about some of your other segments at least directionally, though it might have some sequential impact on those fronts.
A - Scott McGregor: Well I gave some clues in the previous dialogue, in terms of what strong, and I cant breakout though the specifics ones for you Q1 sorry.
A - Bill Ruehle: But one comment we did make already is as we expected as a whole that our broadband group would be the strongest grower in Q1.
Q - Cody Acree: Okay, thanks guys and congratulations.
A - Scott McGregor: Youre welcome.
Operator: And our next question from Alex Gauna from UBS. Please go ahead.
Q - Alex Gauna: Yes, thank you. I was wondering if you could go into developments on the Voiceover IP front, but firmly product line standpoint, I believe cable is an area where you are experiencing success, but also in dedicated Voiceover IP applications and maybe even as a percent to WiFi going into VoIP telephony.
A - Scott McGregor: VoiP is one of those horizontal technologies that applies in a lot of different areas, and so the breadth we have enables us to do that, we demonstrated at CES a wireless VoIP phone based on 802.11n but also to video, so there is an example of a standalone phone and weve seen a lot of interest both for the video as well as the non-video versions of VoIP phones, from the major players in the VoIP phone market. One of the things that particularly exciting though it adding VoIP capability to both DSL and cable modems and that market we think is really poised to grow, but the interesting things about that is that the cable operators can employ a voice enabled modem into a household and then down sell the capability to replace your phone service. And so its easier for them to put the voice capability in now, rather than waiting for the customer to actually water it, because it saves a truck holder to replace the modem. So we are seeing very strong pickup of voice in both of those markets and expect that to be a revenue driver for us going forward and it dramatically increases the average selling price of our cable modem and DSL.
Q - Alex Gauna: Is there anyway you can quantify how big this is getting for the company in terms of fractionate sales or growth rate.
A - Scott McGregor: We dont quantify it for the company, but Peter you might have the statistics on the growth rate VoIP penetrations into those markets.
A - Peter Andrew: Sure, well just to put into perspective Ive got the DSL data here in my finger tips. If you look at roughly Q1 it was essentially 0% of our unit that we are shipping in the DSL space with VoIP-enabled. But the time we are into the Q4, we are probably around 30% of the DSL modems that we were shipping were VoIP-enabled. And I would say thats, answering Q4, its about the same metric also for the cable modem side in terms of being voice enabled. Also remember that just one new feature and function that we could add to those platforms, will also WiFi and Bluetooth, but we are seeing a lot of take ups especially in the European markets, of that complete home gateway solution.
Q - Alex Gauna: All right, thank you, one more if I could, are there any customers approaching the 10% mark or because of the diversifications happening are we on the cost of loosing Motorola, the 10% customers perhaps?
A - Scott McGregor: Well actually when we look at our, if you look at it on an annual basis, we actually see that our customers are diversifying. So we are seeing more and more large customers which means the impact of anyone customer goes down.
Q - Alex Gauna: Okay, thank you very much and congratulations powerful quarter.
A - Scott McGregor: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seogju Lee from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Q - Seogju Lee: Hi, thanks congratulations. I dont mean to be the one that brings the patent, in terms of DSO expense as we go into 2006, when we have the mandatory expensing there, can you just help us frame to expense, if your other estimate what it was in Q4 and how we should think about in Q1. And also to Bill if you could just give the tax rate expectations for Q1 within, with out thats why they are being very helpful. Thanks.
A - Bill Ruehle: Okay, first of all tax rate expectations for Q1, on a pro forma basis remains at 10%, on GAAP it will harder to predict its typically it being running a little better than that on GAAP. In terms of what we expect DSO expense to be, first of all there is 2 line items on our current P&L, where theyve already recognized our equity expense, those are the deferred compensation that relates options from people who work for our companies we had acquired. And also the restricted stock units we grated lives to, those already hit the P&L. If you look at our past 10-Qs, on the disclosure basis, has we been expensing options it would have been the total all end cost including RSUs and the other, I am sorry prior to acquisitions would have been above $100 million a quarter. For Q1, we expected to be probably little bit less than that, there is the more the old legacy options drop off and so there will be something under 100 million of expense for Q1, and out of that $100 million and some of them would have 25 million of that would already be incurred through because if you like to restricted share units or to deferred counts from acquisitions. Does that help you Seogju.
Q - Seogju Lee: Hi yeah, just on that 25 million thats already incurred, thats been in the pro forma numbers thats pulled out right?
A - Scott McGregor: Thanks corrects, that does not show up in the pro forma number.
Q - Seogju Lee: Okay, thanks.
A - Scott McGregor: And we expect going forward we will continue to report both ways of it, we will get complete transparency in terms of what those expenses are and what the ongoing operating expenses are.
Q - Seogju Lee: Great thanks, and then lastly just on DSO, in terms of the share dilution at the analyst meeting if I recall correctly you talked about sort of targeting a net share dilution of about 3% with gross dilution of about 5% to 6% offset by share buyback, is that how we should think about it, and I guess with the new expanded repurchase program, I think you mentioned it takes about 2% of it.
A - Scott McGregor: That is correct, so yeah those number should also with in the right names.
Q - Seogju Lee: Great thanks again congratulations and good luck.
A - Scott McGregor: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ambrish Srivastava with Harris Nesbitt. Please go ahead.
Q - Ambrish Srivastava: Hi guys, Bill question on gross margin, you have navigated the current slightness both in the backend and the front-end, pretty nice to be here. How should we take it to the rest of 06, for gross margins, you are wrapping several new products, that doesnt necessarily related into lower ASPs?
A - Bill Ruehle: Thats true, and as you know there is a whole lot of components to gross margins, so on the cost side its going to be harder, we believe that will be harder to come by significant decreases in our foundry cost just be negotiating better cost for the same part. Because capacity is tighter now than it had been. However, we continued to have aggressive programs to reduce cost and products by improving the products and sales and also we have expanded our second sourcing so that we can get to some better cost data there. We will be more dependent than ever on whats happening on the selling price side, and thats always a little bit unpredictable again to the extent, we are in the right point of product cycles, that seems to be favorable for us. We can, for the last few quarter, if you recall back in early 2005 we said we, we thought we are seen spike and we expected to comedown very quickly, weve been happy to report its come down much less quickly than we have, that there still has been a trend line of our reduction in gross margin each quarter going forward, and we think for Q1 we are flat to possibly slightly down little bit for that period. So I think that kind of a trend line is probably most realistic to assume.
Q - Ambrish Srivastava: Okay, thanks Bill. A question for you Scott, lot of growth drivers going on, if you think to 06 how would you rank order the top 3? And I realized in each of the 3 segments categories, there are several as you could please just give us a top 2, thanks?
A - Scott McGregor: I think thats hard to, and as you pointed out we do have a lot of different growth drivers, so it depends a little bit how fast, for example 802.11n rolls out this year. So, it will be a little hard for us to pick the top 3, but there are lot of them in every single area and I think thats something different about Broadcom than many other companies, many companies are bidding on 1 or 2 growth drivers and we have a dozen or more.
Q - Ambrish Srivastava: Thanks Scott, and thanks Bill.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Bunting from Thomas Weisel. Please go ahead.
Q - Jenny Shea: Good afternoon, this is Jenny Shea calling in for Jeremy. I just want to kind of hold in on your communications and convergence being here, you gave sort of market, adoption growth rate for your Voiceover IP shipping to adjust on cable modems. I was wondering in terms of the other ingredient technologies that you mentioned earlier, which one that you just expect to also experience similar growth rate in terms of units in convergence for 06?
A - Scott McGregor: We believe that Multimedia is a really big area and today we are seeing that start to deploy in handheld devices, but just the ability to handle Multimedia and HD video streams and things like that, across the PC markets and other things. We think its going to be big. So taking that video technology and applying it for all the different devices is certainly a big area of convergence, also if you take voice we mentioned Voiceover IP applying to a number of different areas, and also bringing data to things like Cell phones, Cell phones will become more sophisticated will be able to run more applications to process data as you get some of the 3G cellular standards like HSDPA, HSUPA you will get decent data rates to the phones, which will make them a more attractive device for some of the personal information management kind of applications. So those are a few, but we see it as a very pronounced theme and driving a lot of the direction we are heading with our products.
Q - Jenny Shea: Okay, and I just a quick question on ADSL, do you expect to have any sort of product shipping towards the end, yeah I know you are more focused on ADSL2Plus you have the nice design win attraction there, which is not going to change, but for ADSL2.
A - Scott McGregor: But we see the ADSL2 market is something that will happen more towards the end of this year. We certainly have some products there today and doing in and our ability testing with other semiconductor suppliers, so thats gone quite well. So we have design wins and again thats something thats going to ramp more in the second half. The story today is pretty much ADSL2Plus.
Q - Jenny Shea: All right thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Glavin from Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Q - Charlie Glavin: Thanks, I guess I will trying to book a little bit longer term as you guys, just a little bit carried I think, that you guys post that well and still had a couple of areas you could have done that better. Scott in regards to kind of going back to Michaels question about 10% giving into the infrastructure side. Given that Intel was a big investor in that, in terms of VoIP it seems that the carrier market maybe a little bit, the most of the deployments were over there, are revolving out, is this more of a apply from the infrastructure side targeting the enterprise side as VoIP start to rollout there, and also in terms of taking a look at the underline architecture, we will be looking still in maintaining the net to also, kind of leveraging to some of the power quick or types of that power bases based on some of the feedback from Cisco?
A - Scott McGregor: Well certainly we will see this is, as enterprise, but again its also a play for us in the metros, its a new area for us, we didnt scale into that states in the past. Its kind of interesting because there is a transition going on where today, a lot of the players in that space use custom Silicon or their basic strategy to do that and there is transition thats going to happen there to merchant silicon. And Broadcom wants to be the one to really jump on that and make sure that when they do transition from doing their own 86 to buying merchant silicon we wanted to be ours. So that motivated the timing of the Sunburst acquisitions a little bit. In terms of MIPS, MIPS has a lot of work still ahead and so we believe you can create very fast causes through in that space and in fact we put together broader team has invested over the last quarter, to increase the capabilities of our MIPS core team do faster, processors across the wired range. So we are still bullish on that.
Q - Charlie Glavin: Okay, kind of expanding on that, even that Sunburst, I believe lot of that shouldnt so far has been more with in the regional networks for IPTV, Video on demand you mentioned in terms of lots of code action multimedia being a little bit stronger. What area can we look forward speaking in 06, as far as maybe additional left side during your call really when you are down and now stated 802.11 and the point was right about a lot of the, this person is still with uncompressed type of video, is this kind of on the big target areas in terms of such as metro and some of the video on demand, but also in terms of gateways particularly with in the cell phone market.
A - Scott McGregor: Well I think it was very different market, so I mean certainly the high-end video on demand market is going to big going forward, you are actually right, using some of the codec technology we have, will enable much better efficiencies over those networks, because you can send the same TV program and have the bit or less. So thats certainly a good combination between the Sunburst technology and codec technology that we have, either SOHO market thats both there is a client opportunity, but I believe the home gateway market is going to be interesting. Its sort of curious to watch, because there is so many contenders for that market, between the set top box guys and the network guys and the TV guys and the PC guys and what not, and our position on that is diagnostic and then we want to be able to have all the technologies and so who ever wins in that space we want to be the ones who provide the silicon forum and so thats why you see us doing acquisitions to cover all of that, we have basically everyone of the last mile technologies covered, and we want to cover all of the multimedia and codec technologies as well. So whatever wins we are there, a good example of that is in the HT-DVD space, you saw us announce a chip there that supports both blue ray and HT-DVD, both on Microsoft Codecs with BC1 as well as the H264. So we are really trying to make sure that weve got all the bases covered and we are the player that can integrate all of those pieces.
Q - Charlie Glavin: I guess one last question on that as you mentioned as far as covering all the baseband technology, certainly pitching the eye work, where the semi area and with Sunburst its certainly lays out a good 10 big types of server and that, but what about in terms of some of the low lying beam as far as instant demand or even working a lot closer will favor you and thats the out the world.
A - Scott McGregor: Well we certainly support integration with those things, but to be honest we believe in Ethernet, we believe Ethernets going to eventually be able to surpass a lot of those markets. May be not today, but when you start getting the ability to use the same cable and use the same protocols and fall back to the slower speeds, but also support the higher speeds, 10 gig Ethernet, rolling out over the next few years. We think thats going to be the big player and so we got most of our chips on that.
Q - Charlie Glavin: And then certainly Greg, do you think the technology could take the top line of the business; it doesnt some of the legacy issues when its the ability as far as penetrating in some of the deeper areas of the infrastructure side?
A - Scott McGregor: We dont think thats an experiment but thats a good one take off.
Q - Charlie Glavin: Okay, thanks. Bill Im sorry one at the housekeeping in terms of stock options is there anything in terms of the high restricted stock that would cause different taxation on those are would you reporting right now that we seem that close pretty much true?
A - Bill Ruehle: Yeah we have enough tax coverage from other items that we wont be relying on the tax reduction from options.
Q - Charlie Glavin: Okay thanks.
A - Bill Ruehle: So you dont ask me about the licensee.
Q - Charlie Glavin: Youre too quick. Thanks Bill.
A - Scott McGregor: Adam?
Operator: And our question is from Brian Alger from Pacific Growth Equities. Please go ahead.
Q - Brian Alger: Hi guys, one of the questions have been asked and answered but just kind of solving into this conversions payment, it does seems as though you guys are getting very aggressive in terms of positioning for this conversions from the home whether its digital media that after a gateway, set top box, et cetera. Today we havent seen much in the way of television penetration. And I know you guys have, have some work going on there. When do you think that the display area itself is going to pose a, another arena of growth for Broadcom?
A - Scott McGregor: Well there are number of ways we could look at that displays our monitors today. Certainly dont represent a silicon opportunity for our current product. That going to be very simple display drivers and our power supply chips and generally we dont play the end market. Going forward, I think there is an opportunity as the monitor makers to look at the opportunity to add a sub $10 chip to a video monitor and make into digital TV. It gets very attractive, but you just stop shipping monitors and everything as TV. And you have a TV in every laptop and a TV in every PC, one of things we see as an opportunity is to take our very strong set top box technology moves that over into the digital television space. After all a digital television is basically a set top box that has a monitor and subtract the two things. So by creating some chips there, we believe we can go after that space and make it very attractive to make TV capability basically, you think it would surpass all the different products.
Q - Brian Alger: Okay and that leaves to my follow-up youve obviously, sort of some areas of our product in IP portfolio to strengthen your positioning. Do you think you need to acquire additional IP to maybe strengthen the position for the display markets? Or you guys sell it what youve got?
A - Scott McGregor: Overall, we always looking for opportunity to get the market faster or get access to other customers. So I wouldnt exclude it but we certainly have the capability today, to do digital television and to expand that into the displays that become TV market. I dont think its particularly interest to do power supplies and things like that. We are not a commodity semiconductor supplier we provide the high-end SOC, but to the extend those become part of the display market will certainly play there.
Q - Brian Alger: Okay, given the margins fresh, I think anybody is going to play your commodity player, thats right guys.
A - Scott McGregor: Right.
Operator: And our next question is Bill Lewis from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Q - William Lewis: Thank you, and good afternoon. In the mobile and wireless business, obviously some strong growth I think you said of 44%. Is there any comment breakdown or insights you can give to us and to the contributions from Bluetooth and wireless LAN. I understand Bluetooth have the largest piece but, maybe seasonally when you are grounded much about certainly it clears that, it did as if, kind of try to assume the kind of great somewhere later, any insights there?
A - Scott McGregor: Im sorry we dont break that down. So I cant give you the exact number but we do believe we took share in the Bluetooth market in the fourth quarter.
Q - William Lewis: Okay. So the kind of both grew, at something around that rate, would not be a bad assumption.
A - Scott McGregor: We cant go into that level in detail.
Q - William Lewis: Okay, one area you didnt talk about was storage, as I missed too much, can you kind of insight to me give on, do you think 06 might be year that starts to develop or what do you think there?
A - Scott McGregor: Well, we certainly look at that, I mean we didnt mention it, because we have so much of kind of things to talk about but that certainly a market we continue to monitor and look at.
Q - William Lewis: Okay and then on 3G lastly is there any updates you can give in terms of, you talk about two large OEM win any kind of additional updates there. Or additional customers you gained in the last quarter?
A - Scott McGregor: Im afraid that prior to launching phones our customers are kind of shy, so we are not able to share any more details here. But we certainly will, when we can and those fell throughout the market.
Q - William Lewis: Okay, all right thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Wu from Global Crown Capital. Please go ahead.
Q - Hung Lee: Hi, this is Hung Lee for David Wu. Thank you for taking my question and congratulation on the strong quarter. With as many new product lines going into the fact later this year or sometime in the mid of this year, do you expect any slow down in revenue due to product auditioning of your customers. Or do you expect, the revenue to be strong throughout the whole year?
A - Scott McGregor: Well let me see if I can help you on a question. We dont give guidance beyond the next quarter. So I cant tell you anything in terms of future quarters. On the other hand there is nothing inherent in our models in transitions that will cause us to, have a revenue gap in our current customers as we transition to new product. Generally they buy product today and when we come up with the new product they buy the new product and one of our goals is a company has to add enough value and new futures to the new products. So that they have an ASP equal to a higher than the products the customer already buys.
Q - Hung Lee: All right and congratulations on the quarter, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Palmer from Freidman Billing Ramsey.
Q - Jeff Palmer: Yes, thank you for taking my call. Im not sure if you would address this or not. Could you gives us a thought DVBH and when we can expect to see Broadcom intersecting that technology associated with the acquisition of the Athena?
A - Henry Samueli: Sure, this is Henry, yes DVBH is definitely an active area of R&D and the company as you mentioned with the Athena we have the RFID and we are of course working on the demod piece we have multimedia piece with the video core technology that we acquired from Apple Music. So all the pieces are following into place and it is a major focus of activity right now. So I dont have any specific datas to when will introduce our compete solution, but we are very active in that area.
Q - Jeff Palmer: Have you guys could say is it fair to assume which youve already out engaging with major OEMs or as I understand that there is already been kind of a first cycle design awards given for the early cash with Verizon and people like that.
A - Henry Samueli: Yes we are working with the major OEMs on reference designs and working with our product yes.
Q - Jeff Palmer: Great, thank you very much best of luck.
A - Scott McGregor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question is from Ruben Roy please go ahead.
Q - Ruben Roy: Thanks. Scott when you mentioned Bluetooth share gains at 4Q, can you characterize the applications possibly where you think you could share perhaps Notebook or PC, or headset how that works and, how that works going out into 2006?
A - Scott McGregor: Well the biggest opportunities of Bluetooth, of course these days is cell phones and I think that dominates all of the other markets right now. We are starting to see markets like automotive and PC and some of the handheld consumer devices begin to show up as markets. But for the next year the handsets is where it is, we have design wins with most of the major handset manufacturers. And so thats where lot of our share gains have come from, as we get additional customers in that space and as they ramp their models up for some customers we have engaged with relatively recently and so as they populate our Bluetooth solutions especially our new 2045 chip that has enhanced data rate, and all the difference profiles, those are beginning to ramp up and so thats driving the additional share gains in those companies.
Q - Ruben Roy: Okay, thanks and on, anyway Ethernet you talked about some of the product initiatives that clearly expands your clients and going into 06, from infrastructure side, how does the option rates, how does the option rates going and where the penetration is and where the opportunities switching next year?
A - Peter Andrew: Sure this is Peter, if you look at some deliberate data I believe last quarter, the estimated that the penetration rate of Gigabit Ethernet into the hub, switch and the router market was right around 36%. The good news is if you look forward based upon their expectations there are looking for a nice steady increase in terms of penetration rates. I think if I look at the numbers they are expecting I believe by the end of 2006 to roughly end the penetration rates right around 42% to 45% of the imports that are being shipped.
Q - Ruben Roy: Great thanks Peter.
Operator: And our next question comes from Adam Benjamin from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Q - Brian Curtis: Thanks good afternoon. This is actually Brian Curtis for Adam. I wanted to, you simple mentioned 802.11n as growth of in 06. And if I am correct I think wireless LAN ran through last couple of quarters here maybe three, if you want any, I mean what is the prospect for 06 and could you just, business unit growth, kind of, at the overall average?
A - Scott McGregor: Well its hard to speculate exactly what the growth rate will be, so I cant answer you question is to whether the average or not, I think the two big growth drivers in the 802.11 space besides just the increase penetration of 802.11 into various devices, 802.11 in general has come down in price over the last couple of years, so that is very cost affective to make, just of our any device that cost more than $100 and afford to have a 802.11 networking in it. What we see as drivers going forward, our 802.11n which really improves both the performance as well as the range, did you get a factor of two better range and a factor of four more in performance. So we think people will pay for that and that will give us at average ASP increase across our, our range of 802.11n, 802.11 solutions. The other thing its going to drive it, I believe over the next couple of years is when we see the embedded space begin to pickup, its been fairly small to date, by overtime we believe 802.11 will go into things like cell phones, like games and other consumer devices and so there is an opportunity there as well that we hope to play and, so I, I believe there is a good future for 802.11 as a market, certainly the number of earrings will grow up dramatically and 802.11 and give this ASP outlook and that it gives us a big margin increase.
Q - Brian Curtis: Thanks, and then just, kind of going back in this mobile convergence, I mean, that means, you have all the components Wireless LAN, DVBH, Bluetooth, kind of, I wanted to need this rank, kind of those separate opportunities in the cell phone and also new, where do you see kind of convergence to those devices been appropriate, I know in a mobile talking Wireless kind of Bluetooth and third has Bluetooth and GPRS, just wondering what you call it from?
A - Scott McGregor: Well Im going to decline the rank and I think its going to depend really on, on how far those market grow and its a little high to forecast that, its one of the reasons we want to make sure we cover all of those, so we get the best covered. Its interesting if you look at where the convergence is going to happen, were seeing Bluetooth as something with base convergence for example there are lot of cell phones we have a Bluetooth and FM radio in them and lot of headset makers want to save a chip and so it doesnt logically make sense to the Bluetooth and FM radio together but it saves board space in the cell phones and the, the headset makers want it so thats a big opportunity and I think most of the Bluetooth sockets that are out there today will change the Bluetooth that down over the next couple of years and that will reduce some of the suppliers. The baseband is a big discussion our how fast that has been, there is some people do believe the baseband was sort of vacuum of all the other chips in the phone and there are others who believe that as for as since it evolves particularly they will stay separate, I think both are probably right in the low-end market, I think the baseband will tend to stimulate the rest of the pieces in the higher-end phones and the more feature rich phones. I think youll see rapid evolution of the different connectivity in multimedia and other pieces, so that wont happen so quickly. And thats why you see as adopted strategy of making sure we got all those basis covered, because if it goes to a depth star baseband model we can play in that game and if it goes to the best of remodel on the parts we play there as well.
Q - Brian Curtis: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you and we have no further questions at this time.
Scott McGregor, President and Chief Executive Officer: I would like to thank everyone for joining us today, appreciate your questions and we look forward to seeing you in the quarter, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen this concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.
