===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Avery Dennison's earnings conference call for the first quarter ended on March 29, 2025. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay after 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time today and until midnight Eastern Time, April 30, 2025. To access the replay, please dial (800) 770-2030 or (609) 800-9909 for international callers. The conference ID number is 5855706. I'd now like to turn the call over to John Eble, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Eble: Thanks, Regina. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled from GAAP on schedules A4 to A8 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Deon Stander, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Gregory Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Deon.
Deon Stander: Thanks, John, and hello, everyone. We delivered a strong first quarter in a dynamic environment. With earnings per share up 4% ex-currency and in line with expectations. We grew volume in both segments, with strong growth in high-value categories and expanded overall margins. Materials Group delivered solid volume growth and strong margins, as we continue to drive productivity across our businesses. Our strategy to expand our position in high-value categories, which makes up more than a third of Materials Group sales, is working. We delivered high single-digit organic growth for these products in the first quarter, with particular strength in graphics and reflective solutions, and industrial tapes. Our leadership position in our base business is strong as we continue to differentiate ourselves through quality and service, strong material science and process technology capabilities, and sustainable innovation over the long term. In the first quarter, overall label volume in North America was up compared to the prior year and improved significantly on a sequential basis as customer working capital actions at year-end normalized as expected. Volume in Europe was up sequentially and down slightly compared to the prior year in part due to the strong first quarter last year that benefited from some customer order pull forward related to the Finnish port strike in 2024. Overall, emerging market volume is solid with particular strength in the ASEAN region, while volume in China was comparable to the prior year. In the Solutions Group, we delivered strong top-line growth and margin expansion, driven by strong growth in the base business and low single-digit growth in high-value solutions. Overall, apparel growth was strong, up mid-single digits. Within high-value solutions, VESCOM, our market-leading suite of productivity and media solutions for the retail shelf edge, delivered strong growth driven by both existing customers and the rollout of our solutions at CVS Health. This new program is on track and underway. Embellix, our high-growth platform driven by personalization and fan engagement in team sports, and the performance athletic category, was down mid-single digits in the quarter driven by softer sales for large US performance brands and new program launches that benefited Q1 last year. We expect Embellix growth to strengthen later this year partially driven by performance apparel brands preparing for the 2026 World Cup. Turning to enterprise-wide intelligent labels, we grew mid-single digits on an organic basis in the first quarter, in line with expectations. Driven by strong growth in apparel and food categories, partially offset by a decline in logistics as expected. In food, our strategic collaboration with Kroger focused on enabling more frequent and accurate inventory information to maximize freshness, reduce waste, and improve the consumer and associate experience is on track. We are actively working on other large-scale grocery pilots in our pipeline. In logistics, our solutions continue to deliver strong returns for customers, helping drive increased routing accuracy and labor efficiency. We are actively engaged in key projects in the pipeline and do expect more industry adoption through the cycle. As previously discussed, we do not foresee another large-scale rollout in 2025. In apparel and general retail, key new programs are on track. Retailers are adopting embedded technology to increase the return on their overall RFID program unlocking additional value from loss detection and self-checkout, and general retailers are driving supplier compliance in new categories. It is clear that physical items increasingly need a digital identity to help solve key industry challenges. Our competitive advantages here are clear. We provide labeling materials that both decorate and provide information on most of the world's items. And we are market leaders in the most ubiquitous broadly applicable sensing technology in UHF RFID. This combined with our innovation leadership and go-to-market strategy uniquely positions us to lead and win in multiple industry segments, with more than 350 billion units of opportunity, at the nascent point of industry growth. As such, we continue to invest to capture the significant opportunity ahead as we grow the overall industry through both the Solutions Group as well as our channel partners in the Materials Group. Shifting back to the total company level. While we delivered a strong first quarter, and our underlying business is on track, macro uncertainty is elevated. Due to an evolving and dynamic trade policy environment. And near-term global GDP growth outlooks have continued to reduce. But it is not clear how things will play out, The recent change in tariffs will likely have both direct and indirect impacts on our business. We expect the direct impacts on our material purchases to be relatively low and largely mitigatable. Greg will provide some more details on this front momentarily. The indirect impact of trade policy on macro demand is more uncertain in particular for discretionary categories. Taken together, it is more difficult to predict and forecast full-year results. And as such, we have moved to provide quarterly guidance. As we have done in the past, we are prepared for a lower volume environment should it happen. And have initiated our proven scenario planning playbook across the organization to maximize opportunities and protect earnings in various environments. We are initiating actions such as activating temporary belt-tightening identifying share gain opportunities, and identifying trigger points for additional structural actions, in the event of a broad economic slowdown. Stepping back, we have a proven track record of delivering strong results across cycles. Due to the strength of our overall franchise. We are industry leaders in more than 80% of our portfolio in large growing and diverse markets. We are competitively advantaged, including a global scale footprint innovation and go-to-market strategy. We have catalysts for strong growth over cycles in multiple high-value categories that provide differentiated growth potential and in emerging markets. The durability of our portfolio which is stronger than ever, and the agility of our global team, provides us multiple levers to deliver in a broad range of scenarios. Materials Group has demonstrated strong resilience through and across cycles, and has limited direct tariff exposure due to the regional nature of the business. Solutions Group is less cyclical than it was in previous downturns, with roughly a third of its end market exposure now outside of apparel. Lastly, we have a strong balance sheet with ample capacity and a disciplined approach to capital allocation that provides significant investment flexibility to drive earnings growth and expand EVA over cycles. Taken together, these elements enable us to continue delivering strong results over cycles. I want to thank our entire team for their continued resilience focus on excellence, and commitment to addressing the unique challenges we have had. With that, before I hand the call over, I want to officially welcome Greg back. It is really great to have him back and healthy. And also take a moment to thank Danny Allouche, not only for stepping in as interim CFO while Greg recovered, but for doing an excellent job. Danny has now reverted back to focusing on strategy and M&A. With that, over to you, Greg.
Gregory Lovins: Thanks, Deon, and yes, a big thanks to Danny for stepping in while I was out. And I also want to thank everyone in the investment community who reached out while I was gone, and it is definitely great to be back. So in the first quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $2.30, up 4% excluding currency translation compared to the prior year. Has benefits from higher volume and productivity, partially offset by the net impact of pricing raw material cost as expected. Compared to the prior year, sales were up 2% on an organic basis, as higher volume was partially offset by deflation-related price reduction. Adjusted EBITDA margin was strong, at 16.4% in the quarter, up 10 basis points compared to the prior year with strong margins in both segments. Free cash flow was roughly negative $50 million in the quarter and in line with our expectations. You may recall that free cash flow in the first quarter has historically been negative driven primarily by the timing of customer rebate and employee incentive payments. Our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio at quarter-end of 2.3 which includes paying down 500 million euros of debt which matured in March. We continue to execute our disciplined capital allocation strategy including returning cash to shareholders. In the first three months of the year, we returned $331 million through the combination of share repurchases and dividends. And reduced our share count by 2.3 million shares compared to the same time last year. So turning to segment results for the quarter, Materials Group sales were up 1% currency and on an organic basis. Driven by low single-digit volume and mix growth, partially offset by deflation-related price reductions. Organically, high-value categories were up high single digits including strong growth in our intelligent label in late channel, and the base business was down low single digits. In the first quarter, we reclassified roughly $10 million of Intelligent Label sales from the Solutions Group to the Materials Group, to better reflect our unique advantage in providing RFID materials to our strong converter network. To further drive the growth of intelligent labels in new categories. Overall, label materials volume was in line with expectations. Looking at regional volume growth versus the prior year in the quarter, North America was up low single digits. Europe was down low single digits. As we left a strong Q1 2024 which included the pull forward Deon noted earlier. Asia Pacific was up low single digits and Latin America was also low single digits. Compared to the prior year, both graphics and reflective and performance takes and medical delivered strong results and were up high single digits organically. Materials Group delivered a strong adjusted EBITDA margin of 17.7% in the quarter. Up 70 basis points sequentially and down 60 basis points compared to the prior year. As benefits from productivity and higher volumes, were more than offset by the net impact of pricing and raw material input costs due to the timing of deflation-related price reductions through 2024. Regarding raw material costs, globally, we saw modest deflation sequentially in the first quarter. Our current outlook is for modest inflation sequentially in the second quarter, with higher tariffs impacting us by mid-Q2. Where applicable we are implementing surcharges to account for these higher costs. Shifting to Solutions Group, sales were up 5% on an organic basis. With base solutions up high single digits, and high-value solutions up low single digits. Within High-Value Solutions, VESCOM was up high single digits driven by strong growth with both existing customers and new program rollouts. Imbalance was down in the quarter as Deon noted, and we expect to return to strong growth in this platform we move through the year. Enterprise-wide intelligent label sales were up mid-single digits in the first quarter and in line with our expectations. With strong growth in our converter channel, mid-single-digit growth in apparel, and strong growth in food partially offset by a decline in logistics as expected. Solutions Group delivered a strong adjusted EBITDA margin of 17.2%, up 110 basis points compared to the prior year. As benefits from productivity and higher volume, were partially offset by growth investments. Now shifting to our outlook, we are working to mitigate the direct impacts of the recent tariff announcements while also activating our proven playbook to manage throughout various scenarios. As it relates to the direct impact of tariffs, in both the current rate scenario as well as the scenario where the previously announced tariffs revert after the 90-day pause, a relatively small proportion of our material purchases are impacted. Less than 10% globally. It is also important to note that the vast majority of our imports and exports between the US, Canada, and Mexico including RFID in late, are USMCA compliant. The overall direct cost impact will likely represent low single-digit inflation on our total raw material purchases. In order to mitigate the potential impact, we are implementing some sourcing adjustments and pricing surcharges. The indirect impact of trade policy on macro demand is more uncertain. The majority of our portfolio is anchored in consumer staples, but we also serve some more discretionary markets such as industrials, durables, and apparel. We apparel, retailers and brands serving the US market are assessing sourcing, supply chain, and pricing strategies. Especially for garments produced in China. We estimate our apparel label sales in China for garments to be exported to the US are roughly $350 million annually. Which represents just 4% of total company revenue. Taking all of this into account, our visibility for Q2 is currently stronger than for the back half of the year, For the second quarter of 2025, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be up sequentially. In the range of $2.30 to $2.50. With sales growth in the majority of our businesses, to be offset by a mid-single-digit decline in apparel. Resulting in overall sales roughly comparable to the prior year. We expect a sequential increase in earnings will be driven by our traditional seasonality, as both the calendar and lunar new years impacted our Q1 well as ongoing business momentum some of our high-value categories. Such as VESCOM, and a sequential currency benefit assuming current rates. This growth will be partially offset by our annual wage inflation cycle that started on April 1st, and the impacts of tariffs on apparel revenue that we have discussed. We have also outlined some contributing factors to our full-year results on slide thirteen of our supplemental materials. To highlight a few of the key drivers, we now anticipate a roughly $7 million headwind operating income from currency translation. Assuming recent rates, which is better than the roughly $30 million headwind, we expected at the beginning of the year. And we now expect restructuring savings, net of transition cost, of more than $45 million. Which is up $5 million from our expectations a quarter ago. We continue to expect strong free cash flow across a wide range of scenarios. In summary, we delivered a strong quarter in line with our expectations through a dynamic environment. We are well prepared for a variety of macro scenarios expect to grow earnings sequentially in the second quarter. And we are well positioned to continue to deliver exceptional value to all of our stakeholders through our disciplined strategies for long-term profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation. We will now open up the call for your questions. Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to register a question, press. You will hear a confirmation of your request. If your question has been answered and you would like to registration, please press star one again. To accommodate all participants, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. Our first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hey, guys. Good morning. Greg, welcome back. It is good to hear your voice again. I guess, first off, you know, as it relates to the first quarter, you know, maybe give us a frame of reference as it relates to how you think tariff prebuying, etcetera, might have impacted the first quarter. You know, I think apparel was up mid-single digits, and then you are calling out Q2 as down mid-single digits. So just, you know, any more color on there would be great. And then I know you are staying away from annual guidance, but, you know, for RFID specifically, apart from just the tariff uncertainty, is there anything good or bad plus or minus versus your outlook you know, three months ago as it relates to 2025 in terms of new programs and so on? Thank you so much.
Deon Stander: Hey, Ghansham. Let me address that. In the first quarter, we actually did not see on aggregate any really pull forward because of tariffs overall. If you recall the sequence of events that led through each announcement and somewhat of the retraction of announcements, we were anticipating seeing some of our customer base adjust as they went through. But we did not actually see any material impact at all in the first quarter. What we did see in the really last few weeks of March if you recall, post the 20% announcement of tariffs to China, did see some retail brands, apparel brands look at their sourcing decisions, their pricing decisions in that last couple of weeks that we saw a slightly more muted demand there. If you then look in the second quarter, our anticipation, as you said, is we are looking we are expecting sort of mid-single-digit declines for apparel. And what we are seeing so far at the start of the quarter is roughly about high single-digit declines. That is based on discussions we are seeing with brands and retailers really anchored around what are they trying to do to resolve the significantly high tariff rate they see currently in place with China. And they are really focused on three actions. So one is what sourcing decisions can they make to move goods? We are actively involved with them in that. That is actually one of our inherent strengths because of our global network. We see advantage for us in that regard. The second is that they are thinking through how do they leverage supplier partnerships in the whole ecosystem to help offset some of those additional costs. And then the third element is really as they think through what are they going to do in terms of pricing strategy. And then this is an area where they are actually holding largely on some of their pricing decisions because you think through the supply chain, a lot of what we provide them is price ticketing, for example, that has a particular price point retail price point, some couple of months to be in advance they are gonna hit the market. They have to make decisions to determine what they are actually gonna price these garments. That is really why there is a bit of a slowdown. We anticipate that as they make these decisions in the very, very short term, that we will continue to see orders rise still anticipating given the visibility we have, that apparel will be sort of mid-single-digit decline for the quarter. On our material side, what it is worth, we have not seen really any impact of tariffs so far. Not seen really any pull forward of orders either in the first quarter. And order patterns for the first three weeks so far would are as expected. Perhaps a little bit of elevated volume in North America, that is probably because we have been discussing potential price surcharges. We do not expect that to be material anyway. Turning to your second quarter, on RFID, will say that absent the tariffs and the macro uncertainty, the underlying business is on track with what we thought it was going to be. Recall that 10% to 15% range that we gave. Again, one of the reasons why we are actually only focused on the second quarter is because even in that 10% to 15% range, apparel still makes up roughly 60% to 65% of our overall sales. And given the uncertainty over there, we thought it better that we focused on the second quarter and what we know now. If I look across the rest of the segments, Ghansham, I do not see any change in the growth programs that we have planned. Which as you recall, we said would scale during the year. They are all on track in the way that we anticipated and remain very confident in those overall.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John McNulty: Yeah. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So a question on the working capital front. It had a relatively decent jump, and I know normally that happens in the first quarter, but it seems bigger than usual. Is that a little bit of repositioning your own products and building up inventory kind of ahead of tariffs? Or if not, can you help us to understand maybe why we saw that ramp up the way that it did? And then just, you know, another kind of somewhat related issue on the low single-digit impact from tariffs. How do you anticipate dealing with that? Is it again, some of it may be moving working capital around ahead of it? Do you expect to be able to get it all through in pricing? I know you mentioned a little bit of price, a little bit of efficiency improvements, but I guess how quickly can you get that pricing through? To help offset some of the tariff headwinds?
Gregory Lovins: Yeah. Thanks for the questions, John. So on working capital, I would not say there is anything really specific to call out. I think when we look at, you know, DSOs and turns and DPOs, each of them had slight increases or decreases from a DPO perspective versus the prior year, but nothing really significant across the businesses. I would say that we had some purchases in the fourth quarter of inventory that got us future rebates that had some impact on our inventories as we exited last year and the payables went out in the first quarter here this year. There is a little bit of an impact for that, but nothing really major that I would look at there. Know, as I talked about in the prepared remarks, you know, we had incentive compensation payments this year obviously significantly higher that went out in Q1 of this year than it was in Q1 of 2024. Given the destocking and things we had in 2023 and the impact that it had on incentive for that year. So that was a big piece of it as well as just higher customer rebate payments that went out in the first quarter of this year. Given the improvement in 2024 versus 2023 as well. So both of those things, higher order of magnitude this year than they were a year ago in Q1. I think when we talk about the tariffs, as you said, you know, our expectation is if everything as of right now and if they go back to the higher rates in a few months, both of those scenarios result in basically low single-digit impact on us from a tariff perspective. We are looking at pricing surcharges as we talked about as well as looking at wherever we can shift sourcing to mitigate some of the tariff impacts. So it will be a combination of those things that we are looking at. Not 100% pricing, but certainly in the US looking at pricing surcharges. That we would expect to go out relatively soon. Now we do have some inventory in the second quarter. So we do not really start to see a big impact from that until we get kind of midway through the second quarter here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. So I just want to see if I can describe what you said about the change in apparel demand from positive mid-single digits to negative mid-single digits in the second quarter. Is this mostly a China event? Or does it have to do with other Asian countries? That is do you see it more as a tariff event rather than an economic event? And then for Greg, know that the company bought back a lot of stock in the first quarter you spent. $260 million, which is more than you spent for the entire 2023 and 2024, but at the same time, what you did is you opt to providing earnings guidance for 2025 and can only see a quarter ahead. Why did you buy so much stock even though the outlook seems to be cloudier?
Deon Stander: Thanks, Jeff. Yes. The change in from mid-single digit to sort of negative mid-single digits overall is based on what we can see at the moment. I talked roughly about what we saw initial order demand looks like as we are working with our customers to determine how best we can help them make sourcing changes, think through the entirety of how can I help them offset some of these costs, but also thinking through where we can help them do pricing changes for garments, whether it is in-country or actually through the supply chain even back into the United States? And largely, this is really a China tariff issue at the moment. That is the way I would characterize it. I think Greg made the point of saying have about $350 million roughly 4% of the company's revenue is on apparel tags and labels that get attached to garments that get exported to the United States. And what we are seeing with customers over there is trying to determine how much they can move to other sourcing locations done that historically for them for a very long time with their prime partner in that. Actually see advantage for us in that. And the second piece is then how do they then also make decisions on what they are gonna price point these into the in the markets ultimately when they arrive? In stateside. I do not see it very easy to distinguish between if it is a tariff issue, if it is an economic issue because, ultimately, any high tariffs of that order of magnitude will have likely consumer volume impact at some point. Again, it is on a very small part of our business overall, and that is the way I would characterize it. I think it also highlights at least for me, Jeff, just the broad strength of the franchise that we have. This is a smaller part in this. We have a significant opportunity in some of our high-value category growth areas. Our base business across the world outside of apparel in China continues to do well. Competitive advantage over there We have a strong balance sheet that we are gonna leverage and move as we move forward through the cycle as well. Alright. Thanks. And, yeah, Jeff, on your question on share buyback, nothing's really changed from our approach to capital allocation. I think you heard us talk about that many times and how we think about capital allocation. Specific to share buybacks. You know, our focus there over the years has been on and know, focused on generating a return on our share buybacks. I think when you look at we started to increase purchases in late fourth quarter, as well as Q1. Coincident with the share price decline that we saw at that point in time. With continued confidence ourselves in the intrinsic value of the company and the stock. So from that perspective, know, we increase the pace of our buybacks accordingly as we think we can then generate a strong return. So that has been our focus in how we think about buybacks. Of course, we use a grid-based approach, and we are disciplined in that. But you know, when we think the share price is in a period where it is declining and well below our intrinsic value, then we will look to accelerate our purchases. So that is what we have done here in the last few months. Think the uncertainty that we are talking about with 2025 and full-year guidance really came about in the last two or three weeks with the increased pace of tariffs and the changes that have happened there. So that is a little bit different than I think our approach. We will continue our approach on buyback, I should say. We will continue you know, with our capital allocation strategies we always had. You know, I would not say that we are necessarily gonna buy, you know, $250 million of shares every quarter, but, of course, we are gonna continue executing our strategy the way we have in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Good morning. Great to hear you back, Greg, and also congrats to Danny. My question's on again, solutions and apparel tags. And so if we think about the amount of volume or revenue that is looking to move from China to elsewhere. Recognize there is gonna be some inertia. Would you be able to satisfy that from your existing locations in other countries right now? Or would there be some leakage, i.e., either because you do not have the capacity in place or for some other reason if so, would there be a way to quantify that? Related question, and we totally understand that the uncertainty might you know, lead to delays in some of the pilots, but I just want to make sure that I am understanding it correctly. You know, coming into the year, the outlook for IL growth was 10% to 15%. With the lower end of that range, Deon seemingly being relatively baked in based on what you knew right now. So can you under help us understand how that may have changed or what the outlook should be as we sit here today given again so much volatility in the last few weeks. Thank you.
Deon Stander: Sure. On the first on your first question, George, what we have historically seen in time is, and this is probably been for the last decade, is we have helped customers move their sourcing for apparel other countries, Bangladesh, Vietnam, Cambodia, Thailand, you know, Latin America, Eastern Europe, is that we have actually, over that time, built up a fairly robust network. It is one of the things that I keep reiterating at it is one of the advantages we have. It is one of the reasons partners work with us in that regard. I will also say that, you know, there is still a substantial amount of garments still being sourced in China. It is a vertical supply chain that it has in that country. Combined with highly efficient manufacturing still makes it an attractive destination. To source apparel in even relative to some other lower-cost environments. And particularly because in some of those other countries, there is not still yet the full value chain established domestically. There is not every piece of componentry that you will need to make garments, and so you are still having to export in those countries as well. Typically, when we see movements, we have more than ample capacity to be able to deal with that, and we do that both through a typical approach in terms of productivity, improving our own processes, but also just in terms of shift management, and as we continue to invest in assets where we see higher returns as well. In the scale of the magnitude of these if the existing tariffs stayed the same rate, we anticipate, you know, roughly 10% or so of what remains now in China to still be probably exported back out to some other regions. This is largely as it relates to US volume. And we know within our network, we can manage it across our network. Again, I will point to whether the industry has enough garment manufacturing and vertical capacity to absorb that approach. And there is probably a question mark there. It will also take time to stand up factories for garment manufacturing to stand up those supply chains. So I think there is an advantage for us there, and we are involved in conversation with all of those with those customers. Just turning to IL. I was very clear when we talked to this last time. I saw that 10% is really strong certainty around that, largely because it was based on existing market for existing customers where they were either growing or they would have new programs that were already in rollouts, and we were just fulfilling those programs. And then the additional 5% we talked about was for new program rollouts, not speculative, but planned for a specific time, and the variability could come if those timing changed. In that 10%, clearly, we still have a very large portion of apparel, George, that is anchored at roughly 60% or 65% is still apparel. And so any volatility or uncertainty as it relates to apparel, particularly the applicability of tariffs now makes it more difficult to understand. And that is why I made the point absent the tariff implications, our IL business the underlying IL business is on track. The programs that we plan to roll out are rolling out. The programs that we are destined to roll out yet from a timing perspective still look to be on that case. We are seeing significant increased interest from our food channel on the strength of what they have seen at the Kroger rollout. Which so far we are in 25% of their stores on track for the rollout over there. And we continue to see really strong interest from the pilots that we have in food that actually expanded even further. In logistics, we continue to see further interest as well. I will still say that is more likely to be a 2026 application rather than the 2025 application. In general retail, we have seen high levels of retailers wanting to drive compliance. And it is one of the reasons we have stood up our Materials Group channel program because we access all of those channel partners, and we have made it a clear focus for ourselves to enable them to be a mechanism for activating industry adoption from which we will benefit significantly as well.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mike Roxland with Truist Securities.
Mike Roxland: Yeah. Thank you, Deon, Greg, and John for taking my questions. Greg, nice to have you back and wishing you continued good health.
Gregory Lovins: Thank you.
Mike Roxland: Just two quick ones for me. Just in terms of Intelligent Label Supply, globally, it seems to be increasing competitive dynamic obviously has negatively impacted the logistics vertical. With the potential for further negative impacts. Before I get a sense, like, Deon, like, what are you doing to try to mitigate any further share erosion in logistics? And then, yeah, just also following up on a comment you just made in response to George's question about deployments for 2026. It sounds like there is something in the pipe with respect to 2026 with logistics. So any additional color you could give us around deployments that could potentially happen next year? Thanks.
Deon Stander: Sure. So, Mike, yeah, I think I have spoken previously about where we see the overall competitive landscape to be for ILUM. I will just remind everybody that it is not just in a singular node. It is a series of nodes. The chip manufacturing, that is not us. There has been taking that chip and putting it on to an inlay specifically designed and attenuated for its applicability, whether it is food, logistics, apparel, whatever the case may be. We are world leaders in that. With much of our intellectual property centered there. Then you are gonna manage data on that device. Again, we are world leaders in that. You have to have some form of hardware or software that or hardware that reads it, and we play partner in that area. And then on the software side, there is a whole stack of software options that enable you to make sense of what that data means, whether it is applications, for reading, whether it is ERP systems. And we selectively play have bought and have stood up applications, including our app and our IO. So I would say across that ecosystem, Mike, we remain the go-to person to enable large-scale rollout and adoption. Is also typically when it rolls out that we tend to be the only or largely predominant supplier. And then in time, as sourcing decisions change within brands, retails, and customers, may bring on a second real service supplier. But we tend to remain the majority supplier. That is what we have seen in every instance in apparel. We have seen this in logistics. And I know I suspect in time as the other segments, Raul, I will be similar. So our aim is to make sure we are maintaining our majority share because we will disproportionately benefit them as these new segments roll out. And we are doing that really in three things. We are continuing to really lean into our innovation capability. And during this year, we will see new innovation, proprietary innovation that we bring to market that is gonna help unlock some of these new segments even further, and we will benefit from that. We lean into our process engineering role to role manufacturing capability producing billions of licenses to maintain our low-cost leadership in the world in this area that also provides us competitive advantage. And I think the final thing is that we have learned over time as the team that most people call the first time how to position the value creation that this technology will provide then we back that up with support throughout the network, whether you are at source, wherever your garments are sourcing, food sourcing, whether you are in the supply chain or even in retail where we help retailers do cultural adoption. So we continue to see that as a predominant and key focus for us as maintaining our advantage in that area. I think on the color as it relates to 2026 and Logistics, all I will say, and I am not gonna comment on individual programs, Mike, is that in the extended pilot that we currently have going outside of UPS, which is our largest customer, every one of those pilots has actually extended slightly. Some of them fairly largely, they are still in the pilot phase where they are testing the returns that they will see largely anchored on labor efficiency, or routing accuracy. They are all direction you there, and if you there is not one of the large logistics providers that we are not engaged with now. If things continue in the progress in the way they are, then I do not see why that we have not seen another progress moving forward as we go through the next year or so. But, again, that will be subject to how that particular customer sees it as a priority within all of their other strategic priorities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Whitehead with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Mike Whitehead: Great. Thanks. Good morning, team. I want to follow up on the raw material side. I think you talked about inflation going into 2Q. You obviously flagged some of the tariff impact. But we have also seen chemical prices like propylene come down quite a bit of late. So can you just walk through the broader raw material basket and what you are seeing in the key areas and how that is sort of all netting out to inflationary in 2Q? Thanks.
Gregory Lovins: Sure. So, yeah, I think when we look at you know, our pure raw material basket, we have got sequentially looking forward relatively stable, maybe we had low single-digit inflation in the first quarter from Q4 to Q1. Mostly paper, a little bit on our films and chemicals, deflationary as well. Think when we look forward to Q2, we see relatively stable outlook, a little bit of maybe a little bit of deflation from our raw material basket, potentially offset by some of the tariffs you know, that I talked about earlier that probably start impacting us here in the middle of the quarter. So think from that perspective overall, it is probably relatively stable. How we are thinking about it right now. Most of our dynamics over the last few quarters have really been on the paper side. More so than on the chemicals or film side for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Roberts with Raymond James.
Matt Roberts: Hey. Good morning, Greg. Welcome back. Glad to hear all is well. Deon, you sound confident in the new program rollout and I do not want to belabor questions already brought up too much. But thinking about the RFID supply chain more broadly, what type of cost impacts or tariff exposures are your suppliers or partners in the RFID value chain facing that could drive cost higher for the end retailer and whether that be wafers for circuits made in China and whether those are exempt or not or anything on the reader. Or printer side. And do any cost increases there add uncertainty into your partner's own planning and the timing of those rollouts or have those investments really already been made from retailers that makes the timing somewhat immune to ongoing uncertainty? Thanks for taking the question.
Deon Stander: Let me see if I can best address that. To the best of our knowledge, we are not anticipating substantial tariff impacts on the predominant pieces that make up the RFP supply chain. I am deliberately excluding semiconductors out of China at the moment. There are chips. Because most of what happens from a semiconductor perspective that we use and the industries at the moment does not come out of China. There are some local for local China pieces, and they get dressed over there. There may be very small elements where they are using chemicals or other substrates to make those that may be subject to some of the limited tariffs, but they are very opaque to us. And I expect very low impact overall. In terms of hardware, there are certainly hardware players that have got manufacturing based in Asia. And then maybe some incremental cost associated with that. But I suspect, like, we are doing, all other companies are trying to make sure they are mitigating those large fees resourcing changes. And so overall, I would suspect that the increased tariff costs to retailers or customers will be very, very limited. And in that regard, I would also say that typically, if you have such a small order of increase, it is not a deterrent. The way we have seen the return on investment for these RFP programs, it pays back within a year. Returns are so strong that it would typically offset any of those. Now in discussion that we have had with our existing plan rollouts that we have currently, this has come up a couple of times, but there has been no indication from any customer that suggests they will pull back. I put that in the context of some of you in our apparel customers who are wanting to roll out. They are clearly looking at their sourcing strategy, but they see still the value of doing this overall. That may change as the environment changes over the next 60 to 90 days. And we will see and once we know more, we will come back and let all of you know.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Please go ahead.
Chris Prella: Hi. It is Chris Prella on for Josh. I wanted to follow up on the capital spend. As you follow or work with your customers to relocate them, is there you know, how much flexibility do you have in the capital outlays or how much more of a step up is required to shift production or serve customers in a new region? And then I have a follow-up question on US demand given it is thirty customers say?
Deon Stander: So on the capital spend, I think I may have touched on this. John. Sorry, Chris. Do not anticipate really a significant step up in capital because we actually have available capacity. We have available shift mechanisms. We continue to work on productivity. I think the things are outlined overall. And we will, and we always do continue to invest in capability and capacity in all of these regions but always returns based. We look at that from an EBA perspective. I cannot remember your specific second question. Maybe John, you can help me on that?
Operator: Just color on US demand right now.
Deon Stander: US demand for overall US demand? Okay. Overall US demand we are seeing at least on the materials business, no change to overall US demand. Think for retailers and brands and apparel, certainly, I think I have indicated there is a current slowdown in orders specifically for China. They think through their pricing strategies and their procurement strategies. But largely for the rest of where they source from those volumes continue to be steady as we expect.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. On the last earnings call, you talked about expecting negative net price in 1Q and then I think, you know, a little bit in 2Q. Q and then stabilizing. And I am just wondering, is that kind of broad cadence still applicable, or does it get pushed out a quarter as you implement surcharges, or is the visibility just kind of out the window? I am just curious how you kinda think about you know, the progression of net price given the kinda cost environment that you talked about in 2Q?
Gregory Lovins: Yeah. I think when we look at, as you said, versus last year, we had price down in the quarter and materials business to go with the year-over-year deflation. As we work through that final part, I guess, of that cycle of inflation, deflation we had, you know, for the last few years. So some price down in Q1 versus the prior year. We would have a little bit more in Q2 versus the prior year. When we look sequentially, we had price down in the first quarter to go with that low single-digit deflation that we had sequentially in the first quarter. And I will put the tariff impacts aside for a second, but otherwise, we would expect a relatively stable environment from a pricing and raw material perspective from Q1 to Q2 sequentially. Now with the tariffs, as we talked about, we will look to implement some surcharges to manage part of that. So you would expect some benefit as we move through the second quarter from a price perspective. Depending on what happens with the tariffs overall and everything, of course. But you would expect some increase in prices as we move through the second quarter to manage that tariff surcharge.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Donegan with Jeff. Please go ahead.
John Donegan: Thanks for taking the question, and I will echo others and welcome you back. Greg, glad to hear you are healthy and back in the seat.
Gregory Lovins: Thank you.
John Donegan: I just wanted to start off with slide fifteen. You gave a nice detailed sales breakout by end markets there. But it does not seem like you guys are considering every logistics exposure as maybe a bit more cyclical. In the current environment. If that is accurate, Dean, you provide some details around why that end market should be a bit more stable and maybe how you can you could touch on some of the logistics businesses and how much of that would be more for international transportation that could be impacted by tariffs trade wars, and ongoing uncertainties.
Deon Stander: So John, the way we think about the logistics piece, which is largely a function within our intelligent labels platform, but we also have some base business as well. And on the material side, where we have got a lot of VI labels that go into box shipments. Let me break that into two pieces. So on our intelligent label side, actually see less variability even though there may be some economic impact to overall logistics if there is a lower volume environment. And less and largely because we have aligned with that significant customer what our absolute volume will be for this year whether that is affected by volume changes or not. So it is largely, I would say, largely secure in terms of where we hence why we see less variability. I think as it relates to if there is more volatility in the volume of volume environment that impacts logistics shipments. Domestic in the United States, for example, or internationally, then some of our VI label growth that we typically see, which goes in this will be slightly impacted. But again, it is a smaller part of the overall business for us. And so we see it as largely mitigatable. Within our control.
Gregory Lovins: Yeah. I would just add to Deon's points on, you know, much of that logistics slice of that pie outside of the intelligent labels portion that goes to logistics. It is really the majority of that is within our materials businesses. I think if you look over past recessionary periods, our materials business has been pretty stable. Certainly, it is not immune to the impacts of a downturn, but has been pretty stable throughout recessions. We have been able to hold or even grow in recessionary periods in that materials business. So we feel good about overall within materials. Our ability to withstand a downturn is pretty strong. Demonstrated that, I think, over the last number of downturns that we have seen globally.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. In the quarter in Intelligent Labels, how did the general retail category do? And given that you expect a change in apparel dynamics in the second quarter. What do you expect for Intelligent Label growth in the second quarter?
Deon Stander: Okay. Jeff, yeah. And general retail in the first quarter was up very low single digits. And as we saw compliance continue to be driven by some of these particular large general retailers who are focused on additional categories they brought in overall. Our outlook for apparel IL in the second quarter had originally been high single digits. Sorry. Our outlook for overall IL originally been high single digits for the quarter. Our expectations when we started the year. And we know now that if the apparel impact that we are seeing, which we are saying is mid-single-digit declines for the whole business, anticipate the range of our IL growth to be probably in the mid-single digits growth. Again, highly variable, could move quite a lot but that is currently where we see it at the moment. I will say that if, again, if you extract the apparel piece out of this, where there is the uncertainty all the other programs that we have and our expectations for them during the second quarter are on track.
Operator: We have time for one more question. Our final question is a follow-up from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Thanks very much. I will ask a couple of questions in sequence here. So you talk about the trigger points for additional structural actions. Deon, Greg, can you talk a little bit about what you mean by that? I mean, we directionally know, but if you could put some details around that or timing or what the trigger points might be which would then drive the actions. Second question, back to the earlier comment on sourcing. In China, and I think I heard you, Deon, say that based on current tariffs, that roughly 10% of what you were seeing of your volume would look to be moved to other countries from China. Correct me if I was incorrect in sort of your interpretation of your answer there. What happens, you know, if we go back to the prior tariff? Is there a way to sort of scale what that movement might look like and whether you would still have the capacity to take on that volume if it moves in a new tariff regime? Thanks very much, and good luck in the quarter.
Deon Stander: Thank you, George. In terms of the way we think about, let me address the sourcing piece first, and we will get to trigger points after, and between Greg and I will handle that. When I laid out what I thought is around 10% movement from the existing piece that is left in China. It is probably at the upper end of what we would see possibly from a supply chain capacity perspective. I am talking broader supply chain, not ourselves. What we know in previous tariffs when they went up, I think, during the first administration, prior to the Biden administration was that we saw tariffs increase, and we saw more of a steady but slow migration over time. They were not substantial enough to drive divert the action straight away. And we were able to respond as we were. If there is more of a substantive requirement, so let us say over the next nine to twelve months, people want to move by season. Substantial portions, then the gating factor is first gonna be can they get the capacity at apparel garment or shoe manufacturing in those countries? The supply chain stands up to support all of that, and then they typically turn to us and say, can you help make that possible? And, generally, even in the extreme section situation like that, I think we will have the capacity to be able to address that.
Gregory Lovins: Yeah. And, George, to your other question about trigger points, I think you know, when we look at various trigger points, of course, the landscape on what happened to a tariff as we move across this quarter, it clearly will be one thing we are keeping an eye on in terms of how that evolves in know, hopefully, we end up with some negotiations that when we get through a few months now that they do not go back up, or even the China wants to hopefully come down as we start to hear some easing about last night. So, hopefully, we see some improvement there, but that is something we will keep an eye on and how that evolves and then from that perspective, where that puts projections for GDP, in the macro environment for this year. So we know that you know, projections over the last couple of weeks have come down a little bit. From a number of sources, so we will continue to monitor that. And see how that evolves. And, of course, we will continue talking to our customers, particularly in apparel, given the China dynamics there and understanding how they are looking at things, whether they are shifting manufacturing to other regions like we just talked about, etcetera. There are a number of different trigger points we will keep an eye on as we move through the quarter. Know, we are following a similar playbook that has we have done how we have done in recent downturns. We look at 2020, or even in 2023 when we had the destocking. Will look at temporary savings buckets, whether that be you know, volume-driven actions or belt-tightening and discretionary spend reductions, things like that. And then we will look at, are there other structural actions that will accelerate or not? We already increased our restructuring savings expectations for the year here in our numbers we provided you this morning as well.
Deon Stander: Joseph, the only thing I would add to what Greg said is as you know, we will actually tend to probably be seeing any changes in the macro environment prior to many other companies because of the role that we play in the supply chain. So whether it is in our solutions business or in materials business, we are probably likely to see demand soften ahead of many other people as well. And part of that advantage then allows us to pull into play the playbook that Greg was talking about. I think it is for me, it just constantly underlines the fact that the strength of the franchise we have is really resilient. You know, we have gone through down cycles and when they have happened in the past, we have actually been able to not only maintain margins on material in our materials business, slight decrement in our solutions business, but actually come about an overall stronger both from a share perspective and a market perspective overall. And I do not see that changing as we move forward. This time around, I think we also have other levers that we are able to pull, not least our high-value categories, some of which are somewhat immune to even cyclical call out Vespom as an example. This is a business for us where we are seeing significant growth because of some of the new customer. And typically in downturns, when either pricing changes or there is less volume, you need more promotional activity and actually somewhat counterintuitively best come business will actually thrive more in a downturn economic cycle. Again, highlighting the resilience of our solutions group actually different to what it was even in 2020 when we saw the last real significant change overall. So I think overall, I think we are well-positioned. Should growth continue, we have all of the innovation we bring to the market. We have the strength of our base business, but these great high-value categories differentiate, including IL, and should things change, we have a really robust playbook that allows us to take action protect earnings, and take advantage of market dislocations where we see opportunities as well.
Operator: And that concludes our question and answer session. Mister Eble, I will now turn the call back to you for any closing remarks.
John Eble: Thanks, Regina. To recap, delivered a strong first quarter in a dynamic environment, we are well prepared for a variety of macro scenarios. And we expect to grow earnings sequentially in the second quarter. Most importantly, we are well-positioned to continue delivering superior value through this cycle for all of our stakeholders. Thank you for joining today. This now concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Welcome to Avery Dennisons Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year Ended on December 28, 2024. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay after 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time today and until midnight, Eastern Time, February 05, 2025. To access the replay, please dial 1-800-770-2030 or 1-609-800 for international callers. The conference ID number is 5855706. Id now like to turn the call over to John Eble, Avery Dennisons Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Eble: Thank you, Jeanine. Please note that throughout todays discussion, well be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled from GAAP on schedules A-4 to A-8 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release. We remind you that well make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the safe harbor statement included in todays earnings release. On the call today are Deon Stander, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Danny Allouche, Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy & Corporate Development Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer. Ill now turn the call over to Deon.
Deon Stander: Thanks John and hello everyone. Im pleased to report another year of excellent progress towards our long-term strategic and financial goals. For the year sales grew 5%, adjusted EBITDA margin expanded by 130 basis points and adjusted EPS grew 19% at the high end of our original guidance. Both our Materials and Solutions Groups delivered strong top and bottom line results with our base businesses recovering from downstream inventory destocking in 2023 as expected, strong productivity driven margin expansion and our high value categories delivered strong growth once again demonstrating the strength of the overall franchise. Over the long-term, our overriding objective remains the same to deliver GDP-plus growth and top quartile returns on capital, a recipe for superior value creation. In this context, we continue to make strong progress against our 2025 financial targets despite multiple macro disruptions in recent years. Recall, this represents our fourth set of long-term goals after meeting or beating our previous three sets. As you can see on Slide 6, we have a proven track record delivering GDP-plus growth, margin expansion and top quartile returns across cycles including delivering 9% earnings growth excluding currency so far in this current cycle. Strategically, we continue to drive outsized growth in high value categories enabling us to shift the portfolio to become more differentiated with higher growth and higher margin. These categories now represent almost half of our portfolio and accounted for roughly 3 points of organic sales growth annually over the past four years. Our high value platforms excluding Intelligent Labels accounted for roughly 2 points and Intelligent Labels accounted for roughly 1 point. More broadly, our consistent performance reflects the strength and the durability of our portfolio, the resilience of our industry leading market positions, our agile and talented global team and the consistent execution of our key strategies. This has and continues to provide us multiple levers to deliver strong results and compound earnings in various scenarios across cycles. Our playbook is working well as we execute on our five strategic pillars across both our primary businesses driving outsized growth in high value categories, growing profitably in our base businesses, leading at the intersection of the physical and digital, effectively allocating capital and relentlessly focusing on productivity and leading in an environmentally and socially responsible manner. In Materials Group, our highest returns business, we delivered strong top line growth in 2024 driven by significant volume growth as our markets recovered from inventory destocking in 2023 with strong margin expansion. This reflects continued above average growth from our high value categories and presence in emerging markets, two key catalysts for growth over the long-term and ongoing contribution from productivity improvement initiatives. Our leadership position in our base business remains strong. We continue to differentiate ourselves through quality and service, strong material science and process technology capabilities and sustainable innovation over the long-term. This foundation along with the breadth of our overall portfolio provides the platform for us to drive growth as we balance price, volume, mix and share while reducing complexity and tailoring our go to market strategies. Our strategy to expand our position in high value categories, which makes up more than a third of Materials Group sales including specialty and durable labels, graphics and reflective solutions and industrial tapes is working. We delivered mid single digit organic growth for these products in 2024. We continue to help our customers address complex challenges. Our efforts in 2024 resulted in new innovations and portfolio extensions that reduce supply chain waste, extend product performance and lifespan and foster packaging circularity. A couple of highlights include introducing the first RecyClass-certified label solution for high density polyethylene consumer packaging to help brands address growing packaging recyclability and waste regulations and extending our portfolio of linerless solutions to address a long-standing productivity challenge with our converting partners. On the productivity front, Materials Group continues to consistently deliver. Our focus on material reengineering, lean operating principles and fixed cost innovation remain key to our success not just as a means to expand margins but also to enhance our competitiveness, particularly in our base business and provide a source of funding for reinvestment. In Solutions Group, we delivered strong top line growth and margin expansion driven by strength in the base business as apparel industry volumes normalized following destocking in 2023 and growth in high value solutions. Overall, apparel growth was strong across all product, customer and format categories including performance, fast-fashion and value. Within high value solutions, which delivers higher than average segment margins, Embelex grew roughly 25% for the year including the impact of acquisitions. As a reminder, this growth platform is driven by increased consumer personalization and fan engagement in team sports and growth in performance athletic category. We continue to invest organically and inorganically in this now roughly $325 million platform that has grown roughly 15% annually on an organic basis over the last six years. Vestcom, our market leading suite of productivity and media solutions for the retail shelf-edge, delivered softer than initially anticipated sales in 2024, primarily on lower volume in the drugstore channel driven by store closures. Im pleased to announce that we recently signed a new partnership with CVS Health to launch Vestcom shelf-edge solution chainwide with rollout in the first half of 2025. We expect Vestcom will deliver strong growth in 2025, continuing to deliver above average growth over the long-term. Turning to enterprise wide Intelligent Labels. As you can see on Slide 11, we grew 9% on an organic basis in 2024 below our initial expectations, reaching roughly $900 million in revenue including currency translation. Strong growth in apparel categories up roughly 20% and general retail categories up more than 40% was partially offset by decline in logistics as we lacked the largest RFID program single wave rollout in the industrys history in 2023. Sales and logistics were lower in 2024 on the year-on-year comparison to the initial program build, typical share normalization and the impact from packages that did not receive RFID enabled tags earlier in the year. We continue to be the significant majority share provider for this customer on the strength of our partnership and value creation. Importantly, as we did when we first drove adoption in apparel, weve also captured multiple learnings on the adoption dynamics in this new category that will positively support active pilot expansion and likely conversion in 2026. In food, we announced a strategic collaboration with Kroger in October focused on making possible more frequent and accurate inventory information to maximize freshness, reducing waste in perishable categories and improving the consumer and associate experience. The collaboration will begin rolling out in the bakery department across the Kroger network in 2025. This will be the first grocer moving to rollout for item level RFID tagging and represents a significant step forward for our Intelligent Labels platform and the industry overall in a very large addressable market with significant opportunity for growth in the years to come. Across the enterprise, we expect to deliver 10% to 15% growth in Intelligent Labels in 2025, contributing 1 to 1.5 points to total company growth, as adoption continues in both retail and newer categories. We expect end market and existing customers to deliver roughly 10% growth and are targeting pipeline conversion to deliver roughly another 5% growth. We expect the pace of growth will increase throughout the year due to the targeted timing of pipeline conversions of key programs. We continue to believe that physical items will need a digital identity to help solve challenges such as labor efficiency and supply chain effectiveness, waste reduction, circularity and transparency, and to help better connect brands and their consumers. And our competitive advantages here are clear, we provide labeling materials that decorate and provide information on most of the worlds items and we are the market leaders in the most ubiquitous, broadly applicable, sensing technology in UHF RFID. This, combined with our innovation leadership and our go-to-market strategy, uniquely positions us to lead and win in multiple new categories with more than 250 billion units of opportunity at the nascent point of industry growth. As such, we will continue to invest to capture the significant opportunity ahead as we grow the overall industry through both the Solutions and Materials Group. Stepping back, as I reflect after five quarters as CEO, my conviction in the earnings power and returns of our franchise remains high. We have multiple levers, individually and collectively, that we have proven over time and through cycles can consistently drive out performance for our stakeholders. We are exposed to diverse and growing markets largely anchored in consumer staples. We are industry leaders in our primary businesses with clear competitive advantages in scale and innovation. We have a strong foundation in our base business delivering GDP growth and strong free cash flow. We have clear catalysts for significant long-term growth in emerging markets and in high value categories that are competitively differentiated with higher margins and which are increasingly a larger part of our portfolio. We have an engaged global team with a strong innovation and productivity culture that continually learns, is agile and adjusts to win. And we have a strong balance sheet and disciplined approach to capital allocation that provide us significant investment flexibility to drive earnings growth and expand EVA. Taken together, these levers will enable us to not only continue to deliver on the potential of our business, but also expand that potential moving forward. We remain confident that we will continue to generate superior value creation through a balance of GDP plus growth, margin expansion and top quartile returns over the long term. In 2025, we expect to again deliver strong earnings growth with adjusted EPS of $9.80 to $10.20, up roughly 10% excluding currency. I want to thank our entire team for their continued resilience, focus on excellence and commitment to addressing the unique challenges in 2024. And with that, Im now going to hand over the call to Danny Allouche. As you likely know, Danny has been with the company for 14 years leading Strategy and M&A, and has been a critical thought partner for our leadership team over the last decade. Id like to thank Danny for stepping in as Interim CFO, while Greg recovers. And Im happy to let you know that Greg has made great progress and we look forward to his likely return in the spring.
Danny Allouche: Thanks Deon. And hello everyone. I will first provide some additional color on our fourth quarter results and our progress against our long-term financial targets, then walk you through our 2025 outlook. In the fourth quarter we delivered strong adjusted earnings per share of $2.38 in line with our expectations, up sequentially and up 10% compared to prior year, driven by benefits from higher volume and productivity. Compared to prior year, sales were up 3.5% ex-currency and 3.3% on organic basis as mid-single digit volume growth was partially offset by deflation-related price reductions. Adjusted EBITDA margins were strong at 16.4% in the quarter, up 40 basis points compared to prior year, with adjusted EBITDA dollars up 6% compared to prior year. Regarding productivity, we delivered $14 million of restructuring savings in the fourth quarter and $63 million of savings for the full year, continuing our track record of optimizing our cost structure, while investing to drive profitable growth. We generated strong adjusted free cash flow of $280 million in the fourth quarter and $700 million in the full year with solid working capital results resulting in 100% adjusted free cash flow conversion. As you can See On Slide 12, we continue to execute our disciplined capital allocation strategy. Our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of two at the end of the year. This enables us to continue to invest organically in our business, steadily and consistently grow our dividend, make acquisitions that help accelerate our strategies, and strategically buy back stock to maximize our returns. In 2024 we returned $525 million to our shareholders through the combination of dividends and share repurchases. In the fourth quarter, we significantly accelerated our pace of share buyback, purchasing roughly 700,000 shares, more than half of our repurchases for the year. We will continue to execute our capital allocation strategy and take advantage of market opportunities. Turning to the segment results for the fourth quarter. Materials Group sales were up 4% ex. currency and on organic basis driven by mid-single digit volume growth partially offset by deflation related price reductions. Organically high value categories were up high-single digits driven by strength in specialty and durable labels and the base business was up low-single digits. Overall, label volume was modestly below our expectations driven by softer demand and customer managing their year-end working capital. Looking at Label Materials organic volume trends versus prior year in the quarter, North America was up mid-single digits; Europe was up low single digits; Asia-Pacific was up low single digits; and Latin America was up mid-single digits. Also, compared to Q4 last year, on an organic basis, Graphic and Reflectives sales were up low-to-single mid digits and Performance Tapes and Medical were comparable to prior year. Materials Group delivered a strong adjusted EBITDA margin of 17% in the fourth quarter, up 80 basis points compared to prior year driven by higher volume and mix and benefits from productivity, partially offset by the net impact of pricing and raw materials input cost. Regarding raw material cost, globally we saw very modest deflation sequentially in the fourth quarter and our current outlook is for similar trends sequentially in the first quarter. Where applicable, we have passed along price reductions to our customers. Shifting now to Solutions Group. Sales were up 3% ex-currency and on an organic basis with base solutions up mid-teens in line with our expectations as Apparel volume remained normalized and our high-value solutions were down mid-single digits below our expectations. Within high-value solutions, Vestcom declined low single digits but grew late in the quarter and we expect strong growth in the first half of 2025, partially driven by the new agreement we signed with a leading U.S. health solution company that Deon mentioned earlier. In our enterprise-wide Intelligent Labels while sales were up 9% for the year, sales were down low single digits for the fourth quarter below our expectations with strong growth in the materials channel and mid-single digit decline in solutions. We delivered roughly 15% growth in apparel and more than 40% in general retail which were more than offset by a decline in logistics. Solutions Group delivered strong adjusted EBITDA margin of 17.8%, down 40 basis points compared to prior year, as benefits from productivity and higher volume were more than offset by higher employee related cost, investment and mix. Now shifting to our long-term performance. Some of you may recall that we embarked on a transformation strategy back in 2012, initially focused on strengthening our foundation, improving profitability and shoring up our portfolio and balance sheet. We then began to take a much more segmented approach to our strategy, improving our growth and margins in our base business, as well as significantly increasing our focus on higher value products and solutions as a mean to further accelerate our growth and expand margins. Initially our focus was organic, until we earned the right to leverage strategic acquisitions as a means to accelerate our strategies, as well as to enter attractive adjacencies. And over the last couple of years weve begun to build a new chapter including leveraging both of our businesses to connect the physical and digital. Throughout this journey we have relied on our heritage of excellent execution, continuous improvement and productivity which enables us to consistently deliver strong results in multiple ways and in various scenarios, all while we continue to deploy capital in a disciplined manner, invest organically in our business, consistently grow our dividend, acquire attractive assets at good value and earn a strong return on our share buyback. This approach continues to serve us well in the 2025 cycle despite having to manage through compounding crisis. Through the first four years of this cycle, our sales growth excluding currency was up 7% annually above our target of 5% including two points of growth from M&A, a key part of our strategy over the long-term. Over the same period, organic growth was up 5% annually with high value categories contributing roughly three points of growth. Adjusted EBITDA dollars grew roughly 9% annually excluding currency translation, with adjusted EBITDA margin expanding 110 basis points to 16.4% in 2024 ahead of targets. As for adjusted EPS, we delivered 7.4% growth annually. While our reported results are lower than we have targeted for the cycle, we are achieving our strategic objectives in this period. Excluding currency and the impact of acquisition intangibles amortization expense for acquisitions that closed after our target was established, our adjusted EPS growth was up more than 10% annually. Finally, our return on total capital in 2024 was strong at 16%, continuing to be top quartile. As always, our focus will continue to be on optimizing the balance of growth, margin and capital efficiency to drive incremental EVA over the long-term. Now shifting to our outlook for 2025. For 2025, overall, we anticipate continued GDP plus growth and expanding margins with adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $9.80 to $10.20, up 7% to 12%, excluding the impact of currency translation. We have outlined the full year contributing factors on Slide 13 of our supplemental presentation materials. To highlight a few of the key drivers of our guidance, we anticipate 3% to 4% organic sales growth with mid-single digit volume growth. We expect our base business will continue to grow at roughly GDP levels in high-value categories to grow high single digits. Assuming current rates, we estimate a roughly $30 million headwind to operating income from currency translation. We estimate restructuring savings net of transition costs of roughly $40 million. We will continue to target roughly 100% adjusted free cash flow conversion, and we will be migrating for our 52 or 53-week fiscal year to a calendar year, which will add roughly two extra working days at the end of Q4 2025. In Q1, we expect adjusted earnings per share will be up slightly versus prior year, including a large currency headwind. As 2025 progresses, we expect the pace of earnings growth will increase each quarter driven by high-value solutions, rollouts, base label volume growth and productivity actions earn a year, taking full effect in the second half. In summary, we delivered strong results in 2024 at the high end of our original guidance and expect to deliver strong results in the year ahead. At our 2025 mid-point, we will deliver sales and growth  sales growth and margin above our long-term targets and generate approximately 9% adjusted EPS CAGR ex-currency all while keeping our top quartile returns. This also positions us well to deliver on the most recent 2028 targets we laid out in September. We remain confident in our ability to continue to deliver exceptional value to all of our stakeholders through our strategies of long-term profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation. Now well open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Thanks, everybody. Good morning. My question, can you talk specifically about what your assumptions are for growth in logistics within IL for 2025. And just given the headlines today, theres news about a large customer of yours seeing a large pullback in volume from one of their customers. What effect, if any, is that having on your IL growth plans, both in 2025 and longer-term? Thank you.
Deon Stander: Hi George, this is Deon. Thank you for the question. We  our plan for particularly in Logistics segment, is that we would assume a slight decline between 2024 and 2025 and specifically as it relates to this customer, the impact that you mentioned, we have already factored that in, in discussion with our customer into our 10% to 15% IL growth range. As part of our partnership agreement, we have aligned volumes for 2024  from 2024 to 2025, and were not assuming any further adoptions during the 2025 calendar year, as I pointed out, more likely that those adoptions will continue in 2026. I will say that the experiences that weve learned through this initial adoption in this first category and the taking  the earnout that weve taken from it are going to really provide impetus for us as we go to the pilot phase that were with it, all the other major logistics providers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Baird. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi: Yes. Hey guys, good morning. Danny, welcome the call, and thats also great news, and that you shared on Greg as well. So I guess, first off, on the Materials segment, what are you embedding for core sales growth for 2025? And how does that breakdown between volume and price?
Deon Stander: Hi Ghansham, yes. So our assumptions for 2025 and our guidance range are really based at the macro starting point, and were factoring in not much change in GDP overall between 24% and 25% based on the recent  most recent forecast. And actually, more particularly, if you look at the forecast for retail volumes globally, they are slightly up in 2025 versus 2024, but still roughly at that 1% level overall. Feedback from our customers actually and from end customers depending on, of course, of end segments largely mirrors this. And I suspect that reflects some of the degree of caution that is still out there, both at the macro level, some of the policy level, some of the geopolitical level as well. So our 3% to 4% range assumes GDP growth in the base business at the company level somewhat adjusted for apparel cannibalization in IL. And in the Materials business, were assuming kind of mid-single digit volume growth and a little bit of price within that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas from J.P. Morgan. Sir, please go ahead.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Can you talk about raw material cost inflation or deflation for 2025?
Danny Allouche: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. So overall, from a material inflation perspective, were seeing a stable environment. Slight, like I said in my prepared remarks, slightly  slight deflation in Q4, and we expect to be a slight deflation also in Q1, but overall stable environment into 2025. From a raw material price relationship, we think that the cycle is pretty much over, and so we are kind of caught up. That said, on a year-over-year basis, we still see some negative raw material pricing in our model for 2025. Given the time lag between the time we pass prices on a significant deflation we saw at the end of 2023. So if you think about it, we typically said there is one to two quarters lag between when we see deflation when we pass the pricing. And so were modeling some of that into Q1 and a little bit into Q2 of 2025. And after that, we see it stabilizing. Going forward, well continue to manage kind of price raw material relationship in the way weve done it in the past. Were over the cycle, we expect them to be neutral and us kind of benefiting from our cost-out activities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Roberts from Raymond James. Sir, please go ahead.
Matt Roberts: Good morning, everybody. Thank you for the time. Yes. I wanted to ask on apparel and general retail, so general retail accelerated in 4Q all the way from 20% to 40%. Maybe you could talk about what drove that acceleration and how we should think about that progression in 2025? And similarly, apparel decelerated, it seems you have easy comps on apparel in the first half. So how should we think about apparel growth in the first half versus the second half? Basically Im just trying to get confident on the acceleration in each of those given kind of each end market in intelligent labor has some unique timing impacts? Thanks.
Deon Stander: Thanks, Matt. Specifically, in general retail, we continue to see an acceleration for IL volume as we went through the year. And thats largely on a very large retailer continuing to drive compliance in the various categories that theyve laid out for IL adoption. And while they may announce them in time, it takes a while for those compliance to come through their supplier base. And were actively involved in supporting that supplier base as they drive through that compliance piece. On apparel, overall, we certainly saw significant volume in 2024, Matt, largely because of the comparison the normalization of volume in 2024 relative to 2023, when we saw the destocking. And particularly, in IL apparel, as we got towards the end of the year, we still had very strong IR growth in apparel. Not quite as strong as wed anticipated in the fourth quarter, because theres one or two key program pieces that just moved slightly from a timing perspective into this year. When I look into general retail for 2025, were going to continue to see strong growth as we move forward as that compliance both continues to accelerate, and new other general merchandise retailers are planned through the cycle for some degree of early adoption as well. And then we look at apparel overall, were expecting low double-digit growth in apparel in 2025 for IL. Thats based on the apparel core business, the market itself being somewhat around GDP to GDP minus typically as we see because of the cannibalization of the core business from IL. But in IL, specifically, that low double-digit performance is predicated on existing customers that were rolling out during last year and continuing into this year. And then we have on the upside in that 10% to 15% range I talked about for IL. We also have some new customers planned for adoptions we go sequentially through the year, and those can always be adjusted for timing. Were real confidence in our apparel performance overall as we look at IL. I will make the point that when you look at our IL volumes overall for 2025 in this 10% to 15% range, this 10% range for us represents known programs rolling now, delivering volume right now, we have a real strong line of sight to that. The additional 5% growth as we go through that is unknown programs that are likely to adopt. But again, there may be some timing variances as we go through that. And this gives us the confidence that in the long-term, were going to continue to see that 15% plus growth rate over the long-term.
Danny Allouche: Yes. And I can just jump in, one, just to make sure  because I think your question was a little bit of our first half, second half post on apparel IL. So we do expect growth in Apparel IL to accelerate throughout the year as some of these programs that Deon mentioned kind of rolling out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John McNulty: Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So maybe just a follow-up on that logistics customer with the announcement that was out today from them. Can you help us to think about the cadence of how those volume declines may roll through as we look through 2025? Is it lumpy? Or is it relatively smooth? Have you seen any of that impact already, whether it was in the fourth quarter or in early 2025? Thanks.
Deon Stander: Thanks, John. From our perspective, its very difficult to call how that volume performance and that particular customers transition will happen during the year. Theyve given some guidance on that, I think more generally and thematically, our strength in the way were thinking about that partnership with them, we know what volumes we have aligned with them for 2024. Weve built that into our guidance, and were going to  and their commitment to us is on that volume leverage, which  sorry, on that volume level, which continues to provide us significant majority share in that account as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector from UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector: Yes, thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to ask on Solutions margins. I know sequentially kind of messy, but sales were up a pretty decent amount, but the EBITDA increase was relatively small. So I dont know how much you attribute that to mixed, cost or increased investments that youre doing. So one will happen in the quarter. And then two, as you look over the next year with the rollouts that were talking about, what do you think the incremental margins look like in solutions?
Danny Allouche: Yes. Thanks, Josh. Yes, so I think you called the biggest issue, which was really mix in the quarter. As you heard, the high value solutions within solutions was down mid-single digits. And so that was a big impact. The other thing, there was also a small  relatively smaller kind of double cost on our Mexico plant that weve started in the quarter. And so that was another impact I would call out that margin year-over-year or for the full year have been up from 2023 to 2024. And to your last part of your question, we do expect margins to continue to expand next year as we accelerate kind of a high-value segment growth. For example, the Vestcom program that Deon mentioned earlier, IL, et cetera, all these elements should drive our margin higher in 2024  in 2025, sorry.
Deon Stander: And maybe just one quick thing to add, Josh. As Danny mentioned, the mix that we expect next year should potentially result in a higher flow-through than average. And I think you kind of know in this business, we tend to need about 2 points of growth on the top line to cover general inflation in most years, and then we tend to see about a 30% flow-through after that on volume. So depending on where the growth comes from and obviously with the expectations for better growth in the high-value categories, we could see a little bit above average in 2025.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Roxland from Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Roxland: Yes, thank you, Dion, Danny and John, for taking my questions and happy to hear that Greg is doing better. Im happy to hear that Greg is doing better. You mentioned  just want to flow up on the logistics customer. You mentioned that year  so just a customer is committed to those volumes for you this year. And as that  those volumes obviously include the adjustment that being made given one of your customers. But the volumes last year from that  from the logistics cost were also choppy. Im sure they went into the year, maybe promise to you certain levels their business is a little choppy and they didnt execute at the level that you expected it to. So what gives you the confidence that theyre going to be able to keep the volumes they promised you this year? And then just secondly, quickly, you met a couple of quarters that you mentioned a delay in some customer deployment is now getting pushed from 2024 to 2025. Do you have a better sense now when they should be deployed in 2025 communication lines where vertical being late to.
Deon Stander: Yes. Thanks, Mike. On the confidence on the logistics volume, I think we have high confidence based on what we know now. Weve learned a lot, as I said, Mike, through this kind of first adoption, and that learning in that kind of first and second year really matters when you come to sort of being able to plan out what is going to happen sequentially from a volume perspective, service priority and also innovation that we bring to bear in the count as we continue to help them progress on their IL journey as well. I think overall, we did see some choppiness in the volume as I talked about during 2024 and some of the products didnt have RFID packages enabled packages they went through. Thats all been resolved now. And I contend that the their use of the technology has significantly continued to improve, and theyre talking about, as you know, in their journey, moving it not just from where it is in the last mile fulfillment center to the van, to the delivery point and ultimately actually back to the source as well. And were involved in all those segments of their development and providing both innovation support and actually expertise as well. Referring to your second question around delays overall. Its not atypical, Mike, that we see. And particularly in some programs, they may ship one or two quarters depending on how the timing of those goes. Weve seen that historically right since the start of this journey. Theres nothing material or significant in any of those changes. And its part of the reasons why when I look forward into this year to 2025, and I talked about that an incremental 5% growth, we have planned those rollouts based on what we know and discussions weve had and the successful pilots and trials. But again they could move a month, two months a quarter, depending, and thats why we have this range of sort of 10% to 15%. I will also just take a step back, Mike, if you dont mind, and just reflect for everybody just the history of what weve talked about for the business, and I really want to reemphasize the strength of the franchise that we have. We dont have just one lever that I know a lot of attention is on IL. We have multiple high-value categories that we talked about. We have Vestcom, we have Embelex, we have our Materials group, high-value segments. These contribute currently more than we currently have for IL. IL has the greatest growth profile, but each one of these is going to grow significantly in 2025 on existing and new customers that were going to roll out. And I talk briefly around what we saw for our Embelex business and for our Vestcom business as well. But thats not just the only leave on growth. We also have our base business really anchored in consumer staples, providing GDP growth around the world  we have a really strong balance sheet that were able to use to leverage in a disciplined way to drive earnings. We have a talented team and our market positions are really strong as well. And if you think about over the past 10 years plus years, how weve been able to deliver in a matter of the circumstances, we have the levers in our franchise to be able to pull either singularly or collectively, that will continue to allow us to deliver double-digit earnings growth as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Leithead from Barclays. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Leithead: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Can you maybe just speak more to the initial capital allocation plans this year? I think in the slides, you talked about ample capacity for M&A and buyback. So I guess, just how does the M&A pipeline currently look? And then do the debt coming due this year, do you intend to refinance all of that or pay some of that off with cash generation?
Danny Allouche: Thanks, Michael. Yes. So overall, Ill say that our capital allocation strategy really hasnt changed and remained the same as what we did over the last few years. Weve always said that we would like to have strong balance sheet that we can pursue strategic acquisitions that can help accelerate our strategies or growth margins, et cetera, as well as take advantage of market dislocations. And so for 2025, we will continue with the same playbook. We can continue to pursue M&A that is strategic to us that we can acquire attractive valuation as well as take advantage of market dislocations in the market to share buyback like weve done in the fourth quarter. So I dont see anything materially changing. Were in a great spot to be able to drive earnings growth as well as EVA, and well continue to execute on that strategy.
Deon Stander: Michael, let me just double click on something Danny said at the end there. I just want to reemphasize how as an organization, both the leadership level through the organization by program, by business unit, we are truly EVA focused, really makes sure that we optimize this balance of growth, margin and capital efficiency. And we have the balance sheet to be able to do that to drive any one of those levers as we see as well as a really strong foundation for the way that we can continue to compound earnings as we move forward.
John Eble: And one thing just to add on the debt side, we  yes, we do have 500 million coming due in March. So that will be repaid, and we actually issued 500 million of senior notes in early November in the same regard at 3.75% to full repayment. So dont anticipate needing to raise in the near term.
Deon Stander: Yes. Thanks, John. One just to link one other thing to this is that you can see on our supplemental materials as well that were calling out interest  net interest expense. We expect that to be slightly up next year because of that refinancing that we did at a higher rate than the bond that came due  that is coming due in March.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citi. Please go ahead.
Bryan Burgmeier: Its actually Bryan Burgmeier sitting in for Anthony. Thank you for taking the question. Just theres a lot of discussion on potential tariffs in the United States right now. Just wondering if you can remind us, does Avery ship a meaningful amount of products from Canada and Mexico in or out of the United States? I know theres an RFID facility that Avery built in Mexico. Im not sure if those come into the United States or if they could face tariffs. Just general thoughts on how tariffs could impact Avery as we watch these play out? Thank you.
Deon Stander: Thanks, Bryan. Let me start at the high level. Our direct exposure to tariffs is very limited. One of the strengths of our business is that were really good at scenario planning. Weve proven that over time. And no matter where there are policy changes, geopolitical risk, we tend to have scenarios planned out for those. Id also say as a point of general reference, we largely procure and produce and sell in the same region. And when we procure internationally, we have multiple suppliers that were able to leverage. Id essentially say our global network is also allows us to have the capability to flex production wherever we need to. Thats a really strong key competitive advantage for us. Let me talk a bit specifically about  I know theres been two discussions on two sort of areas. So one around China. China for us, about half of our China business is actually in our Materials Group, which the vast majority of which is basically sold as labels in the Chinese market for label consumption in the Chinese market. The other half is in our apparel business, which we add tags and labels to garments that are largely exported to the United States and Europe. And we have seen and supported our brands over the last 10, 15 years and helping them manage migration if they see fit, to want to move production from one country like China to another like Vietnam or to Honduras, we are enabled  we enabled that to do that given the strength of our network around the world. If there may be some modest indirect exposure in this area to tariffs in the event that higher costs on apparel effectively translate to somewhat the lower overall demand and that may be a possibility. In Mexico, specifically, we do have some more direct exposure there. We just recently built, opened and established and are running our New Mexico Intelligent Labels facility. But as part of our scenario planning that we have enough network capacity if we need to choose to move it around, including in the United States, should we need to do that as well overall, Bryan.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America. Sir, please go ahead.
George Staphos: Yes, hi. I wanted to go to Slide 7, and as kind of a two-part question on Vestcom before I turn back into queue. So you say that in total, high-value categories this year will be two to 3.5 points of volume. IL, assuming your forecasts are accurate, thats one to 1.5 points as I take it, which would leave one to two points residual. If I then look at Materials, Materials are saying youre looking for mid-single-digit growth out of your high-value categories and materials, which is about over 1/3 of the Materials segment and that in turn is whatever, 3/4 of the company. So thats another point plus that doesnt leave a whole lot of growth, Ive done the math right for growth in Embelex or Vestcom even though it sounds like youre positive on both and certainly Vestcom, you talked about a new pharmacy customer that youre bringing in. So help me square that circle in terms of if there is growth in Embelex and Vestcom, while were not necessarily seeing maybe more growth in high value. Relatedly, can you talk about what the growth in Vestcom should be? You gave some color down early and then up later. What growth are you looking for Vestcom this year? And whats the contribution to earnings there? Thank you, guys.
Deon Stander: All right. Let me see if I can unpack that, George, I capture those questions. So let me just start with Embelex overall. We expect Embelex to grow double digits this year, high single digits to low double digits depending on kind of the performance overall. And thats really anchored in a couple of things. The actual industry for personalized engagement and fan engagement has continued to be very strong throughout the years as well. And weve seen that industry  our own business growing 15% plus over the last six years. Particularly in this year, were going to continue to see further rollouts of new customers. And this is both at the product level. So imagine in performance athletic, the badges, the branding that go on to some of our performance athletic customers, particularly as one performance athlete customer looks likely to recover as they move through this year. On the Team Sports side, where we continue to win new team sports for decoration, both names and numbers, whether its in Europe or North America and some of the professional sports league. And then also actually in stadium as were providing the full customization facilities in many of the professional leagues now. A great example that if you went to the intuit stadium and saw exactly how our customized personalizing stadium, which we drive  sorry, center which we drive not only the hardware to software, but all the technology and the actual physical apparel itself. So we anticipate Embelex will continue to grow. Theres also the additional piece of the preparation of the start of the World Cup 2026, which always adds another boost typically for a very large sporting event. Turning to Vestcom. Yes, certainly, our new customer that we want to continue and roll out during the first half will add substantially to what we believe Vestcom is going to sort of grow, again, high single to low double-digit growth for this year. Its not the only customer theyve won. Theyre going to continue to make progress with some new customers and particularly on the media solutions side as we leverage this increasing scale of that network where we touch 60,000-plus stores to drive media sales for both CPGs and retailers themselves. And so when you look at our range overall, George, the upper end of our range, could it be stronger based on everything going away. Yes. But Id just reinforce at the upper end of our range, were looking at 12% earnings growth overall. I think, John, did I capture all the questions there? I think I did, yes.
George Staphos: Thanks.
Deon Stander: Thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Eble, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to you for closing remarks.
John Eble: Thanks, Jeanine. We are confident we will continue to make strong progress against our long-term goals in 2025. And with the overarching objective to deliver GDP-plus growth and top quartile returns, a recipe for strong EVA growth, making superior value creation possible. Thank you for joining today. This now concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the conference call for today. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterward, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter Ended on September 28th, 2024. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay after 4:00 PM Eastern Time today and until midnight Eastern Time, October 30th, 2024. To access the replay, please dial 1-800-770-2030 or 1-609-800-9909 for international callers. The conference ID number is 5855706. I'd now like to turn the call over to John Eble, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Eble: Thank you, Jeremy. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified, and reconciled from GAAP on schedules A-4 to A-9 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Deon Stander, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Deon.
Deon Stander: Thanks, John, and hello, everyone. We delivered another strong quarter with earnings per share of $2.33, above our expectations and are raising our full year guidance. We now expect earnings of $9.35 to $9.50 per share for the year and are targeting roughly 20% earnings growth compared to prior year. Both Materials Group and Solutions Group delivered strong bottom line growth in the quarter, and in Intelligent Labels, we are delivering another year of strong top line growth and continue to see significant opportunity ahead. Materials Group continued to demonstrate its resilience in the third quarter, again delivering solid volume growth and strong margins. In North America and Asia, volume increased compared to prior year and sequentially, in line with expectations. In Europe, volume was slightly below expectations, increasing compared to prior year and down sequentially, largely driven by normal volume seasonality. Broadly, macro retail volumes remained soft relative to long-term trends, particularly in developed regions as the cumulative effects of inflation continue to earn consumers and we do not anticipate this will change in the near term. Solutions Group delivered strong sales growth and margins in the third quarter, driven by strong growth in the base and continued growth in high value solutions. Overall, the apparel category was strong after normalizing mid-year as we expected, providing further evidence that retailers and brands are largely through destocking. In the quarter, we were able to largely overcome some interruptions in the apparel industry due to the unrest in Bangladesh, a key apparel sourcing country. Within high value solutions, strong growth in apparel and general retail categories was partially offset by logistics and drugstore channel softness. Focusing on our Intelligent Labels platform, as we continue to connect billions of physical items with digital identities, I have high conviction in delivering against our target of roughly 15% plus sales growth over the long term. This multi-decade growth opportunity will be driven by continued adoption in apparel and accelerate adoption in new segments such as food, logistics, and general retail, a key focus for us in the near term. As the market leader, we are extremely well-positioned to capitalize on this opportunity. In food, we announced a strategic collaboration with Kroger focused on building a better customer and associate experience through RFID technology. This collaboration makes item-level digital identification possible, enabling more frequent and accurate inventory information to maximize freshness, reduce waste, and improve the associate experience. The collaboration will begin in the bakery department across the Kroger network. This is the first grocer moving to rollout for item-level RFID tagging and represents a significant step forward for our Intelligent Labels business and the industry overall in a very large addressable market with significant opportunity for growth in the years to come. Turning to results, enterprise-wide Intelligent Labels sales were up mid-teens year-to-date. As we shared during our Investor Day, new customer rollouts will be uneven, particularly due to the pace of deployment as well as by comparison to initial volume builds for new program adoption in prior years. In this context, we now expect double-digit growth for the full year on softer logistics volume. Overall, the ability of our solutions to help address industry challenges such as labor efficiency, waste, transparency, and consumer connection in very large-volume categories like logistics, retail, and food is increasingly resonating with customers. Key pilots and rollouts are delivering significant value and compelling proof points for broader segment adoption. We continue to invest to capture the significant opportunity ahead as we grow the size of the overall industry, further advancing our leadership position at the intersection of the physical and digital. Stepping back, the underlying fundamentals of our business are strong. We're exposed to diverse and growing markets with clear catalysts for long-term growth. We are industry leaders in our primary businesses with clear competitive advantages in scale and innovation and we have a clear set of strategies that we continue to evolve over time and are key to our success over the long term and across a wide range of business cycles. We remain confident that our strategies, along with our team's ability to execute in dynamic environments will enable us to continue to generate superior value-creation through a balance of GDP plus growth and top-quartile returns over the long term. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter and raised our guidance for the year to deliver nearly 20% earnings growth in 2024. While we are increasing our outlook for the year, the environment remains uncertain and warrants some degree of caution. We remain confident in delivering 10% earnings growth across a range of scenarios over the cycle recently laid out in our Investor Day. I want to thank our entire team for their continued resilience, focus on excellence, and commitment to addressing the challenges at hand. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Greg.
Gregory Lovins: Thanks, Deon, and hello, everybody. In the third quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $2.33, up 9% compared to prior year, driven largely by benefits from higher volume and productivity. Compared to prior year, sales were up 5% ex-currency and 4% on an organic basis, as higher volume was partially offset by deflation-related price reductions. Adjusted EBITDA margin was strong at 16.4% in the quarter, up 40 basis points compared to prior year with strong margins in both segments. And we continued to generate strong free cash flow with $420 million generated through the first three quarter, up nearly $50 million compared to prior year. Our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio at quarter-end of 2.1, which includes paying down $300 million of debt, which matured in August. We continue to execute our disciplined capital allocation strategy, including investing in organic growth and acquisitions while continuing to return cash to shareholders. In the first nine months of the year, we returned $315 million to shareholders through the combination of share repurchases and dividends. And in the third quarter, we repurchased 300,000 shares and distributed $71 million in dividends. Turning to segment results for the quarter. Materials Group sales were up 4% ex-currency and on an organic basis compared to prior year, driven by mid-single-digit volume growth, partially offset by deflation-related price reductions. Looking at Label Materials organic volume trends versus prior year in the quarter, North America was up mid-to-high single-digits. Europe was up mid-single digits, including the impact of the slight volume pull-forward into Q2 that we noted last quarter. Asia-Pacific was up low-single digits and Latin America was up mid-to-high single-digits. High-value segment growth was also strong with graphics and reflective sales up mid-single-digits organically and Tapes up low-single digits organically with particular strength in industrial categories. Materials Group delivered a strong adjusted EBITDA margin of 17% in the third quarter, moderating sequentially as expected due to typical volume seasonality and comparable to prior year as higher volume and benefits from productivity were offset by higher employee related costs and the net impact of pricing and raw material cost. Regarding raw material costs in the third quarter, globally, we saw low single-digit inflation sequentially as expected. The increase was driven by higher paper prices, primarily in Europe. We've addressed the cost increases through a combination of product reengineering and pricing actions as we discussed last quarter. As we move through the third quarter, paper prices began to stabilize. Overall, we expect our raw material cost to be fairly stable in the fourth quarter. Shifting now to Solutions Group, sales were up 6% on an organic basis and 7% ex-currency. With base solutions up mid-teens as apparel volume remained normalized and high-value solutions were up low-single digits. Within high-value solutions, strong growth in Intelligent Labels, apparel, and general retail categories was partially offset by logistics and softer volumes in our drugstore channel in Vestcom. As Deon mentioned, enterprise-wide Intelligent Label sales grew mid-teens through the first three quarters of the year as apparel volume normalizes and new categories adopt. While the third quarter was below our expectations, we delivered more than 20% growth in apparel and general retail categories, which was partially offset by logistics, largely due to prior year customer inventory builds and a customer transition that reduced some RFID parcel volume in the third quarter. That transition is now largely complete. Despite uneven growth this year, as Deon mentioned, the Kroger collaboration we announced yesterday is another proof point of our industry leadership and builds on our confidence in delivering on the significant opportunity ahead. Solutions Group delivered strong adjusted EBITDA margin of 17.9%, up 110 basis points sequentially and 150 basis points compared to prior year, driven by benefits from higher volume and productivity, partially offset by higher employee-related costs and investments. Now shifting to our outlook for 2024. We have raised our guidance for adjusted earnings per share to be between $9.35 and $9.50, with the midpoint reflecting nearly 20% growth versus prior year. As you'll recall, our outlook includes our four key drivers of earnings growth in 2024, which are on track. The normalization of label volumes early in the year, the normalization of apparel volume midyear, strong growth in Intelligent Labels as apparel rebounds and new programs rollout, and ongoing productivity actions. We've outlined additional key contributing factors to our guidance on Slide 12 of our supplemental presentation materials. In particular, in focusing on the changes from July, we estimate 4.5% to 5% organic sales growth, now targeting the high-end of our previous outlook. For the year, we continue to expect high single-digit volume growth, partially offset by deflation-related price reductions. We expect incremental savings from restructuring actions of more than $55 million, up $5 million from our previous outlook, some of which was delivered in Q3. And we now anticipate a headwind from currency translation of roughly $5 million in operating income for the year, slightly better than our previous outlook for both the third and fourth quarters. And we continue to target roughly 100% adjusted free cash flow conversion. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter. Increased our outlook for earnings growth, remain confident in our ability to continue to deliver exceptional value through our strategies for long-term profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation. And now, we'll open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Baird. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hello, everyone. I hope you're doing well.
Deon Stander: Hi, Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi: I guess -- Yes, thanks, Dean. So I guess first off on the Materials segment and as it relates to the volume rebound in 2024, is that starting to plateau in your opinion? In other words, you had a rebound following the destocking impact last year and now you have a weaker consumer as an offset, which is why you're still below sort of 2022 levels. And then in Intelligent Labels specific to logistics, is the lower than forecast volume dynamic in 2024 specific to just end market conditions or just tough comps? What is the issue there?
Gregory Lovins: Yes, Ghansham. So on the material side, I think when we look at the quarter overall, I think we see as we would have expected, materials volumes, particularly in Europe, sequentially slowing a little bit from seasonality. I guess if you compare over a couple year period, especially compared to 2022, price is a pretty significant factor there. So from that perspective, we're in the midst of raising prices in 2022. Now we've seen some deflation over the last year and prices have come down. So that's part of it when you look at the sales number overall. From a volume perspective, I don't think we've seen much change in the overall trends. I would say or as Deon mentioned in the earlier comments, Materials Europe was a little bit lighter than we expected and we do continue to see a little bit softer retail volumes in Europe overall. But otherwise, not much change from a trend perspective on volumes and materials.
Deon Stander: Yes, Ghansham, just let me reiterate. I think the broader macro-environment still remains uncertain. We're seeing that even in feedback from our customers. We talked about particularly in Europe, our customers in Europe and their end-customers are reflecting kind of the more muted sentiment we're seeing over there and that's confirmed by macro retail volume data that we see in Europe. To your IL question specifically, maybe -- just maybe take a step back. I think we've laid out what we believe is the significant growth opportunity that lies ahead of us the last time we met at their Investor Day. And our conviction in delivering on that 15% plus growth target over the time, I think the Kroger announcement is just yet another inflection point I think that is going to really resonate in the industry and provide a catalyst for further growth. And think about our apparel business having adopted multiple proof points, we now have another proof point visible in logistics and we are now in the process of having a visible proof point in food as well. And I think that is going to be a key part of how we unlock the future. I will also say our focus in the near term is very much on driving adoption, making sure that we're not only creating the demand but also executing that demand. And some of these intercom -- quarterly movements are less focused on as we move forward. I will say in logistics specifically, the biggest variance that we saw was really down to prior year inventory customer builds year-on-year and then also this customer transition that impacted some RFID volume overall. And this is, I think is -- which has now largely been completed as Greg indicated and that is I think, a first year annualization challenge less an ongoing issue moving forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty from BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
John McNulty: Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So I guess on the new Kroger opportunity, can you help us to think about the scale of that? I know fresh bakery is kind of the first launch and then there's more to come. But I guess, can you help us to think about what that might mean in terms of either tag volumes or growth for you, how that phases in, how quickly that may phase in? And then I guess also tied to that, I know there's a lot of discussion right now in the QSR markets around food safety. I guess, can you speak to the pilot programs that you're seeing and if you see the potential for some meaningful launches in QSR as we go into 2025.
Deon Stander: Yes, John, thanks for the question. Let me spend a bit of time on the Kroger piece first and I'll switch to QSR. And I think as I said, our conviction in our long-term growth target of delivering on that 15% plus is really anchored on making sure that we drive adoption. So we -- as we said, apparel driving that and continue to drive IL logistics. And I think for the first time, the Kroger announcement puts an exclamation point under the fact that the technology has ubiquity and has value in driving demonstrable return on investments for food customers, particularly at the grocery level as well. I also just would characterize that that food segment, as you recall, is the largest of all the segments that we've been talking about. It is of an order of magnitude higher than apparel, which is only 40% penetrated, roughly in the 200 million units -- 1 billion unit side. So it presents a significant upside for the industry and for us as the market leaders. The work that we're doing with Kroger will start in the bakery channel and then rollout across the estate for over time. And our expectation, John, is that in time ultimately, we'll expand beyond bakery into areas such as protein and fresh produce. I think equally, this is going to take time and the rollout will be adoption. We've seen this in apparel, we've seen this in logistics and I don't doubt that we're going to also see this in food. But I think there's a couple of things that stand out for me on the Kroger piece. One is the value of the partnership that we've had with them over a long period, which actually was founded on the relationship that we have with our Vestcom business in Kroger over many years as well. And secondly, the fact that we've been able to bring to them an approach that both drives at an innovation level, but also at an execution level. We don't comment, as you know, on the size of programs at specific customer levels, but this rollout will help us deliver on that 15% plus growth target as we discussed in our Investor Day, John. On the QSR specifically, I think we already have a couple of QSRs in rollout, most notably one, where their focus has been on food safety, which is what drove it originally. And in that instance, we're actually leveraging -- in the digital identification and physical items to go back to source, so that you have transparency of where something was produced and its freshness through the cycle. We have a number of other QSRs in similar discussions and I do think the more recent FSMA regulations that have come out in the United States will act as an accelerant for food safety drive and by definition, I think they're going to lean into RFID as an enabling technology, which then will continue to be to our benefit as the market leader.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning.
Gregory Lovins: Good morning, George.
Deon Stander: Hey, George.
George Staphos: Thanks for taking my question. Yes. So I wanted to continue on the Intelligent Label question progress. I know you can't talk about size of program and all that relative to a customer. Can you talk to us though about how many stores this initially is launched at within Kroger over whatever number of months or quarters you can speak to? And tell us a little bit more underneath the hood what's going on in terms of how Kroger needs to implement this front-end, back-end and how you're involved. So any color there would be helpful. And then secondly, what's going on with Vestcom in terms of the slowdown there and what's that mean in terms of your earnings, recognizing that you are still -- you raised guidance for the year? And then I'll come back in the next round.
Deon Stander: Sure, George. On the Kroger specific rollout, so the focus is initially on bakery and we're going to ramp over time as we go through the next number of quarters to ultimately be close to kind of full estate, which I think is in the order of sort of 2,800 stores. And the way that we're doing that, George, is because bakery in some ways is largely contained within one department, within one supply-chain, it's a much easier piece to execute. Most of the execution will actually happen in the bakery and the store, not in the specific supply chain itself, although there will be elements as we progress that will further go back down the supply chain. That makes it more manageable and the approach that we're going to take work in collaboration with Kroger is to do this on a phased rollout as we go across the next six or so quarters as well. In terms of Vestcom, the issue that we saw in the third quarter was really related to a couple of points. So one was the general drugstore channel softness that I'm sure all of you are aware of had an impact on some of our volume in the third quarter. One of our customers is just now starting to emerge from bankruptcy, which is a positive sign, will return to growth as we move forward. And actually, we'll see overall Vestcom growth in the fourth quarter actually again. The second element, which is a little bit more -- a little different is that because of the hurricane we saw, particularly affecting Southeastern states, part of the emergency declaration that happens is they have a price freeze on all food items. And so that meant there were less price ticket changes during that period. Again, that will be ameliorated as we move into the fourth quarter. Yes, and Vestcom remains a very significant high-value segment business for us with outsized and above segment margins and good growth prospects even in the drugstore channel where we're engaged with a very large white space opportunity and hoping to have some progress as we go through 2025 in that regard, George.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Roxland from Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Michael Roxland: Thanks, Deon, Greg, John for taking my questions. Two questions from me. In 3Q, can you comment how much Intelligent Labels actually grew? You mentioned strong growth in apparel and general retail. You mentioned the weakness in logistics and the drugstore channel. So just wondering how much it actually grew in the quarter? And the second question is just Deon, following-up on your comments on the drugstore channel, it sounds like based on the last question that it's temporary in terms of weakness, but could it be something more permanent? You're seeing a lot of drugstores, Walgreens and others announce store closures. So do you think there's been a shift in drugstores in terms of fewer drugstores that could have some type of more permanent impact on Vestcom?
Deon Stander: So Mike, in the third quarter, I think as you heard Greg say, we moved our -- given the softness in logistics we called out, we moved our year-to-date performance from the half year, we were mid-to-high teens to mid-teens for the year-to-date after nine months. As it relates to the drugstores, there's certainly a temporary piece of this volume recovery as it relates to, for example, hurricane pricing and some of the recovery of these, some of our drugstore channel partners as they come through their own challenges. But I don't necessarily see this as a long-term permanent shift. In fact, we actually see significant white space opportunity. We don't deal with all the drugstore players and we have in discussion with a very large one, talking about how we can deliver some of the solutions we have. If you think about what we do in our Vestcom business is really to provide two elements. One is a productivity solution for labor efficiency in store and labor is still the biggest denominated quotient concern that retailers generally have. And the second is a media solution that brings consumer connection at the point of purchase of the shelf. Much of what Vestcom does, which is largely data composition engine and takes in multiple feeds of data and then sends that out in terms of a label format is patented ourselves. And so we have a uniquely advantaged solution in that regard. And I do think as retail continues to have some degree of challenge when it comes to labor and attracting consumers into the store, our solutions will increasingly resonate in that regard.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. So in the Solutions Group, base solutions grew 15%. So that's 6% growth for the whole segment. And if Intelligent Labels is now growing 15% and it used to grow 17% or 18%, that means that Intelligent Labels grew 10%. So Vestcom and Embellishments then must have shrunk 10%. Is that correct? And then secondly, Kroger's baked goods are about $5 billion. And I don't know their average baked good is somewhere between $2.50 and $5, so that's a billion tags or maybe 2 billion tags at $0.03, so that's $30 million to $60 million a year. Is this the order of magnitude we're talking about?
Gregory Lovins: Yes. On your first question, Jeff, so when you look at overall in high-value segments, as we talked about, we're up low-single digits ex-currency in the quarter. So Deon already talked about Vestcom. Vestcom was down given the drugstore channel impacts that we talked about. Embelex was also a little soft, partially impacted by that Bangladesh unrest as well as in performance apparel a little bit softer this quarter as well. Intelligent Labels growth, if you recall, is in both segments. So we continue to drive growth in the Solutions segment as we also continue to leverage our strong converter base within our Materials segment to grow really in the general retail categories that we've talked about growing very well and that shows up in the materials business. So it's split between both our growth and IL split between both solutions and materials. So overall, that's largely the framework for how we get to where we were in overall high-value segment.
Deon Stander: And Jeff on Kroger, you're right that bakery is the smallest part of the kind of what I would call periphery perishable items, but it's one that has significant impact for the retailer in this regard. A lot of what gets done in terms of understanding one items are fresh and highly perishable in that regard are manually done. And so you have both an impact on kind of labor effectiveness as well as the associate experience in the store. And this is why we know that the technology can impact both of those, both improve the associate experience, which is critical for retailers. And the second piece is also making sure that you're able to drive efficiency and by definition, reduce waste as well. We're not going to comment on the size of the exact program as we roll out over time, Jeff. But I will say that this is going to be for us a very important tipping point for the industry. It's the first visible marker that food and grocery will go. And when people realize the scale of the ubiquity of that benefit, like in apparel, as we now starting to see logistics, I think it will act as a catalyst for further acceleration and adoption.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector from UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector: Yes, hi, good morning. I guess maybe more generally within RFID and specifically the food opportunity. Can you just talk about the margins or kind of the drop-through that you expect on that market, assuming you're not going to comment on Kroger specifically? I guess, does that come in line with what your average RFID book of business is today? Is it below until you get scale or is there some reason why it's higher? Any framing there would be helpful. Thanks.
Gregory Lovins: Yes, sure, Josh. I'd start with saying that for our -- as we said for a long time, our Intelligent Labels platform is above segment margin overall. And whether the product is ultimately in apparel or in logistics or now in these different food categories, while the ASP may vary depending on the complexity of the product or the breadth of the solution, we typically see relatively consistent margins across all of these and their above-average segment margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Roberts from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Matthew Roberts: Hey, good morning, everybody, and thank you for the time. Maybe if I can touch a little more -- can you hear me?
Deon Stander: Yes.
Matthew Roberts: Okay, thanks. Maybe if I could touch a little bit more on the food opportunity and see what Kroger is trying to look or learn from the bakery. I know you said it's six or so quarters for the full rollout, but once it is in place, are there any milestones or timelines put in place before potentially rolling it out to other departments? And also while I appreciate, it is still early and planning with more to come in a couple of months for 2025 and in September, you laid out your long-term financial framework. But should we expect 2025 to be within that framework of the 5% topline and 10% EPS growth or are there any unique items or timing from 2024 that could impact that bridge? Thanks for taking the questions.
Deon Stander: Yes. In terms of the broader food opportunity, Matthew, let me to reiterate again, it's the largest category that we see for IL adoption overall. The order of magnitude comparison is 200 billion units of same food in the addressable market relative to 65 or 70 for logistics relative to 45 or so for apparel. So there's an enormous runway multi-decade opportunity ahead of us in that regard. As it relates to the timing of the rollout, we're not necessarily sharing all the details on this, we're focused on bakery first, and over the estate, will rollout over a period of time. Based on those results, the -- our anticipation is that we will then move to categories like proteins and leafy greens as we move forward. And again, that will take time. And I will stress this again, there will be uneven rollouts as we go through this period, both from a timing and an adoption phase across -- we've seen this across apparel. We've now seen this slightly in logistics and I don't doubt we're going to see this in food as well. Our focus, I'll reiterate this, our focus is ensuring we're driving adoption, creating the demand and then executing and fulfilling that demand.
Gregory Lovins: Yes, on the 2025 question, Matt, as you said at Investor Day, we laid out our financial framework for the future where we talked about growing 10% adjusted earnings per share growth annually. I would say right now, our early view of 2025 is that we'd be following that algorithm that we laid out a month or so ago. When we look at the drivers of that, obviously, Intelligent Labels growth, we've talked about being a driver of that. In apparel, we'll have a more normalized first half of the year next year. And our margins in the second half of this year in solutions are better in our first half. So that should give us a little bit of first half benefit as well. And then continue to have more normalized growth in materials. But as Deon laid out earlier, a bit uncertain retail environment there. So we remain cautious a little bit on that front. But those are the main drivers that help get us towards delivering that target we laid out back in September.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Do you think your label volumes tracked kind of in line with the industry in 3Q or given it may be difficult to track market-share quarter-to-quarter, maybe you could just speak year-to-date? And then I guess maybe same question for Intelligent Labels, do you think you're kind of growing in line or stronger or a little bit weaker than the market? And then just to reiterate, like the weaker 3Q IL activity, is that just completely kind of like timing of projects and the comp or is there anything from like an industry perspective that you'd point to that impacted volumes in the quarter?
Deon Stander: Yes. I think the high-level, yes, our label volumes are largely in line with industry and we continue to hold if not slightly maintain and expand share in our label business generally across the world. As it relates to our IL business, there is some volatility because of this logistics significant rollout last year and some softness this year, but generally, we're performing -- given that we're creating the market, we're performing in line with the market overall. And we expect over the long term to continue to be the majority share provider and slightly expand our share as we move through that given some of the competitive advantages we have as well. As it relates to the third quarter, your question was, was is it related to just those specific comps and the transition piece? Yes, it was. There was nothing else that really had a fundamental impact on what we saw from a third quarter IL performance.
Operato: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Leithead from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Michael Leithead: Great. Thank you. Good morning, guys. Can you speak to the pricing in both of your businesses sequentially in the third quarter? Are you seeing incremental price give back or are prices generally flat at current levels? And relatedly, it sounds like European materials, input cost is up, price and demand perhaps a bit softer. Is there any change in terms of how you guys need to approach the European market going into 2025 or is it just sort of transitory weakness given where we are in the cycle at this point?
Gregory Lovins: Yes, thanks, Mike, for the question. So overall, when we look from Q2 to Q3, we saw low single-digit inflation, really, I guess, very low single-digit inflation sequentially after a little bit of sequential inflation in the second quarter as well. And as you said, that's really largely in paper in Europe is where we're seeing that. And we talked about last quarter that we were announcing and implementing some pricing actions. So we also had some low-single-digit price benefit sequentially from Q2 to Q3 as we're managing that. So the net impact was pretty negligible in the quarter overall. So I think when we look forward, we continue to see a relatively stable environment overall from a materials perspective. So we don't see that shifting too much in the very near term, difficult to call more on an ongoing basis though.
Operator: Mr. Eble, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn it back over to you for closing remarks.
John Eble: Thanks, Jeremy. As you all know, our overarching objective is to deliver GDP plus growth and top-quartile returns, which is a recipe for superior EVA and value creation over the long term. We are confident that the consistent execution of our strategies will enable us to achieve our long-term objectives. This now concludes our Q3 earnings call. Thank you all for joining today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-23 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. During this presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter Ended on June 29, 2024. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay after 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time today and until midnight, Eastern Time, July 30, 2024. To access the replay, please dial + 1-800-770-2030 or + 1-609-800-9909 for international callers. The conference ID number is 5855706. I'd now like to turn the call over to John Eble, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Eble : Thank you, Angela. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled from GAAP on schedules A-4 to A-9 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are subject to the safe harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Deon Stander, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Deon.
Deon Stander : Thanks, John. And hello everyone. We delivered another strong quarter with EPS of $2.42 in the second quarter above our expectations and are raising our full-year guidance. We now expect earnings of $9.30 to $9.50 per share for the year, and are targeting roughly 20% earnings growth compared to prior year. Materials group continue to demonstrate its resilience in the second quarter. Again, delivering significant volume and margin expansion as we lap the impact of downstream inventory destocking last year and drive productivity across the business. Label volumes in Europe and Asia were above our expectations, while slightly below expectations for North America. Broadly, retail volumes remain soft relative to long-term trends. As consumers continue to deal with the cumulative effects of high inflation, and we are not anticipating this to change in the second half of the year. Solutions group delivered strong top-line growth in the second quarter driven by both the base and high-value categories and expanded margins. The retail apparel channel was stronger than we expected. Despite retailers and brands remaining cautious in their near-term sourcing plans, most have now met their targeted inventory levels following more than a year of destocking and volume has normalized quicker than we anticipated for the upcoming back-to-school season. Year to date, enterprise-wide intelligent labels grew mid to high teens. In the second quarter, strong growth in general retail and logistics continued, while apparel was also strong as customers normalized order volumes and new rollouts continued. For the year, we are now targeting to deliver more than 20% volume growth and mid-teens sales growth in our intelligent labels platform driven by a rebound in apparel and adoption in new categories. We anticipate sales growth in the third quarter will be similar to the rate we delivered in the first half. As for the fourth quarter, while likely a record revenue quarter, we expect growth in the quarter will be lower than previously anticipated primarily due to the timing of customer rollouts. As we have shared in the past, new customer rollouts can be uneven, particularly new categories as well as by comparison to initial volume builds for new program adoption in prior years. I have high conviction in the significant long-term growth of our intelligent labels platform as we connect physical items with digital identities. In the near term, we are focused on accelerating adoption in key verticals such as food and logistics. Overall, the ability of our solutions to help address inventory challenges such as labor efficiency, waste, transparency, and consumer connection in very large volume categories like logistics, retail and food is increasingly resonating with customers. Key pilots and rollouts are delivering significant value and compelling proof points for broader segment adoption. We continue to invest to capture the significant opportunity ahead as we grow the size of the overall industry further advancing our leadership position at the intersection of the physical and digital. Stepping back, the underlying fundamentals of our business are strong. We're exposed to diverse and grain markets with clear catalysts for long-term growth. We are industry leaders in our primary businesses with clear competitive advantages in scale and innovation. We have a clear set of strategies that we continue to evolve over time and are key to our success over the long term and across a wide range of business cycles. Those strategies are to drive outsized growth in high-value categories, grow profitably in our base businesses, lead at the intersection of the physical and digital, effectively allocate capital and focus relentlessly on productivity and lead in an environmentally and socially responsible manner. We remain confident that our strategies, along with our team's ability to execute in dynamic environments will enable us to continue to generate superior value creation through a balance of GDP plus growth and top quartile returns over the long term. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter and raised our guidance for the year to deliver nearly 20% earnings growth in 2024. And while we are increasing our outlook for the year, the environment remains uncertain and warrants some degree of caution as we move through the second half, I want to thank our entire team for their continued resilience focus on excellence and commitment to addressing the unique challenges at hand. With that, I'll hand the call over to Greg.
Gregory Lovins : Thanks Deon. Hello everybody. In the second quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $2.42 up 6% sequentially and up 26% compared to prior year, driven by benefits from higher volume and productivity. Compared to prior year, sales were up 8% ex-currency and 7% on an organic basis, as higher volume was partially offset by deflation-related price reductions. Adjusted EBITDA margin was strong at 16.4% in the quarter, up 170 basis points compared to prior year with adjusted EBITDA dollars up 19% compared to prior year and up 5% sequentially. We generated strong adjusted free cash flow of $201 million in the first half of the year, up $137 million compared to prior year. And our balance sheet is strong with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio at quarter end of 2.2 times. We continue to execute our disciplined capital allocation strategy, including investing in organic growth and acquisitions while continuing to return cash to shareholders. In the first six months of the year, we returned 177 million to shareholders through the combination of share repurchases and dividends. In April, we announced a 9% increase to the company's quarterly dividend to $0.88 per share. A dividend we've now grown 10% annually over the past decade. Turning to the segment results for the quarter materials group sales were up 6% ex-currency and on an organic basis compared to prior year, driven by low double-digit volume growth, including a slight customer pull forward in Europe and Asia, partially offset by deflation-related price reductions. Looking at labeled materials, organic volume trends versus prior year and the quarter, mature markets were up significantly as we continued to lap downstream customer inventory destocking that took place last year. As you'll recall, destocking in Europe was a bit more exaggerated than in North America, resulting in a larger rebound this year. Europe was up more than 25% and slightly ahead of our expectations, and North America was up high single digits. Emergent regions delivered strong volume growth above our expectations with Asia up mid-single digits with particular strength in India and ASEAN and Latin America up mid-teens. Compared to prior year, graphics and reflective sales were up low single digits organically. Performance tapes in medical was down low single digits organically as strength in industrial categories was more than offset by a decline in medical and personal care, partially driven by inventory destocking in those categories. Materials group delivered a strong adjusted EBITDA margin of 17.9% in the second quarter, up more than two points compared to prior year, driven by higher volume and benefits from productivity, partially offset by higher employee-related costs. Regarding raw material costs, globally, we saw low single-digit inflation sequentially in the second quarter. The increase was driven by higher paper prices, primarily in Europe. We have been addressing the cost increases through a combination of product re-engineering and pricing actions as we discussed last quarter, and we've continued to see paper prices increase as we move through the second quarter and are expecting modest inflation sequentially in the third quarter. We're monitoring this dynamic closely and will continue to evaluate the further price and actions are appropriate as we move through the back half. Given this dynamic and the typical volume seasonality from Q2 to Q3, we expect materials group margins will sequentially moderate in the third quarter. Shifting out to solutions group, sales rep 11% on our organic basis and 14% x currency. With high-value solutions up low double digits and base solutions up mid to high teens as apparel volume normalized ahead of expectations. Year to date, enterprise wide intelligent label sales were up mid to high teens with strong growth in apparel and non-apparel categories, particularly logistics and general retail. Solutions group adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.8% was up 100 basis points compared to prior year. Driven by benefits from higher volume and productivity, partially offset by higher employee related cost and continued growth investments. Margin improved 70 basis points sequentially, and we anticipate further sequential margin improvement in the second half, driven largely by productivity initiatives and higher volume. Now, shifting to our outlook for 2024, we have raised our guidance for adjusted earnings per share to be between $9.30 and $9.50, a $0.15 increase to the midpoint of the range, despite a roughly $0.5 headwind from currency translation, which is largely in the second half. At the midpoint, our outlook reflects 19% growth versus prior year. This increase reflects our strong second quarter and a modest increase to our operational outlook for the second half. As you'll recall, our outlook includes four key drivers of earnings growth for 2024, which are all on track. The normalization of label volume early in the year; the normalization of apparel volume midyear; significant growth in intelligent labels and ongoing productivity actions. We've outlined additional key contributing factors to our guidance on Slide 12 of our supplemental presentation materials. In particular, in focusing on the changes from April, we estimate roughly 4.5% organic sales growth, 50 basis points higher than our previous outlook due to a slightly better volume and mix than previously anticipated. We continue to expect high single-digit volume growth partially offset by deflation-related price reductions. We expect incremental savings from restructuring actions of more than $50 million, up $5 million from our previous outlook, and we now anticipate a headwind from currency translation of roughly $10 million in operating income for the year compared to our previous outlook of a roughly $5 million headwind. As you may recall, we've historically seen lower sequential volume seasonally in the third quarter, driven by the August holiday period in Europe, and the timing of back-to-school shipments and apparel, which historically has resulted in a mid-single-digit sequential decline of EPS in Q3 from Q2. And we anticipate Q3 EPS this year will be consistent with that historical pattern. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter, increased our outlook for earnings growth, and remain confident in our ability to continue to deliver exceptional value through our strategies for long-term profitable growth and discipline capital allocation. And we look forward to sharing more about our long-term objectives and strategies with all of you at our Investor Day in September and hope to see you there. And now we'll open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of McNulty John with BMO Capital markets. Please go ahead.
John McNulty : I guess question would be on the solutions business and in particular, I guess tied to the intelligent label side. Obviously, you pulled down or it looks like the revenue contribution for this year and it sounds like a lot of it's going to be tied to just the timing of rollout. Does that just mean something got pushed out to the beginning of next year or are you just not seeing the pilot programs necessarily move to the next step as quickly as you were thinking? Maybe you can give us a little bit of color on that. And then I guess the other question tied to that would just be around the solutions margin. If we go back to kind of the pat of pre the destocking that we saw in the apparel markets, you were in the 18 and change kind of EBITDA margin range, you are obviously coming in below that right now. Any reason now that it looks like some of that destocking is over that to think that you shouldn't be able to get back into that 18 plus range as we kind of look out over the next 12 months?
Deon Stander : Yes. Hi John, this is Deon. Thanks for the question. I'll handle the first part and I'll ask Greg just to comment on the second. I will just say that our original outlook for the year, when we planned the year called for lower revenue growth relative to the volume growth that we planned. We are now targeting, as I said in my said in my notes, 20% volume growth this year with mid-teens revenue growth. We anticipating Q3 that we are going to see a similar growth rate for revenue as we've seen in the first half of the year. And now we expect revenue growth in the fourth quarter to be lower than previously anticipated, largely on volume changes as it relates to customer rollout timing. There's a small element John also of mix and you'll recall that we have different price points across different segments and products and use cases, but they all typically have the same margin profile, which I'll remind everyone is still above the segment average. And then finally, there will also be some deflation-related pricing impacts. I will say on that point that you recall, if you recall during 22 and 23 during the supply chain shortages, we did see inflation across the business including an IL and which we are now addressing in the last few quarters over here. If I turn to specifically the customer rollout pieces there are two elements to this. This is one ongoing rollout with the existing customers and then also anticipated rollouts from pilots that have moved slightly in their timing. This is not unusual. We've spoken in the past about when you have new adoptions in new categories, timing can tend to be uneven move intra quarter. On our existing customers, there's two elements where we are seeing some volume impacts now as it relates to our existing customers with existing rollouts. One is, the comparison with inventory builds in the launch phase in prior year. It's largely a fourth quarter issue on logistics. Secondly, as our customers move through their adoption journey, taking into account things like new category adoptions, kind of mostly in general retail and also infrastructure readiness, are they ready to take on the next elements of their journey? And sometimes that's just a timing issue, and that's mostly in logistics. I will say, John, that with all of our customers, whether they be in pilot trial or rollout, they're continuing to see significant value and returns on investment in leveraging this technology. And I would argue and having spoken to them that their conviction in the adoption, the technology is even higher. And in additionally, we continue to see real strength in our pipeline across all segments. Underpinning again, my conviction that this long-term growth opportunities, this platform is significant.
Gregory Lovins: Thanks Deon, and John to answer your question on margins, I think is, as we've shown over the last couple quarters, is the apparel segment or categories are normalizing. We've seen margins improve. We saw about a 70 basis point improvement here in Q2 versus Q1. I think I talked about in my prepared remarks and in our slides even, that we expect that to continue improving as we move through the back half. So, the short answer is yes, we would expect to get back to those 18% plus that we'd had, like you've mentioned, a year or two years ago. And that's an area we'd like to get back to and we expect to be able to deliver as we said.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi : Good morning. I guess going back to the second quarter and some of the variances that drove the upside relative to your previous guidance, was it as simple as just Europe and maybe apparel was a little bit better and on the apparel improvement, how are you sort of disaggregating between some of the shipping challenges and some of the pull forwards that, we read about in the headlines in context of just the retailer earnings that have been out recently on apparel side? Just I'm not showing any signs of real improvement.
Deon Stander: Let me deal that. Yes, at the high level, the variances are largely in our labels business from a volume perspective, largely in Europe. And then from apparel, where we've seen, sooner than expected normalization, that still will also continue during the second half of the year. On apparel specifically, I think there's a couple of dynamics of play over here. Certainly, the macro environment still remains very uncertain and apparel is largely driven by consumer sentiment, which is not robust. It's also true that what we've seen more recently in discussion with our customers there is that their inventory levels are now at where they would need them to be off? This is after a year of continuous destocking. And we're starting now to see some degree of uptick in import volumes and typically our volumes precede those. So, our performance in Q2, which is slightly ahead of expectation, which suggests we'd see more uptick in import volumes across the two segments across North America and Europe as we move forward. I think the only other piece I'd call out is that, as always in apparel, you get a vast range of variances in terms of how customers do. Some of them are doing very well, some of them are not doing so well, and that's probably reflected in some of the earnings releases that you've seen more recently.
Gregory Lovins: I think Ghansham just to answer the first part of your question, yes, the two big drivers of the beat in Q2 were the better performance in materials Europe as well as the apparel is the end just explained.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos : Thank you for taking my question. My two-parter, one question on solutions. First of all, just piggybacking on the question that Ghansham teed up. So, from what your customer said or seeing was there any pull forward ahead of any potential tariff-related issues or do you think that's really was a non-event for you in the quarter? If you could provide any color there, and if you did just now I had missed kind of the nuances there. And then the discussion that we have had and that you've just had as well on volume versus revenue growth and the implied sort of reduction in ASPs, how much of that Deon is actually coming from just, hey, you're coming up learning curve, you're seeing improved manufacturing economics. You are passing that along because that's how you get adoption. Help us parse that versus the other deflation that might be occurring off of the supply chain issues from a year and two ago. Thank you.
Deon Stander : Sure, George. And I assume the second question relates more to IL as I'll address it that way.
George Staphos : Yes, exactly.
Deon Stander : On the first one, we've not necessarily seen any visible signs of apparel pull forward as a result of tariffs. I think there is clearly a lot of discussion amongst retailers as to what the likely outcome will be of a, a more tariff intensive future, if that turns out to be the case. But at the moment we've not seen anything you recall in the second quarter. What we did see was some degree of pull forward from the third quarter as it related more to the Red Sea shipping crisis that was happening with goods having to go around the Cape of Good Hope rather than go through the Sue Canal. There's an element of that, but generally when we look across it, we don't tend to see anything that suggests there's been some degree of pull forward. There may be in tiny bits as well. I think our observation of where we've been in the second quarter as a release is that it's just being slightly more, a slightly quicker normalization of volume and apparel than we'd anticipated. We said it would start from the second half of the year and we said clearly seen a little bit earlier than that. As it relates to volume and revenue passing for IL. I think if you look back over the last five years, George, I characterize that we've always seen that ASPs have declined in the past, typically in that kind of mid-single digits range. That's not unexpected as the technology curve is ramped up and more volume has come to play and actually those declines in time have actually also helped accelerate new segment adoptions and unlock new opportunities. I think as we moving forward, I believe we'll see some moderation in those type of declines largely because some of the bigger gains have already been made and we're continuing to lean into where we see our scale and scale advantage particularly in our innovation process, manufacturing and innovation at the product level, which we think has fundamentally underpinned our competitive advantage over this period and we believe will continue to underpin our competitive advantage moving forward. I think at the end of the day pricing is that one element that has come to bear in the market. I think the bigger element as we move forward is the value creation that customers are seeing, which is a very pertinent discussion that we're having with customers now is what value are they creating, which is why the ROI is looking so high. And the more that we move to enabling a broader solution, being that kind of one throat to choke for customers across each node of that ecosystem, the more likely we are to capture more value in that regard.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roxland Mike with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Michael Roxland: Thank you for taking my questions and congrats on good quarter. Just wanted to get more Deon, do more color from you regarding that delay in customer deployment in 4Q. I think you mentioned logistics, does it involve any other vertical as well, and maybe general retail, just because given the various SKUs, the greater amount of SKUs in general retail, maybe that's just taking a little bit longer to deploy? And can you comment on flows deferred -- for the deferrals that delays, when do you expect them to hit in 2025? And lastly, just on the deflation, can you comment on any approaches you're using to reduce material costs, improve productivity and the like to offset the deflation you're experiencing?
Deon Stander: Sure, Mike. Let me clarify exactly for on logistics. This is not an impact of rollout. The rollout has largely -- at least for our large logistics customer has been done as we went through the back end of last year. The biggest quarter was the fourth quarter in which we both rolled out and deployed and then we've gone through this half -- this year is basically servicing that, albeit like to say on lower overall parcel -- softer parcel demands across the market. As it relates specifically to the question around what happens in the timing, I made the point of saying that we see the greatest variance of timing relative to our expectations, typically in new pilots that are moving to rollout and often in these newer segments. We saw the same in apparel, Mike, when we first started. You have an estimate of timing. There's a number of factors that come into play at that point, not just the returns that the customer is going to see, which so far proved to be very, very good, but also the timing of how they then culturally adopt that either in the supply chain or in the stores or both. And sometimes that can change according to their own specific dynamics. The typical movements we see are intra-quarter within a year and typically in a 12-month basis. So, anything that we see that may be slightly delayed in 1 quarter typically tends to move forward to the second or third quarter there afterwards. As to your question on deflation, it's been part of our core strength as a company is relentlessly driving productivity. I touched on that earlier in my prepared remarks as well. And we've taken that approach significantly in our Intelligent Labels platform. I think it's one unique piece that we are able to bring to bear. If you think about our Materials business is the world leader in roll-to-roll process manufacturing and the capability that goes within that and we've been able to leverage that capability to apply to a new segment that has enormous volume growth potential in our IL platform. And so being able to apply that capability has given us a significant advantage when it comes to the cost of manufacturing of our items. It's something we're constantly focused on. And then as we move forward, we'll continue to leverage our innovation on material science innovation, our process innovation and our solutions innovation to further augment how we're going to create further value or change -- provide a further step change function change in our competitive differentiation with the rest of the market.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector : I wanted to ask about RFID in a similar vein. Just where now we're talking about volume and pricing a little bit more. Has anything changed on the competitive dynamics within RFID to require greater pricing actions? Or are we now at a phase of rollout where there's any price downs that we need to consider. So, when you talked about historically when you raised the bar and said 20% growth in RFID, is that more volume and we need to think about price separate from that? Or do you think about that more as organic? Thanks.
Deon Stander: Thanks, Josh. To your -- to your last question, the change is more in volume. As it relates to the competitive dynamics -- I'm sorry, and the timing of those customer rollouts as related to volume. As it relates to competitive dynamics, we clearly see competitive dynamics in the IL market. It's a growth industry. It's always going to attract more capital. But our focus has been on maintaining and expanding our leadership share in this. And we do this in a couple of ways, not least on the elements that I touched on, Josh, which is around our innovation at a process level, at a product level and the Solution level, but also in the way that we're helping to activate industries, we've been investing ahead of the curve to ensure that we can activate industries like logistics and life food. And you've seen the outcome of that. We are the people leading the logistics segment industry, and we're doing a similar process with some of the pilots that we're looking into food, whether it's in grocery or whether it's in QSR as well. I actually think overall that if I look forward, I have very high conviction that our capability and the way that we play a role somewhat uniquely across each node of the ecosystem of Intelligent Labels whether it's from inlay manufacturing all the way through to managing data and providing services gives us a position in which particularly when new customers come on board as they think about adopting the technology being a significant decision for their C-suite, they're looking for somebody with credibility, scale and global reach and experience to be able to do that, and it tends to position us better than anybody else. Our experience has shown over time that we then are a disproportionate leader in our share overall, something that we think even in this year, we're going to continue to maintain, if not expand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Roberts with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Matt Roberts: Surprise, surprise. I will ask about RFID. So maybe given the timing issue in 2024, could you now envision with that timing like growth of more than 20% in 2025? And if you could provide any examples or timing or magnitude of those initial food or QSR rollouts or how we should think about that a little bit further. I think that could certainly be helpful. Thank you.
Deon Stander: Sure, Mike. Let me just start by saying the reason why I think we have such conviction in the long-term growth potential of this platform. If you think about apparel being, let's say, a 45 billion unit and we're roughly 40% penetrated with IL now through that. Logistics by contrast is 65 billion to 70 billion units. We have just one customer in the industry that is now started to adopt. And then food, by comparison to that is over 200 billion units where they are just at its nascent stage. So, the runway for this platform in connecting physical items of digital identities is substantial and over many years to come as well. The way that I think about our ability in each one of those segments is that we are engaged right now discussions with all logistics providers. In some instances, we're doing trials and pilots. And on the food side of things, we are continuing to drive very productive pilots across both brick service restaurant and grocery. As to the longer-term volume outlooks, we have an Investor Day coming up in September, where we're going to be focusing on what our strategic plans and our outlooks are for the next 5 years, and we'll give more color at that point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas : Thanks, very much. I was hoping you would describe a little bit of what's going on in SG&A expense. And that SG&A expense was up $55 million year-over-year or about 17% and -- and if you look at Avery for the past 5 years, the SG&A expense on a sequential basis in the second quarter goes down every year. So, is there something that's unusual in the second quarter? And how did raw materials change year-over-year in the second quarter?
Gregory Lovins: Yes, Jeff. So, I mean, the biggest driver versus last year, obviously, in 2023, we did not deliver results in line with our initial expectations for the year. So, our incentive compensation accruals in 2023 were quite low, down to zero for corporate for that matter at the end of the year. This year, of course, as we talked about, we're raising our expectation -- or raising our outlook above our initial expectations, so incentive comp accruals are a bit higher. So, there's a pretty sizable swing on that from a year-over-year perspective. So that would be the main driver versus prior year. And second question?
Jeff Zekauskas: Inflation, deflation.
Gregory Lovins: Inflation versus prior year. Overall, as I said, inflation sequentially was very low single digits versus prior year high single-digit deflation versus last year, really about half driven from paper year-over-year and the rest in chemical and film. So, a little bit of sequential from paper largely in Europe, year-over-year, still high single-digit deflation.
Deon Stander: Jeffrey, the only thing I'd also add to what Greg said is in last year, as you recall, when we're going through that significantly more challenging period, we did what we always do, which is to dramatically improve and strengthen on our cost management, particularly in some of our temporary costs as well. And we've seen, as volume has recovered and normalized in the second quarter that some of those temporary costs have returned as well, and you'll see that contrast factor in, in addition to the incentive comp basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about Vestcom. Obviously, not the biggest part of your business, but just how has that business been performing this year, in terms of organic growth and maybe what's coming from volume or price? And then we've seen stories of large retailers adopting digital shelf potentially in a big way. Just wondering how kind of Vestcom is set up potentially in a move towards a bigger digital shelf environment?
Deon Stander: Sure, Anthony. Let me just talk a little bit about Vestcom and I'll address your second point afterwards. Our Vestcom business continues to do well and overall, and it contributes in a number of different damages, not the fact -- not least the fact that it's a high-value segment business with greater than segment average margins. but also, the access and the reach that the Vestcom business has into a lot of the food customers that we never hardly had access to in the past, which has helped us in our food initiatives around intelligent labels, but also across drug, dollar and so forth. I think this year, particularly in the second quarter, there was a degree of softness more related to the drug store challenges that you're seeing openly in the market at the moment. But I will also say that as part of a reaffirmation of kind of the value that, that business does in both providing productivity solutions, it's just kind of shelf-edge labeling in sequence and walk sequence, but also in terms of its media outlet, how you leverage that shelf itch technology to also provide consumer media promotions. We've re-signed a significant U.S. retailer for a multiyear deal again. And we're anticipating by the end of the year to get a new large U.S. retail banner as part of our customer portfolio as well. When I talk -- when you think about specifically the shelf-edge becoming more digitized, digitization is an inevitable trend that we see moving and that's actually a tailwind for us as a collective company in a large part of our solutions business as well. I will note that our Vestcom business, while it currently has a analog, let's call it, an analog shelf label, it actually is -- the strength of the is actually its data composition engine. Our business takes a huge amount of data, both point-of-sale data, planogram data, pricing data and advertising information. And through that data composition outputs currently to an analog label. We also are currently involved with most of the shelf edge -- electronic shelf-edge trials as the engine that also outputs that to an electronic shelf label, so either analog or digital. And I think that is going to be one of the strengths of this business and moving forward is that as electronic shelf labels may start to become an increasingly bigger part of retail, it will not be ubiquitous across all the stores. It will be in certain targeted segments. And so, you'll still be dealing with a mixed estate. And the people best placed to deal with that mixed estate, I believe, is our Vestcom business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos : So, in Materials, it seemed like -- I mean, at least versus our model margins were 50 basis points to 100 basis points higher than we would have expected. How did margins fare relative to your initial expectations for the quarter. Again, Deon and Greg, how much was operating leverage? How much was your cost reduction program? How much of it was getting, if anything, some of the effects of your initial round of pricing? Any color there would be helpful as we project out for the rest of the year. Thank you.
Gregory Lovins: Yes. Thanks, George, for the question. I think the answer is a little bit of all those buckets that you mentioned. So, as we said, Europe is our largest region in the Materials business. We can see from the pie charts and the slides. And that business did have a stronger top line quarter than we had anticipated. And that, of course, helped overall from a leverage perspective. We also, as I talked about earlier, raised our expectation for restructuring savings this year. Some of that is coming in our Materials business. So that helped a little bit. And that business continues to drive strong ongoing ELS type of productivity as well. So overall, a number of factors that are playing into the quarter. I think as I've said, really over the last couple of quarters, when we set our long-term targets through 2025, we talked about targeting around 17% EBITDA for our Materials segment. And clearly, over the last four quarters, we've shown that we're on track to deliver that or better. And our expectation is we'll continue delivering at that target or a little bit above that target as we go forward. And as you know, we don't just -- you've heard us say this a lot, but it's really how we're really focused and drive the business is focusing on the balance of top line growth with margins with our capital efficiency to drive EVA and we think that's the right recipe ultimately for driving a strong total shareholder return, and that's part of the way we focus on that, but it really is focusing on the balance of growth margins and capital. And we'll continue to drive all three of those levers.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: If you had to allocate your $50 million in cost savings to cost of goods sold and SG&A, how would you allocate it? And for the quarter, if you look at the negative price mix in Solutions, was it about half of the negative price mix in Materials?
Gregory Lovins: Yes. On your first question, Jeff, I think it's probably -- I don't have that off the top of my head, it's probably a relatively even split. We're continuing to drive probably a little bit more, I guess, in cost of sales as we've driven a number of actions we talked about last year, a large initiative in Europe in the materials business. as well as, of course, we took the advantage of the lower volumes that we had due to destocking last year to drive some further productivity in the Solutions side at the same time. So, it's a combination, probably a little more heavily weighted in the quarter on the cost of sales side. Price mix, I think, as we talked about in materials, we had double-digit volume growth with top-line growth of about 6%. So, as you asked earlier, we had high single-digit, close to double-digit deflation year-over-year, price down in mid-single digits to go with that in the Materials business. On the solutions side, price and volume and revenue growth was relatively similar to slightly higher volume growth and revenue growth.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Stander. I will now turn the call back over to you for the closing remarks.
Deon Stander: Thank you all for joining the call today. While the environment remains dynamic, we remain extremely confident in our position and prospects and our ability to deliver GDP-plus growth and top quartile returns over the long term.
Operator: That concludes our call today. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions]  
 Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter ended on March 30, 2024. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay after 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time today and until midnight, Eastern Time, May 1. To access the replay, please dial 1 (800) 770-2030 or 1 (609) 800-9909 for international callers. The conference ID number is 3299441.  
 I'd now like to turn the call over to John Eble, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
John Eble: Thank you, Mandeep. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled from GAAP on schedules A-4 to A-8 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are subject to the safe harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Deon Stander, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Deon. 
Deon Stander: Thanks, John, and hello, everyone. We're off to a strong start to the year. In the first quarter, we again delivered sequential earnings growth, with earnings up significantly compared to prior year and slightly above our expectations. We grew volume in both segments, significantly expanded margins, generated strong free cash flow and delivered significant growth in Intelligent Labels. 
 Materials Group once again demonstrated its resilience, delivering significant volume growth and margin expansion both above expectations as downstream inventory destocking subsided and volumes continued to normalize. Label volume in Europe was particularly strong, as our teams managed through the now concluded Finnish port strike, which resulted in slight customer order pull forward in the quarter. Volume in North America was up compared to prior year and improved significantly on a sequential basis as inventory destocking moderated in the quarter as expected.  
 Overall, emerging market volume was strong with particular strength in India and the ASEAN region and China was up mid-single digits in the quarter.  
 Solutions Group delivered strong top-line growth, driven by high-value categories and expanded margins, despite apparel imports continuing to be below demand. While the apparel import trend has started to show slight signs of improvement in North America, retailers and brands remain cautious in their near-term sourcing plans, and we continue to expect apparel industry volumes to normalize midyear.  
 Enterprise-wide Intelligent Labels grew mid- to high teens in the quarter, with particular strength in non-apparel categories, while apparel began to recover. In the quarter, logistics volumes, while strong, were below expectations due to lower domestic parcel volume. Overall, the ability of our solutions to help address industry challenges, such as labor efficiency, waste, transparency and consumer connection in very large volume categories like logistics and food is increasingly resonating with customers.  
 Key pilots and rollout are delivering significant value for our customers and compelling proof points for broader segment adoption. We continue to invest to capture the significant opportunity ahead as we grow the size of the overall industry, further advancing our leadership position at the intersection of the physical and digital. As we continue to see adoption in new categories and a rebound in apparel, we are targeting to deliver roughly 20% growth in our Intelligent Labels platform in 2024.  
 Stepping back, the underlying fundamentals of our business are strong. We're exposed to diverse and growing markets with clear catalysts for long-term growth. We are the industry leaders in our primary businesses with clear competitive advantages in scale and innovation. We have a clear set of strategies that have been key to our success over the long term and across a wide range of business cycles, and we are uniquely positioned to connect the physical and digital to help address some of the most complex problems in the industries we serve. We remain confident that our strategies, along with our team's ability to execute in dynamic environments will enable us to continue to generate superior value creation through a balance of GDP-plus growth and top quartile returns over the long term.  
 In summary, we delivered a strong quarter in a still uncertain environment and reaffirm our full year guidance to deliver strong earnings growth in 2024. I want to thank our entire team for their continued resilience, focus on excellence and commitment to addressing the unique challenges at hand.  
 And with that, I'll hand the call over to Greg. 
Gregory Lovins: Thanks, Deon. Hello, everybody. In the first quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $2.29, up 6% sequentially and up 35% compared to prior year, driven by benefits from higher volume and productivity. 
 Compared to prior year, sales were up 4% ex currency and 3% on an organic basis as higher volume was partially offset by deflation related price reductions. Adjusted EBITDA margin was strong at 16.3% in the quarter, up 270 basis points compared to prior year. with adjusted EBITDA dollars up 25% compared to prior year and up 4% sequentially.  
 We generated strong free cash flow of $58 million in the first quarter, up $129 million compared to prior year. 
 And our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio at quarter end of 2.3x. We continue to execute our disciplined capital allocation strategy, including investing in organic growth and acquisitions while continuing to return cash to shareholders. In the first quarter, we returned $81 million to shareholders through the combination of share repurchases and dividends.  
 Turning to the segment results for the first quarter. Materials Group sales were up 2% ex currency and on an organic basis compared to prior year, driven by low double-digit volume growth, partially offset by deflation related price reductions and mix. Looking at label materials organic volume trends versus prior year in the quarter, North America was up mid-single digits and up mid-teens sequentially and as downstream customer inventory destocking subsided in the quarter as expected. Europe was up significantly, more than 30%, as Q1 2023 was the low point in the destocking cycle. Volume was also strong sequentially, up low double digits.  
 Emerging regions delivered strong volume growth as well, with Asia up mid-single digits with particular strength in India and ASEAN and Latin America up mid-teens. Compared to prior year, sales in both Graphics and Reflectives and Performance Tapes and Medical categories were down mid-single digits.  
 Materials Group delivered a strong adjusted EBITDA margin of 18.3% in the first quarter, up 4 points compared to prior year, driven by benefits from productivity, higher volume and the impact on margin percentage from deflation-related price reductions, partially offset by higher employee-related costs. 
 Regarding raw material costs, globally, we saw modest deflation sequentially in the first quarter as expected. Towards the latter part of the quarter, we began to see raw material cost increase in certain categories, paper in Europe, in particular. As such, we anticipate modest inflation sequentially in the second quarter and are addressing the cost increases through a combination of product reengineering and pricing actions. Given the timing of these pricing actions and our annual employee wage increases, we expect Materials Group margins will moderate slightly in Q2.  
 Shifting now to Solutions Group. Sales were up 10% ex currency and 6% on an organic basis, with high-value solutions up low double digits and base solutions up low single digits. In the quarter, enterprise-wide Intelligent Labels sales were up mid- to high teens, with strong growth in non-apparel categories, particularly logistics and general retail, and with apparel categories, up both sequentially and compared to prior year.  
 Solutions Group adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.1% was up 40 basis points compared to prior year driven by benefits from productivity and higher volume, partially offset by higher employee-related costs and investments. 
 Margins were down sequentially, driven by apparel and logistics seasonality and higher employee costs, including higher incentive compensation accruals following lower payouts for 2023. We anticipate sequential margin improvement in the second quarter, driven by higher volume and additional productivity initiatives. 
 Now shifting to our outlook for 2024. For the year, we continue to anticipate adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $9 to $9.50, up 17% at the midpoint, reflecting a more than $0.05 increase from our operational performance, offset by a similar size headwind from currency translation. And as you will recall, our outlook includes 4 key drivers of earnings growth in 2024, which are all on track: the normalization of label volumes early in the year, the normalization of apparel volumes mid-year, significant growth in Intelligent Labels as apparel rebounds and new programs continue to roll out and ongoing productivity actions.  
 We've outlined additional key contributing factors to our guidance on Slide 12 of our supplemental presentation materials. In particular, and focusing on the changes from our assumptions in January, we estimate roughly 4% organic sales growth, 50 basis points higher than our previous outlook due largely to the slightly higher pricing than previously anticipated. We continue to expect high single-digit volume growth, partially offset by deflation related price reductions for the year.  
 We expect incremental savings from restructuring actions of more than $45 million. And we now anticipate a headwind from currency translation of roughly $5 million in operating income for the year, up from our previous outlook of modestly favorable. 
 We estimate the Q1 customer pull-forward benefit that Deon mentioned earlier, was roughly $0.05 of EPS and will come out of Q2. Overall, in Q2, we continue to expect improvement in the underlying business. And we anticipate EPS will be down slightly from Q1 due to the customer pull forward.  
 We continue to expect earnings in the second half of the year will be stronger than the first half with apparel industry volumes normalizing midyear. 
 In summary, we continue to strengthen our results as we advance our growth initiatives and our markets normalize. We continue to expect a strong rebound in 2024 throughout a variety of environments, and we remain confident in our ability to continue to deliver exceptional value through our strategies for long-term profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation.  
 We will now open up the call for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America. 
George Staphos: As always, solid start to the year. Guys, one quick question for you on Intelligent Label. This current quarter, you're guiding to organic sales growth for IL or approximately 20% prior with -- I think you're saying 20% plus. Can you remind us what's going on? There are a couple of things you called out for first quarter. Is that the only thing that's -- I think you said parcel shipments were a little bit slower than expected in 1Q. Is there anything else behind that modest adjustment in your guidance for IL? And then relatedly, if I could, just margins in and solutions, were they as expected for the first quarter? Or are there any headwinds that you hope will reverse into 2Q? 
Deon Stander: George, thanks for the question. As it relates to our IL guidance, we did see slightly lower volumes than we anticipated in logistics on lower parcel shipments. And -- but we did also continue to see some apparel IL growth ahead of our base business as well in apparel at the moment. And that's largely because some of the new programs that we've been rolling out, including Inditex, where we're driving loss prevention continues to be very strong as well. As we look forward, we still see the recovery of the apparel business in the second half to be a key driver of our IL growth as well. 
 And in addition, the continuation of our programs that are in flight and rollout and some of the conversion of our pilots and trials to rollout as well. And those, George, as you know can be episodic, they can switch from quarter-to-quarter. We fundamentally believe in the strength of the opportunity that lies ahead of us. I'll remind everybody that all of these industries outside of apparel are still in the nascent stage. There are significant growth opportunities ahead and we're going to continue to invest to drive and deliver on that 20% growth. 
Gregory Lovins: Yes. George, to your second question on apparel or Solutions margins overall, we did expect some decrease sequentially, largely due to the seasonality with apparel and logistics now having a little more of a seasonality impact in Q1 versus Q4. So that was part of what we had expected. And we also see some employee cost increases as we look quarter-over-quarter. I think we've talked about these temporary cost savings last year that included items such as belt tightening, volume-related actions, things like that, but it also included incentive comp. 
 And just given the fact that last year, our incentive compensation was a bit -- or quite a bit lower than our target, given where our results came in versus our initial expectations. That was a sequential headwind for us that we expected as well. Now we look forward to Q2, I think I commented earlier, we do expect Solutions to margins to increase quarter-over-quarter. Some of that is due to the volume. That seasonality that impacted Q1 starts to benefit from Q1 to Q2. And the business is continuing to drive further productivity there as well. So we would expect some sequential improvement in Solutions margins as we move through the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Baird. 
Ghansham Panjabi: I guess first off, on the apparel market assumption that normalization by the middle of 2024. Can you just give us a bit more insight as to what supports the confidence associated with that? And then on Materials, I'm sorry if I missed this if you already called this out, but what was the pricing impact specific to the first quarter which it seems like it would be quite significant and perhaps one of the biggest you've seen in multiple decades. And how should we think about that evolution into the second quarter and the back half of the year? 
Deon Stander: So Ghansham, on the apparel recovery, and I'll let Greg handle the Materials question. On the apparel recovery, we're seeing a couple of factors in play. I think we've been pretty clear all along that apparel imports continue to be significantly below 2019 levels. And what we saw in the last quarter is some slight improvement in our apparel import rates, particularly in North America, not yet in Europe, but particularly in North America. We also know having spoken to many of our customers that their -- inventory volumes that they're having now are at the place where they feel very comfortable generally across the board. That hadn't been the case up until we got into the first quarter. 
 And I think in conversations as we speak with all of our customers, we know that while the environment is still uncertain and they're certainly weighing in that uncertainty into their near-term sourcing, the combination of slowly seeing some apparel imports starting to recover as well as where their inventory levels are. And the fact that we are seeing some of that sentiment come back would underpin the fact that we believe, by the midyear, we'll tend to see apparel volumes normalize. 
Gregory Lovins: Yes. And on your second question, Ghansham, when we look at Materials in the quarter. Overall, as we talked about, our volume was up low double digits in the quarter. And that was offset by -- partially offset by 2 factors. One of those was price, which was down mid- to high single digits in the quarter versus last year, then also mix down low single digits as well as some of that or more of that destocking took place in our base business, with generally less -- lower prices per unit. 
 Now on the price piece, Q1 from a year-over-year perspective is the biggest headwind. We're really starting to see some of that sequential deflation last year, really starting in the second quarter, and our pricing kind of followed that. So the biggest year-over-year pricing headwind will be Q1. And as I think I mentioned earlier in the prepared remarks, we are doing some pricing actions to deal with some of that targeted sequential inflation that we see in the second quarter as well. So we expect pricing sequentially to go up a bit from Q1 to Q2. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty from BMO Capital Markets. 
John McNulty: I wanted to dig into the Materials Group margin, which looks like it was a record because it seems like there's a lot to unpack. You had a bit of pull forward in Europe. At the same time, look, you've made a lot of cost cuts, you're getting back to kind of more normalized levels or volume levels to think about. So I guess can you help us to think about the sustainability of this margin level as we kind of look through '24 and go forward? 
Gregory Lovins: Yes. Thanks, John. So I think you called out a lot of the buckets, really, the big driver of margin when you look year-over-year and even sequentially, is the volume increase. So year-over-year, obviously, it's very significant. And sequentially, we had an improvement as well as we still had some destocking back in Q4 that we talked about is behind us now. The other thing that the Materials business has been significantly doing is driving productivity. So we've got some large restructuring actions as well as just ongoing ELS type of productivity initiatives that the team is continuing to drive. 
 So those volume and productivity initiatives are really driving the significant margin expansion and they're largely offsetting wage inflation in that incentive comp headwind I talked about a minute ago. So the teams have been doing a really good job driving that. 
 When we look forward, I think I talked about last quarter, we set our targets back in 2021 for the cycle that ends in 2025. We talked about Materials margins getting around that 17% EBITDA level. Now clearly, we've delivered that here in the first quarter and gotten pretty close to that in the back half of last year as well. And our focus is continuing to deliver on that long-term target as we stated. 
 And as always, in the Materials business or in all our businesses, really, it's a focus on balancing our top line growth, balancing our margins, our capital efficiency, to drive EVA growth over time. And this business has been a big EVA driver for us for a long time, and we're going to continue balancing all those drivers to deliver incremental EVA into the future as well. 
Deon Stander: And John, let me just add from a market perspective, we were very clear that we thought destocking ended in Europe last year in the third quarter and the U.S. roughly in the end of the fourth quarter of the year. And we're seeing that play out in conversation with our customers where there had been more limited visibility to end CPG demand that has expanded. They're seeing more confidence there. And their own volumes of inventory are much more normalized now than they have historically been over the last sort of 1.5 years as it were. 
 And so that also underpinned the fact we're starting to see more normalized volumes. I put that also in the context of we continue to see macro retail volumes still being relatively low, both in the United States and in Europe. And so I think that speaks to also just the forward outlook being while confident in our continued normalization, there is still some caution out there as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup. 
Bryan Burgmeier: It's actually Bryan Burgmeier sitting in for Anthony. Just on the rising paper costs in Europe, I know you cited a bit of a margin headwind next quarter. Can you just remind us how Avery has handled this type of inflation in the past? Or how long it typically takes you to get caught up on net price? And do you believe with the finished strikes now resolved, order patterns and paper costs can kind of normalize maybe in the second half of the year? 
Gregory Lovins: Yes. Thanks Bryan. So traditionally, we've talked about it taking about a quarter to implement pricing from the time we start to see some of that sequential inflation, and we expect to stick at least. And back in the '21, '22 time frame when we were seeing pretty significant sequential inflation each quarter, we had narrowed that gap a bit from that 3 months to a much smaller amount. I think we're just starting to see this sequential inflation over the back part of Q1. So we would expect it to take a couple of months to get that in place in some point in the mid- to late part of Q2. 
 So overall, we don't see in our visibility on Materials markets, our raw materials aren't that far in front of us. So we're really focused on what we're seeing right now in Q2. So right now, we don't have a lot of visibility past that, but not expecting too much to happen past Q2 from a raw material perspective at this point. 
Deon Stander: And Bryan, all I'd add is that unlike in '22 and then into '23 when we saw that significant inflation period and then followed by deflation, this one over here, in particular in Europe is related to the Finnish port strike, which has now ended and concluded. That's the good thing. I think we're still going to see some of those ripple effects come through, as Greg has alluded to. But as the market leader, we tend to be very disciplined in our pricing approach. And so when we see inflation, we tend to respond both with productivity and price increases. And when we tend to see deflation, we tend to unwind those as well appropriately to make sure that the custodians of the industry, we're managing the health and the balance of the industry as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: I was looking at your Slide 11 in your description of the organic growth in Solutions. And I looked at your percentages. And so if Intelligent Labels is 32%, growing 17%, that's up 5.5%. And if your high-value categories are 28%, growing at low double digits, that's up another 3% and then you get something from base categories. So if you simply follow your percentages, it looks like your organic growth should be, I don't know, close to 9%. Is there some acquisition that's included and maybe the Solutions, high-value categories? Or is it something else? And then secondly, did your Intelligent Labels revenues shrink? Were they flat? Did they grow sequentially? 
Gregory Lovins: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. So I think to your point, high-value categories in total that includes Intelligent Labels and Solutions on that chart shows it's around 60% of the segment. So when you look at that, it is a large portion or a significantly large portion of the overall growth in the quarter. And as we said, the base business is up kind of low single digits there on -- in addition to that. There are acquisitions in the high-value categories last year. We did 3 acquisitions in our External Embellishment space. which is part of that high-value segment category piece that's in our ex currency growth year-over-year as well. 
Deon Stander: And Jeff, to your second question, our Enterprise IL revenue in dollar terms was sequentially lower than Q4. Recall Q4 is a high watermark for logistics. And for the apparel business, Q1 sequentially is a lower quarter from an overall both apparel and logistics as it were. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector from UBS. 
Joshua Spector: So I wanted to dig in a little bit more on the cadence of earnings into the second quarter. So if I look at history, typically, you're up something like $0.20 sequentially. Greg, you called out the $0.05 to pull forward. I guess if I say Materials margins are down modestly, maybe that's $0.05. I guess what else would be the other factors that would drive that lower sequentially and offset frankly, all of the normal seasonality here? 
Gregory Lovins: Yes. So as you said, Josh, seasonality in the last few years has been pretty unique with a lot of the destocking in 2022 and 2021 and then the destocking we saw in 2023. But generally, we would expect some seasonality benefit moving from Q1 to Q2, just like we talked about in the first quarter, we had a seasonality impact from [ inland ] base apparel in our Asia business from Lunar New Year, we get a little benefit of that volume from Q1 to Q2. At the same point, as I talked about, we have a little bit of sequential inflation that takes us a little bit, as I mentioned a few minutes ago, to cover that. 
 And also our annual wage inflation for us kicks in on generally April 1 each year. So that's a sequential headwind from a cost perspective as well. And we'll obviously be implementing productivity initiatives to cover that, but it is a sequential impact when we look Q1 to Q2. So again, and then that pull forward kind of brings it down. Without the pull forward, our underlying business, as I said, would be up sequentially without that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Kapsch from Loop Capital Markets. 
Christopher Kapsch: So my question is focused a little bit more on strategically addressing the Intelligent Label opportunity. And it's -- that RFID adoption expands beyond traditional, say, item level apparel and into other verticals. Based on sidebar conversations we've had and at our recent conference, we talked about this, but your efforts to use sort of value selling techniques to capture more of the value that a program brings to bear in a given application or vertical beyond just sort of a cost-plus pricing paradigm that might be the case with a more straightforward solution like logistics, shipping labels, for example. 
 So I'm just wondering in terms of that value proposition for a use case that brings something like inventory accuracy or to help with shrink or replenishment or to prevent stock outs or to help sales. Just wondering if that approaching these potential new use cases with more of that value selling proposition? How is that going? And is this something that could sort of change the paradigm in terms of potential margins for this business as growth persist going forward? 
Deon Stander: Thanks, Chris, for the question. Yes, so I'll just remind, Chris, in the discussion that we had as well, is one of the reasons why we have such conviction around the growth potential of the business is just the scale of the opportunities in these adjacent categories. And I think I said before, food is in an order of magnitude, 4 or 5x larger than our apparel opportunity in total. And we're only there 40 or so penetrated. Logistics is 60 billion units relative to apparel of 40 billion. And all those segments are still at the nascency where we see an opportunity to help sort of connect the physical and digital by leveraging both our RFID capability and some of our other capabilities we have around data management and material science as well. 
 And that gives us the confidence as we look forward to know that we've been investing in this. And now as these markets slowly start to adopt, we're starting to see that the benefits that we think are there are manifest in those segments, and we believe will also be ubiquitous when you look at broader segment adoption as well. I think the approach that we've taken, as we've looked into these segments is one that we've been building on for a while, Chris, which is what is the scale of the differentiation of the total solution we're able to bring to bear in those opportunities. 
 And clearly, the more differentiated the easier it is for us to have more of a premium of value that we're able to recover, but also the scale of the opportunity of the value we're providing our customers is actually large in that regard. And we're seeing some of that come to bear in some of the trials and pilots and small rollouts that we're doing right now. 
 I think as we move forward, the concept of having a broader solution sell, including hardware, software, sensing technology, material science is at its infancy, but I think it will play a larger part in our future as we move forward in the years to come. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Roxland from Truist Securities. 
Niccolo Piccini: This is Nico Piccini on for Mike today. You kind of touched on it so far today, but just hoping we could delve in more. Recognizing that the timing of these IL deployments and pilot programs can change quarter-to-quarter. Could you maybe give us a tentative read on 2024, what the cadence for IL deployment looks like this year? I think there's a -- you call that a large logistics company that you're still working through, I believe, in the first half. But are there any other industries that might benefit this year? 
Deon Stander: Nico, the current forecast that we have, the way we're seeing the year unfold is basically all of the programs that are in rollout or an expansion. We have confidence that they will continue to do that. Now there always may be 1 or 2 quarters that things switched in terms of department changes and categories. Where we have pilots and trials, our effort is focused on trying to, particularly in food and logistics, move those to more adoption quicker than we are currently planned at the moment. And when we see that, that helps drive the broader industry adoption that we're anticipating. 
 I think if I took a step back overall, we know that the benefits case in some of these new segments is very compelling but it is going to be down to getting 1 or 2 customers started and making sure that those benefits are visible across the industry. 
 And that's typically when we see adoption start to resonate. And in that context, those can be episodic. They can be very lumpy as well as we've seen the history of apparel. And so the one difference between apparel and the other segments that we know is in the original parallel rollout over time, we have to both prove the technology and validate the business case. That doesn't remain -- that's not the case now as we look at these new segments because the technology is proven. 
 And so in the discussions we're having in the pilots and trials that we're doing at the moment, we can clearly see the benefits are there, and we're working hard, including across a broader range of logistics companies and a broader range of food companies to make sure that we're bringing them to full rollout in time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America. 
George Staphos: I'll ask them in sequence just to clear the backlog and then turn it over to everybody else. So on the Finnish strikes, I know that for now, they're over, but it's still not clear whether they are ultimately not going to resume again recognizing they're much more political in nature this time around versus a couple of years ago. I assume the experience from a couple of years ago, you've improved your supply chains and your ability to access paper if you need to, but could you sort of affirm that and give a little bit of color on what you've done there just to make sure that if the strikes resume, you're still in good position. 
 Secondly, it's like politics, weather is local, but it does seem like there's been a bit of a weather factor across a lot of the larger regions in North America in terms of being a little bit cooler in weather. Has that had any effect from your vantage point on parcel shipments and your label consumption that you might see come back later in the year? 
 And then lastly, I assume it's just because we've gotten back to normal, but that helpful slide that you've had over the last couple of quarters where you show some of your internal indicators. I didn't see it in this deck, should we assume that means we're back to normal, and that's a good thing. 
Deon Stander: Thanks, George. I'll take the first and then Greg can deal with the last one. As it relates to the Finnish strike, yes, the current resolution is as it is, it's resolved, but that doesn't preclude the fact that moving forward, that may change in time as well, George. I think the thing that we have lent on is 2 elements. One, we've specifically since the last experience we went through when we saw the significant supply chain constraints. We've deepened and broadened our supply chain fairly dramatically. Our sources of raw materials are no longer just single regional source, but they are more multiregional and multi-supplier source. And one of the reasons why we have seen no interruption during this period ourselves. In fact, our service excellence actually improved across the world because we have this resilience that we put into our supply chain as well. 
 I think the second thing is we've also really lent into trying to deeply understand both from a process and a data perspective where end consumption is likely to be and how that relates to the various inventory levels across CPGs, our converters and our retail customers as well. I think that helps give us greater confidence in how we manage our own supply chain and what we do in that as well. I think it relates to parcel shipments. We saw that certainly parcel -- local domestic parcel shipments are lower and I think that's public knowledge now as well. And our anticipation is that I think parcel shipments are going to be largely characterized by how U.S. retail and U.S. GDP goes as well. And at the moment, I think that still remains slightly uncertain. 
Gregory Lovins: Yes. Thanks, Deon. So on the internal indicator slide, George, to your point, Yes. I mean I think as we've talked about, our materials business is getting back to normal. We think the destocking is behind us as we've said. So part of why we didn't really need to provide those indicators as well, given that we are back to normal in that business or getting there at least. And in apparel, as I think Deon talked about a couple of minutes ago, we're also heading in the right direction there. We continue to feel confident that by midyear, we're kind of back to more normalized levels there. So just as you said, we're getting back to a more normalized state here as we move through the course of the year. 
Operator: Mr. Stander, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to you for any closing remarks. 
Deon Stander: Thank you all for joining the call today. And while the environment does remain dynamic, we remain extremely confident in our position and our prospects and our ability to deliver GDP-plus growth and top quartile returns over the longer term. Thank you to you all. Good day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-31 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterward, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year ended on December 30, 2023. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time today through midnight Eastern Time, February 6. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 1-402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 22028081. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eble, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Eble: Thank you, Frank. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled from GAAP on schedules A-4 to A-9 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Deon Stander, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Deon.
Deon Stander: Thanks, John, and hello, everyone. In the fourth quarter, we again delivered sequential earnings growth, with earnings up significantly compared to prior year and in line with our expectations. We grew volume sequentially and compared to prior year in both segments, significantly expanded margins, generated strong free cash flow and delivered significant growth in Intelligent Labels. Looking at the full year, while market conditions in 2023 turned out to be very different than we anticipated, and we did not deliver on our initial expectations for the full year. I am pleased with how we navigated the challenging environment. We protected margins as the industries we serve experienced significant destocking, improved service for our customers, deepened our insights on the drivers of demand and inventory throughout the value chain, continue to shift our portfolio towards high-value categories as we delivered on our growth opportunities, particularly in Intelligent Labels and generated strong free cash flow, highlighting the strength and resilience of our overall franchise. During this period, we leveraged our core strengths of productivity, cost management and capital stewardship and increased our potential in Intelligent Label solutions to minimize the impact of the low volume environment on our bottom line. More broadly, we see the reduction of excess inventory throughout the value chain as a good thing. As it positions our industries and business to return to a more normalized growth trajectory in 2024 and demonstrate the growth power of our Intelligent Labels platform in particular. Importantly, the macro uncertainty and volume impacts in 2023 have seen customers increasingly looking for help to solve some of the most complex industry challenges, such as labor efficiency and supply chain effectiveness, waste reduction, circularity and transparency and helping better connect brands and their consumers. It is clear physical items will need a digital identity to solve these challenges and customers are increasingly turning to Avery Dennison as the leader to help them better connect the physical and digital worlds. Looking forward, a more cautious outlook is prudent particularly in the near term as economic indicators are still mixed and geopolitical risks remain elevated. That said, I'm confident that 2024 will be a year of strong earnings growth. Inventory destocking in our label business is largely complete. Apparel volumes will likely recover in the second half, and we expect significant growth in our high-value solutions, in particular our Intelligent Labels platform as adoption accelerates across new categories and apparel rebounds. Now a brief summary of the year by segment. Materials group delivered strong margins and volume improved sequentially each quarter as inventory destocking continued to moderate throughout the year. As you can see on Slide 6, label volume in North America and Europe where inventory destocking was most prevalent, continued to improve at a steady pace throughout the year. As I previously indicated, we believe inventory destocking is complete in Europe and now largely complete in North America. In the fourth quarter, volume was better than we had anticipated in Europe and slightly lower than we had anticipated in North America. And demand in these regions continues to be mixed on broad macro uncertainty and slow consumption of goods. As inventory destocking concludes, we expect volume will again improve sequentially in the first quarter, a trend we have seen thus far in January. Overall, emerging market label volume was up low single digits for the year with increased momentum in the back half, particularly in India and China. Solutions group sales were up low single digits for the year, up high single digits in the second half as strong growth in high-value solutions and the impact of acquisitions more than offset a decline in base solutions. Volume and margin continued to improve throughout the year, particularly in the back half of the year as new programs in intelligent labels ramped, apparel destocking began to moderate. While apparel imports continue to be down significantly both compared to prior year in 2019, the trend in North America started to show signs of improvement in Q4, which can be seen on Slide 6. Following a relatively mixed holiday season, retailers and brands continue to factor muted sentiment into their near-term sourcing plans. We anticipate this combined with the Suez and Panama Canal shipping issues will likely see apparel industry volumes normalize mid-2024. As you can see on Slide 7, enterprise-wide intelligent labels grew low double digits in 2023, reaching roughly $850 million in revenue, including currency translation. Non-apparel categories, including logistics and food continue to ramp significantly throughout the year and were up roughly 75% for the year. In logistics, the team successfully executed the largest RFID program single wave rollout in the industry's history, making greater shipping accuracy for our customer possible. Our execution in these key rollouts in new categories is delivering significant value for our customers and compelling proof points for broader segment adoption. This growth was partially offset by a decline in apparel as retailers and brands reduced inventories throughout the year. As we continue to see adoption in categories like logistics, food and general retail as well as a rebound in apparel, we are targeting to deliver 20% or more growth in our Intelligent Labels platform in 2024, further advancing our leadership position at the intersection of the physical and digital. As I indicated, our ability to help address industry challenges, such as labor efficiency, waste, transparency and consumer connection in very large volume categories like logistics and food is increasingly resonating with customers. We continue to invest to capture the significant opportunity ahead as we grow the size of the overall industry. We continue to refine our strategies raising the bar for ourselves in the process to ensure we continue to deliver superior value creation for all of our stakeholders. The ability of our teams to drive these strategies over the long haul, while adapting to an ongoing dynamic environment has been exceptional. As you can see on Slide 10, our focus over the long-term is the success of all of our stakeholders. As such, we're making solid progress towards our long-term sustainability goals and Greg will shortly walk through our progress against our long-term financial objectives. Stepping back, the underlying fundamentals of our business are strong. We're exposed to diverse and growing markets with clear catalysts for long-term growth. We are industry leaders in our primary businesses with clear competitive advantages in scale and innovation. We have a clear set of strategies that have been key to our success over the long-term across a wide range of business cycles and we are uniquely positioned to connect the physical and digital to help address some of the most complex problems in the industries we serve. We remain confident that our strategies, along with our team's ability to execute in any environment will enable us to continue to generate superior value creation through a balance of GDP-plus growth and top quartile returns over the long-term, including delivering strong earnings growth in 2024 as we continue to unlock our significant growth opportunities and our core businesses rebound. I want to thank our entire team for their continued resilience focus on excellence and commitment to addressing the unique challenges at hand. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Greg.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, Deon. Hello, everybody. I'll first provide some additional color on our fourth quarter results and our performance against our long-term targets, then walk you through our 2024 outlook. In the fourth quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $2.16, in line with our expectations, up sequentially and up 31% compared to prior year, driven by benefits from higher volume and productivity. Compared to prior year, sales were up 3% ex-currency and 1% on an organic basis. As higher volume was partially offset by deflation related price reductions. Adjusted EBITDA margin was strong at 16% in the quarter, up 3 points compared to prior year, with adjusted EBITDA dollars up 29% compared to prior year and also up sequentially. We generated strong adjusted free cash flow of $218 million in the fourth quarter and nearly $600 million for the full year. With our working capital metrics on target to end the year, resulting in more than 100% adjusted free cash flow conversion. We invested $285 million in fixed capital and information technology in the year, paring back investments in our base given the lower volume environment while continuing to invest in our high-value categories, particularly Intelligent Labels. And our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio at year-end of 2.4%. We're continuing to execute our disciplined capital allocation strategy, including strategic acquisitions and continuing to return cash to shareholders. In 2023, we returned nearly $400 million to shareholders through a combination of our growing dividend and share repurchases, and we deployed roughly $225 million for M&A. Turning to segment results for the fourth quarter. Materials group sales were down 4% ex currency and on an organic basis, driven by low single-digit volume growth, which was more than offset by deflation related price reductions and product mix. Inventory destocking downstream from us continued to moderate. As you can see on Slide 6, label volume in North America and Europe combined, continued to improve, particularly in Europe. Volume also continues to improve through the first four weeks of this year. Looking at label materials, organic volume trends versus prior year in the quarter North America was down slightly more than we anticipated. Given destocking in the fourth quarter at our customers and with retailers and brands managing their year-end working capital. We believe inventory destocking in North America is now largely complete. Europe was up high single digits as we began to lap the destocking, which started midway through the fourth quarter in 2022. Asia Pacific was up low single digits and Latin America was up low teens following a softer Q3 and up mid-single digits for the second half. Also compared to prior year, graphics and reflective sales were up mid-single digits organically, performance tapes in medical were down low to mid-single digits. Materials group delivered a strong adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.2% in the fourth quarter, up 340 basis points compared to prior year driven by benefits from productivity and the net impact of pricing and raw material input costs. GAAP operating margin was 12% in the quarter, which included an impact from the significant devaluation of the Argentine peso in the latter part of the year. This impact was adjusted out of our non-GAAP financials. Regarding raw material costs, we saw low single-digit deflation sequentially in the fourth quarter and expect just modest deflation sequentially in the first quarter. As I mentioned in the last couple of quarters, following a period of significant inflation, these lower costs are largely being passed along in price reductions to our customers. Shifting now to Solutions Group. Sales were up 19% ex-currency and 14% on an organic basis, with high-value solutions up more than 20% and base solutions up mid-single digits. Base apparel solutions were up sequentially and roughly comparable to prior year. Intelligent label sales grew more than 30% in the quarter. Non-apparel categories, particularly logistics and food grew significantly, up roughly 110%, as new programs continue to roll out with apparel categories comparable to prior year. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 18.2% was up 180 basis points sequentially and up 230 basis points compared to prior year, driven primarily by higher volume. Now shifting to our long-term performance. Slide 9 of our supplemental presentation materials provides an update on our progress against the long-term financial targets that we communicated in 2021. And recall that this represents our fourth set of long-term goals after meeting or beating our previous three sets. The consistent execution of our key strategies enables us to continue delivering against our targets with an overriding focus on delivering GDP-plus growth and top quartile return on capital over the long-term. Through the first 3 years of the cycle, sales growth on a constant currency basis was 8% annually, above our target in GDP, driven by higher prices and volume. We expect strong volume growth in 2024 with some deflation-related price reductions as previously noted. Compared to 2020, adjusted EBITDA dollars have grown roughly 7.5% annually excluding currency translation. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 15.1% in 2023 with the second half of the year at 16%. Looking forward, our guidance for 2024 would indicate a roughly 9% EBITDA CAGR by the end of this year, excluding currency translation. Adjusted EPS grew roughly 5.5% annually over the past 3 years, excluding currency translation, short of our target of 10%, due primarily to the inventory destocking in 2023. With strong earnings growth expected this year, we anticipate making progress against this target in 2024. And as always, our focus will continue to be the optimal balance of growth, margins and capital efficiency to drive incremental EVA over the long-term. Our return on total capital was 12% in 2023 including higher costs in the year for restructuring charges, legal fees and the impact of the Argentine peso devaluation. We expect our ROTC will be back up in the mid- to high teens in 2024. Given the diversity of our end markets, our strong competitive advantages and resilience as an organization to adjust course when needed, we're confident in our ability to make strong progress against these targets in 2024. Now shifting to our outlook for 2024. In the first quarter, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be roughly similar to the fourth quarter of 2023. With continued underlying sequential improvement at least partially offset by the seasonality of solutions in both apparel and logistics and the return of some of the temporary cost measures we took in 2023 with incentive compensation as an example. As 2024 progresses, we expect our earnings will improve sequentially, driven by the normalization of label volume earlier in the year, the normalization of apparel volume mid-year Significant growth in intelligent labels as apparel rebounds and new programs rollout and ongoing productivity actions. For 2024, overall, we anticipate adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $9 to $9.50, up 17% at the midpoint. We've outlined the full year contributing factors on Slide 18 of our supplemental presentation materials. To highlight key drivers of the midpoint of our guidance compared to prior year, we anticipate roughly 3.5% organic sales growth with high single-digit volume growth, partially offset by deflation related price reductions. We estimate overall productivity, including restructuring savings, will offset higher employee costs including wage and benefit increases and higher incentive compensation following lower payouts for 2023. We expect to make selective strategic growth investments, particularly in high-value solutions and we estimate net non-operational items, tax, interest, currency and share count to be roughly neutral. In summary, we continue to improve our results as we advance our growth initiatives and our markets normalize. We expect a strong rebound in 2024 through a variety of environments and we remain confident in our ability to continue to deliver exceptional value through our strategies for long-term profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation. We will now open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Ghansham Panjabi: Just going back to your comments on Europe being a little bit better -- could you first of all Deon expand on that? And then, second part of the question is really specific around intelligent labels. You obviously had a very lumpy rollout during the back half of last year, clearly very successful and so on and so forth. And I'm just curious, will there be similarly lumpy sort of customer rollouts in 2024 as well? Or would it be more so a reflection of just the natural uptick of your business there?
Deon Stander: Thanks, Ghansham. Yes, we did see slightly stronger volumes in Q4 in Europe and we continue to see that trend in early January as well. And I think as you recall last time, Ghansham, we said that we thought that destocking had largely ended at the end of Q3. And the growth in Q4, which we'd anticipated has started to come through. I will also make the point, though that European retail volumes are still muted. In fact, they are the decline in the third quarter. And I think it just underlines the broader macro uncertainty out there. But despite that, as we see the inventory destocking ending both in Europe and North America, we anticipate the recovery of that volume specifically in the normalization of our labels business. Turning to intelligent labels. We saw the growth really in the business in the second half of the year for intelligent labels largely impacted by apparel and the destocking in apparel as well as some muted sentiment around apparel for the whole year. And then you clearly saw the growth we saw in our non-apparel categories, up 75% for the year and accelerating as we went through the back end of the year, particularly over 100% in the fourth quarter, largely on logistics and food. As we look into 2024, we're still targeting that 20% plus growth rate as we move through this year. And I think three things are going to have to happen in that regard, Ghansham. So one is we're going to continue to see those new programs that we launched during last year, both in apparel, food, logistics and other categories, annualize as we go through this year. Those are in-flight and will happen. There is a degree of seasonality that will come, particularly in logistics, which tends to have a higher fourth quarter than first quarter. And then we'll also continue to see, as Greg indicated, the normalization of our apparel volume during the second half of the year, that will also start to reignite some of the growth we've seen typically in apparel. And then, the final piece is there will be new programs that we will continue to launch across all segments, not just apparel, both in logistics, food and apparel. And I'll give an example of just 1 of those, Ghansham, just to help qualify it, we're right now involved in food with a bakery trial with a very large U.S. retailer, grocery retailer and we've been able to clearly demonstrate that not only can you have an impact on food waste reduction for perishable items, but also significant labor efficiency improvement. And we're anticipating that those results will start to lead to broader adoption as we go through the 2024.
Operator: Our next question comes from John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
John McNulty: So a question on the material space. So 4Q, you had a nice solid margin lift even with destocking continuing to impact the business at least in North America. I guess how should we be thinking about the potential for margin step up from that level as we look out to 2024?
Greg Lovins: Yes. Thanks, John. As we've talked about, when we set our targets, our long-term targets back in 2021, we're looking to get materials kind of at the level they were in 2020, which is around 17% EBITDA. I think we did a good job in the back half getting above 16% and improving margins despite the destocking with a lot of the productivity actions the team was driving there. So our focus here in '24 is continuing to make progress towards that 17% EBITDA target, not necessarily suggesting we'll get that exactly in 2024, but we'll continue to make progress there and expect to be able to deliver on our long-term target in 2025.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets. Please proceed.
Bryan Burgmeier: This is actually Bryan Burgmeier, sitting in for Anthony. Thanks for taking the question. I appreciate all the detail on the guidance and organic revenue growth guidance. As prices kind of come down, which I think is embedded in your guide consistent with raw material prices. Do you expect labels can maintain positive [Technical Difficulty] cost. So as price comes down, do you think that will kind of match input costs one for one, or do you think there's a little bit of opportunity for Avery to pick up some margin or do you kind of have to get back a little bit more price? Thanks.
Greg Lovins: Yes. I think as we've been talking about over the last few quarters, given just the sheer magnitude of the inflation that we saw in '21 and '22. We've been largely passing through the deflation we've been seeing since, I guess, around the second quarter of 2023 through pricing. So our expectation is right now, we're seeing a little bit of sequential deflation in Q1, not a lot and we'd have a little bit of price down to go with that. But mostly price year-over-year will be carryover of the impacts from the prior year would be our expectation. Now that will depend on what happens with material costs as we move through the rest of the year. But overall, our view is, given the amount of deflation and the amount of pricing we put through in '21 and '22, that we'll be passing most of that back as we see deflation through pricing.
Deon Stander: And Bryan, I'll just want to add that our approach has always been that as we see ourselves as the industry stewards to make sure we maintain the health of the industry as well as part of our role. But as we've lent into productivity, we tend to maintain and hold into our productivity benefits as we move sequentially through the years, given the investments in our core capability in our scale and innovation capability.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos with BofA Securities. Please proceed.
George Staphos: I just want to pick up on the margin discussion. So rough math, when we look at your guidance, look at the midpoint of earnings, look at the midpoint for revenue growth, we wind up roughly with about 130 basis points of margin expansion, '24 versus '23. Greg, would you agree that that's roughly in the right ZIP code? And if not, where would you have [indiscernible] and putting all of the commentary together on some of the other questions and things you said in the past, would it be fair to say that most of the margin lift in '24 will go to, will accrue to solutions versus materials, or would it be relatively split? Thank you.
Greg Lovins: Yes. Thanks, George, for the question. So on the latter point, I think it will be a combination. I mean, we had, obviously, improving margins in solutions in the back half. We also have proven margins in materials in the back half of 2023. So based on our run rates in both of those businesses, both of them I would expect to be improving margins in '24 versus where we were last year. At an overall level, I think we put it on the slide with the long-term targets. Our expectation for 2024 be 15% plus margins. So if you do your math there on the EBITDA expectations, would be closer to 16% in 2024. So that's how we thought about the plan and how we're thinking about margins increasing across the two segments as well as total company, of course.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Roxland with Truist Securities. Please proceed.
Mike Roxland: Congrats on a good finish to a very tough year. Just a question, you mentioned in your remarks about disruptions in terms of the Panama Canal. You obviously have that and the Suez. Do you think the issues that whether from shipping, whether it be the actual product selling for shipping costs, could that actually serve as a tailwind and maybe drive a buy or a restock particularly if retailers get concerned that they're going to be out of pocket a lot of money to try to find alternative ways to get ships? So do you think that volume ultimately could actually be higher because of some of these transportation issues?
Deon Stander: That's not what we're hearing at the moment, Mike. What we are hearing is that retailers and brands initially, largely in Europe are rethinking about how they're trying to get their goods to their home markets quicker, because they're having to route to round the cape of good hope and what we've seen is some degree of pull forward of orders maybe the first quarter, but we're anticipating that normalizing in the second half of the first quarter, so being on aggregate, the same. I think there's also a slightly broader challenge when it comes to the Panama Canal given the water level over there. But equally there, we're seeing retailers and brands taking appropriate action to ensure that they have continuity of supply. And we don't anticipate additional volume balance as a consequence of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: And a couple of questions around intelligent labels. In the logistics and food category, you were up 110%. Is there a cliff that we have to worry about as maybe new business is fully loaded? Or can we continue to grow from that level? And do you think that intelligent labels will grow 20% plus in the first quarter of '24? And then from a housekeeping standpoint, in your slides, you talk about intelligent labels as being 32% of the solutions group, which is 817 and last year, it was 29%, which is 738. So are those the right numbers? Because sometimes in your slides, you talk about intelligent solutions earlier in the year, being an $800 million business, but maybe you were rounding up or there's some currency or something like that. Can you clarify what the levels really are?
Deon Stander: Sure, Jeff. Thanks for the question. I'll address the first two, and I'll let Greg deal with the third one then. On your first question as it relates to logistics being up 110%, that or there and thereabouts that relates to effective the program that we said we've been rolling out during 2023. Recall, I said the largest single single-wave program in the industry's history. And that ramp through the year, I think we talked about this each quarter as well, Jeff, culminating in the fourth quarter as that particular customer was getting ready for their busiest holiday period as well. Now as we look forward into 2024, two things are going to be a player of this. So one is, as we've seen and we've consistently said, when we have a new segment leader start to adopt the technology and realize the benefits in this instance of shipping accuracy, it tends to be something that then drives greater adoption across that particular segment. This is what we saw in apparel, and we're going to see this again in logistics. And so we're underway in discussion already with other logistics providers around the world to understand how best we can enable and support them in their supply chain efficiency aims as well. Some of those will come to bear, either in pilot trial as we go through 2024 and then onwards from 2025 as well. I think the second thing you're going to see and specifically logistics is that because you have this peak typically in the second half of the year. The first half and largely the first quarter tends to be lower just from a volume perspective for logistics overall. And that's what we're anticipating as well in our overall first quarter. We will see some continued apparel growth slightly. And then we'll see other segments that will also contribute in terms of some of the new programs we've launched as well for the first quarter. The first half of the year will certainly be up relative to the first half of last year simply because of the annualization of some of those large programs, Jeff.
Greg Lovins: Yes, Jeff, on your second question, I think Deon indicated in the prepared remarks, intelligent labels revenue for the year in 2023 was around $850 million. That does include some revenue that's in the materials segment. So if you just look at the solutions segment, it's a bit lower than that because some of that is sold through our converted channel through materials. Now as we talked about as well, last year, we said we had a roughly $800 million business. There is some currency translation there, of course, that impacts that number. But overall, we grew, as we said, kind of low double digits for the year in 2023 and that number is around $850 million across the enterprise.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Spector with UBS Securities. Please proceed.
Josh Spector: I just wanted to ask a couple quickly on retail and really your confidence in the second half and where your volumes are today. So my multiyear stacks are getting kind of messed up, I guess, as we get further and further from 2019. I guess my data would say you're down about low single digit in the fourth quarter versus that level. I imagine that's wrong. So where would you say you are versus 2019? And then when you talk about a normalization, I guess what's the magnitude of the improvement you see in the second half as possible has worked into your guidance assumptions and what's your visibility to that today? Thanks.
Deon Stander: So Josh, let me just start at the high level. We're anticipating that we'll see apparel normalization in the second half of the year, largely because we're seeing full uncertainty at retail and brand level, and they're factoring that into their sourcing near-term requirements as well. And compounded by, I think, some more of the geopolitical escalation that we've seen more recently. I think at the retail confidence level, we continue to see retail volumes be down both in Europe and North America at an absolute retail volume level in late 2023 and they're roughly forecast to be flat or similar in 2024. Final point I'd make is if you look at I think on Slide 6, we highlighted that we've had more than four quarters of continued significant import declines relative to normalized patterns in 2019. And at some point, that does turn and we're starting to see that now in North America for part of Q4, and I don't doubt that we'll also see that when the information comes through from Europe as well. That trend is part of our confidence around why we buy around mid-2024, we anticipate volumes for apparel normalizing at that point.
Greg Lovins: Yes, Josh. I think you can see on that slide, apparel imports in North America were down from 10% to low teens as you look at the different quarters across 23. Europe is a little worse, down in the low 20s. So look on a net basis, it's somewhere in the mid-plus teens from that perspective in 2023. We expect to still see that kind of a trend in the first half and start to improve them in the back half, as Deon talked about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Roberts with Raymond James. Please proceed.
Matt Roberts: I might try to dig just a little bit more. If apparel volumes are expected to normalize in the second half, does that imply you could hit the $10 run rate in EPS as soon as 3Q? Or is that still uncertain and in regard to the 20% growth rate in intelligent labels, can you quantify how many points of that is dependent on the apparel rebound?
Deon Stander: So Matt, I think we were clear the last time that we have confidence in the $10 run rate being achieved at some point in 2024, and that still remains the confidence, in fact, it's included in our guidance. I think the only variable that we continue to see is related to the uncertainty and the impact on timing. And so at this point where we will see a likely $10 run rate in the second half of the year. As it relates to your 20% IL growth that basically is going to account for we think about sort of 2 points of the company growth as we look for 2024. And it's based on making sure that we continue to accelerate our existing programs, roll out the new programs that we have and apparel volume rebounding as well.
Greg Lovins: Yes. I would just add to Deon's comments there. I think when we look at 20%, it's probably half or just shy of half of that from the logistics and food growth that we've talked about and then a quarter or so of that from the apparel rebound which again we've baked into the second half. And then the rest of that from general retail and some of the other programs that I think Deon already touched on as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Christopher Kapsch: So two questions sort of focused on margin. In your formal remarks, you mentioned in the materials segment about protecting margin in the context of, I guess, some deflation. I'm just wondering if you could elaborate on that comment? And are you referring more to just sort of giving back some of the price in the context of some raw material costs coming in? Or was there a broader comment there about just the competitive dynamic as we've evolved through this destocking period? Maybe you could just comment on that.
Greg Lovins: Yes. I think the comment, Chris, on protecting margins is really about given the volume challenges that we saw with the amount of destock. So it was really about the actions we were taking to help offset the volume impact on the bottom line whether that be through productivity actions, some of the temporary actions the team is taking to offset that, belt tightening, all those type of things, that's really what that's more referring to overall rather than the price inflation dynamics.
Deon Stander: And Chris, let me just add from a competitive dynamic perspective, we know that we've not only maintained but slightly grown share in 2023 in our label business, both in North America and Europe and we've grown share in our Asia Pacific business as well as we continue to really focus down on service excellence and delivering for our customers. Our apparel share as well, if you're switching segments is also we've held share in apparel and in fact, are gaining in some of our new high-growth segments such as external and [indiscernible] as well. And overall, our IL share has grown as a consequence of some of the large volume programs we've rolled out as well.
Operator: We have a follow-up from John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
John McNulty: So on the solutions business and in particular, the margins, do you had a nice margin uplift from 3Q to 4Q with the big logistics player coming in. At the same time, when I look at it, the margins relative to, say, your revenue, revenue is kind of at an all-time high. Margin is not necessarily there. Did you have a lot of extra say, feet on the street or however you want to put it to kind of ensure that, that platform went off flawlessly as it ramped to kind of full levels? And if that was the case, how much does that kind of get dialed back as we look to 2024?
Deon Stander: So John, I think there are two elements to this. One is we continue to, as we said, consistently forward invest ensuring that we have industries adopt. And so part of when we had lower volume overall, you tended to see the impact on margins overall. I think the second piece in this is that we will continue to see the return of some of those temporary cost actions that we've taken, as volumes pick up during 2024 as well. But the benefit of the additional volume and the way our teams are operating and the mix that we have from high-value segments and base on our solutions business will see our margins expand during 2024.
Operator: We have a follow-up from George Staphos with BofA Securities. Please proceed.
George Staphos: So my questions are on solutions. Deon, can you talk a little bit about how Vestcom did relative to the KPIs you would have had for the business in '23 and what the expectation is for '24 and then relatedly, within Solutions, you've covered this already to some degree. But IL for apparel it looks up a little bit, looking at Slide 7 versus '23 still down versus '22, if we're reading it correctly. Help us understand what is going on in terms of IL adoption and usage and apparel and why you're comfortable in the outlook there going forward? Thank you and good luck in the quarter.
Deon Stander: Thanks, George. On your first question related to Vestcom, we continue to be really pleased with the progress that business is making as part of the Avery Dennison family overall. In '23, we grew at the pace and delivered the margins that we expected and, in some instances, slightly ahead. And in '24, we're expecting continued growth and actually a little bit of [Technical Difficulty] as we are in the process of piloting with a very large national retailer in the United States demonstrating the benefit of our productivity benefits that our shelf-edge labeling technology and data composition engine are able to drive that. In terms of IL, overall, you're right on that slide, what we're anticipating is that IL will slowly recover in the first half and then actually accelerate as the apparel industry recovers in the second half. And so we've got two things factored into that, George. One is some of the newer programs that we're seeing in apparel that started in '23 and are rolling out a little bit in '24, more likely in the back half '24. And then second is the recovery in the apparel base volumes, which also has an impact on the base IL volumes from apparel. I'll give you an example of just one of those. We're seeing a couple of pieces, both in apparel where we're extending beyond the base case of just inventory accuracy that historically been there. I talked previously, George, for example, Inditex is continuing to see the benefit of loss prevention from the technology. They will be continuing to roll it up, not just in that one single brand, but in other brands as we move forward. We're also seeing the extension of the technology from inventory accuracy in a large European performance brand and they're looking to leverage that supply chain efficiency, specifically around case verification, that's in flight at the moment. And is the third anecdote as well that Mike shed some light on this. It's not just that the supply chain or case efficiency or an inventory accuracy benefit we're seeing. We're also helping connect consumers and customers in a better way. We have worked with a number of professional sports franchises around the world, as you know, under our Embelex or external embellishment platform. And one of those, for example, the 49ers, we are working with them to embed digital triggers and sensors, whether it's UHF NHF or otherwise in their garments so that they can better engage with their consumers and drive more fan equity and franchise engagement and we recently had an example with them where we did an exercise that allowed consumers to connect on the patch that we provided, be taken to a website where they had personalized measures from Joe Montana as an example, linking together heroes the actual franchise and consumers in a better way. So addressing all of these problems that we think are out there ranging from efficiency through waste in, for example, grocery retail, through circularity and sustainability and then finally on to consumer connection. I think we're having multiple pieces in flight that will enable us to enable us to have great confidence in our ability to grow this particular platform substantially over the years to come.
Operator: Mr. Stander, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to you for any closing remarks.
Deon Stander: Thank you, Frank, and thank you all for joining the call today. While the environment remains dynamic, we are confident in our position and prospects and our ability to deliver GDP plus growth and top quartile returns over the long term. I'm also pleased to announce that we're planning to host an Investor Day on September 18 in New York City to provide a strategy update. I hope to see you all there. Thank you very much, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-25 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]  Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter Ended on September 30, 2023. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 5:00 PM Eastern Time today through midnight Eastern Time, October 31. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or +1-402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 22020693. I would now like to turn the conference over to John Eble, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Eble: Thank you, Carlos. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified, and reconciled from GAAP on schedules A-4 to A-9 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Deon Stander, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Deon.
Deon Stander: Thanks, John, and hello, everyone. In the third quarter, we delivered earnings in line with our expectations, grew volume and margins in both segments sequentially, generating strong free cash flow and delivered significant Intelligent Labels growth in new categories such as logistics and food. While earnings were in line with our expectations for the quarter, volume was lower than anticipated on broader macro uncertainty and slow consumption, which the team was able to offset through productivity and cost reduction actions. As I mentioned last quarter, we have activated countermeasures to minimize the impact on our bottom line. We have implemented temporary cost reduction actions, ramped up our restructuring initiatives and pared back capital investments in our base businesses, while protecting investments in our high-growth platforms, particularly Intelligent Labels.  Now a quick update on the quarter by business. Materials Group delivered strong margins and volume improved sequentially as inventory destocking continues to moderate. Volume was down compared to prior year, as customers were still building inventory in the third quarter last year and have been reducing it this year.  As you can see on Slide 6, volume in North America and Europe continue to improve at a steady pace in the third quarter. Latest indications suggest that our customers' inventory destocking is largely complete in Europe and will be largely complete in North America by year-end. Demand in these regions has been softer than anticipated on broader macro uncertainty and slow consumption, particularly in Europe. As destocking continues to moderate, we expect volume will again improve sequentially in the fourth quarter, a trend we have seen through the first 3 weeks of October.  Overall, emerging market label demand was solid in the quarter, up high single digits sequentially, with particular strength in Asia. Materials margin was strong expanding year-on-year and sequentially, as volumes improved and structural and temporary cost saving actions were implemented.  Solutions Group sales were up mid-single digits in the quarter. Sequentially, volume in Apparel Solutions and Intelligent Labels improved and adjusted EBITDA margin improved 60 basis points. We expect to drive further margin improvement in the fourth quarter as volume increases.  Apparel imports continue to be down compared to prior year in 2019, which can be seen on Slide 6. Following a mixed back-to-school season, retailers and brands continue to factor muted sentiment into their near-term sourcing plans. Intelligent Labels in non-apparel categories, particularly logistics and food, continues to ramp significantly, and we're up roughly 75% in the quarter. Our execution of these key rollouts in new categories is delivering significant value for our customers and compelling proof points for broader segment adoption.  This growth was partially offset by a decline in apparel, resulting in roughly 10% growth for overall Intelligent Labels in the quarter. We expect non-apparel Intelligent Labels growth to further accelerate in the fourth quarter, along with sequential improvement in apparel, enabling us to achieve low to mid-teens growth for the platform overall in 2023, lower than previously anticipated due to the continued soft apparel market.  As adoption in categories like logistics, food and general retail accelerate and apparel rebounds, we continue to expect the Intelligent Labels platform to deliver 20%-plus growth in the coming years as we further advance our leadership position at the intersection of the physical and digital.  Our ability to help address challenges, such as labor efficiency and waste in very large volume categories like logistics and food, is increasingly resonating with customers, and we continue to invest to capture the significant opportunity ahead of us.  Intelligent Labels is a great example of one of our key strategies to drive outsized growth in high-value categories. We continue to shift our portfolio towards these categories, both organically and through M&A, and we expect to benefit from higher growth contributions from these categories over the long term.  Another example of this is our external embellishments platform. Earlier this month, we announced an agreement to acquire Silver Crystal Group, an established player in sports apparel customization and application, with roughly $30 million in annual revenue as we continue to expand our position in this key growth platform.  Turning to the fourth quarter at a total company level. As volumes continue to improve, we expect further sequential earnings improvement. In both of our primary businesses, in past inventory destocking cycles, we've seen the pace of volume improvement accelerate as the industry nears the end of the cycle. In light of the broader macro uncertainty and softer consumption, we continue to anticipate a more measured recovery as we indicated last quarter. We remain confident that as volumes normalize and non-apparel Intelligent Labels adoption expands, we will steadily increase earnings to achieve a $10-plus EPS run rate. We anticipate achieving this at some point in 2024, but the timing of this is uncertain.  Stepping back, the underlying fundamentals of our business are strong. We're exposed to diverse and growing markets. We are industry leaders in our primary businesses, with clear competitive advantages in scale and innovation. We have a clear set of strategies that have been the keys to our success over the long term across a wide range of business cycles, and we are uniquely positioned to connect the physical and the digital to help address some of the most complex problems in the industries we serve.  We remain confident that the strategies we formulated will continue to enable us to generate superior value creation through a balance of GDP-plus growth and top quartile returns over the long term.  I want to thank our entire team for their continued resilience and commitment to addressing the unique challenges at hand. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Greg. 
Greg Lovins: Thanks, Deon, and hello, everybody.  In the third quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $2.10, up $0.18 sequentially, driven by benefits from higher volume and productivity actions. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 15.6% in the quarter, up 90 basis points compared to Q2 and comparable to prior year, with adjusted EBITDA dollars up about 7% sequentially.  Compared to prior year, sales were down 10% ex-currency and 11% on an organic basis, due to lower volume, largely from destocking, which continues to moderate. GAAP operating margin was 10% in the third quarter, which included $44 million in restructuring charges as we continue to drive productivity across our portfolio. The majority of the charges taken in the quarter were related to footprint optimization initiatives in Materials Europe.  Turning to cash generation and allocation. We generated strong adjusted free cash flow of $310 million in the third quarter, up $170 million compared to prior year. In the third quarter, we continued to make good progress reducing higher inventory levels and certain components, in which we experienced supply disruptions over the last couple of years. And overall, our working capital metrics are in good shape.  Our balance sheet remains strong, with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio at quarter end of 2.6. And we continue to execute our disciplined capital allocation strategy, including strategic acquisitions and continuing to return cash to shareholders. In the first 9 months of the year, we returned $309 million to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends as well as deployed $204 million for M&A.  Turning to the segment results. Materials Group sales were down 16% ex currency and on an organic basis, driven by a mid-teens volume decline as inventory was being built downstream from us last year and continues to reduce this year. On a sequential basis, volumes increased in Label Materials by mid-single digits in the third quarter. Label volume in combined North America and Europe continued to improve at a similar pace in the third quarter as in the second quarter, which can be seen on Slide 6. Volume also continues to improve through the first few weeks of October.  Looking at Label Materials organic volume trends versus prior year in the quarter, North America was down mid-teens and up low single digits sequentially. Europe was down roughly 30% and up mid-single digits sequentially. Asia Pacific was up low double digits and up high single digits sequentially, and Latin America was down mid-single digits and up mid- to high single digits sequentially. Also compared to prior year, graphics and reflective sales were down low single digits organically, and Performance Tapes and Medical were up low single digits.  Materials Group delivered a strong adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.4% in the third quarter, up 90 basis points compared to prior year and up 70 basis points sequentially as benefits from productivity and temporary cost-saving actions more than offset lower volume.  Regarding raw material cost, we, again, saw modest deflation sequentially. And as I mentioned last quarter, following a period of significant inflation, these lower costs are largely being passed along in price reductions to our customers.  Shifting now to Solutions Group. Sales were up 5% ex currency and 1% on an organic basis. As high single-digit growth in high-value categories was partially offset by a mid- to high single-digit decline in the base business, as retailer and brand sentiment remains muted.  Adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.4% was up 60 basis points sequentially and down 250 basis points compared to prior year, driven by lower organic volume, higher employee-related costs and strategic investments in Intelligent Labels, partially offset by productivity and temporary cost actions. We expect adjusted EBITDA margin will again improve sequentially in the fourth quarter.  Now shifting to our guidance. In the fourth quarter, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.10 to $2.25, up significantly compared to prior year and a steady sequential improvement at the midpoint, despite the softer consumption environment.  In the fourth quarter, we expect organic sales growth compared to prior year. Label Materials volume to improve as inventory destocking continues to moderate; Intelligent Labels volume in new categories, particularly logistics and food, to continue to accelerate; further structural cost reduction actions to be implemented as we continue to focus on driving productivity across our businesses; and more than a $0.05 sequential headwind from typical seasonality due to less shipping days in the fourth quarter.  We remain confident that we will steadily increase earnings to achieve a $10-plus adjusted earnings per share run rate. So given the level of macro uncertainty, the timing is difficult to predict. The sequential improvement will be driven by the normalization of Label Materials volume, the continued growth in non-apparel Intelligent Labels, the impact of ongoing productivity actions and structural cost reductions, and the normalization of apparel volumes.  We've outlined additional full year considerations on Slide 13 of our supplemental presentation materials. We continue to estimate that incremental pretax savings from restructuring, net of transition costs, will contribute roughly $65 million. We anticipate investing roughly $300 million on fixed capital and IT projects, down roughly $25 million from our previous outlook as we pared back capital investment slightly.  An anticipated impact from currency translation has increased and now reflects a roughly $18 million headwind for the full year based on current rates. And we continue to expect our full year adjusted tax rate will be in the mid-20% range.  In summary, we're continuing to improve our results. And despite the near-term challenges, we remain confident in our ability to continue to deliver exceptional value through our strategies for long-term profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation.  We will now open up the call for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. 
George Staphos : My question, to start, is on Intelligent Labels. And the less-than-expected growth in total, driven by apparel, if I understood the commentary correctly, and it sounds like it was apparel related to consumer sentiment that drove the variance. And I guess if you could provide more detail in terms of what was the expectation in terms of market, in terms of consumer demand, in terms of sentiment, in terms of what your customers were saying relative to what transpired in the third quarter? And then, in turn, why you think that improves over the next one to two quarters? 
Deon Stander: Thanks, George. If you recall what we said earlier in the year, was that we anticipated that apparel wouldn't recover through the remainder of the year, but we see slight sequential in volume improvement. And as we showed, I think, on Slide 6, George, you can see what we had anticipated was that continued apparel imports we've done so sequentially continued over a full period quarter.  And in addition to that, we continue to actually see somewhat surprisingly that inventory to sales ratios are also declining. And so the combination of that, I think, is really factoring into kind of more muted apparel near-term sentiment as brands and retailers think about their sourcing opportunities.  In addition to that, we have seen the expansion of our non-IL apparel business significantly, particularly in logistics and food, as we really are demonstrating the value to our customers that those solutions are able to bring.  And as I look forward then into Q4, we're anticipating a little bit more recovery in apparel. And we also have, as I mentioned the last time, a number of new apparel programs that are in rollout. Sometimes they switch between quarters as they ramp, we've typically seen that over time, but that will also add to our apparel IL volume growth as we go into the fourth quarter, George. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. 
John McNulty : So I guess my question is really about the guide. So 3Q, you did about 2.10. You're basically looking flat to up about $0.15 in 4Q. And I guess, if I think about it, you've got the big RFID improvement, particularly in the logistics. You got incremental cost saves, which seems like combined, those would put you at the high end of the range without any assumption for less destocking at the core, falling raws or anything like that.  It sounds like maybe a little bit seasonality, but I guess what am I missing in terms of the bad guys here? Because it seems like the outlook for 4Q -- or the guidance for 4Q is kind of unusually or extremely conservative. 
Greg Lovins: Yes. Thanks, John. So I would say when we look at the guide at the midpoint when you adjust for that seasonality, as you mentioned, we're up about $0.15 sequentially. Obviously, at the high end, a bit higher than that.  When we look at what's driving that, as you said, we're expecting pretty significant Intelligent Labels growth Q3 to Q4, as we've already talked about. We are seeing the start of Q4 here, sequential volumes in our label business continuing to improve as well as we've talked about as we see that steady improvement.  Now what we're also seeing, and I think Deon mentioned this earlier, we are continuing to see more macro uncertainty. We've seen the data on retail volumes in Europe continued to decline sequentially in the third quarter. And generally, I think we're seeing a bit muted sentiment and cautiousness from whether it be apparel retailers and brands as well as consumer packaged goods companies.  And so we're looking at that and trying to factor into our guidance a little bit of cost sense from them as they enter the end of the year. And we'll see how that plays out as we get through holiday and how that sentiment evolves. So right now, we're just seeing some cost senses there on the end user side. So we're trying to factor that into our guide as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Company. 
Ghansham Panjabi : I guess going back to your comments on destocking. Have the categories that were sort of first in on the destocking curve from 4Q of last year, have they started to inflect higher on a year-over-year basis at this point? And then related to that, it seems like many of the CPG customers are actually being much more aggressive on cutting inventories just given the higher cost of holding inventory, given interest rates and also inflation. How is that factoring in, in terms of the outlook for the first half of next year, the way you see it at this point? And then also more importantly, as it relates to the $10 of run rate earnings, the time line of that? 
Deon Stander: Thanks, Ghansham. I think the thing that we've seen more recently is that kind of more broader macro uncertainty and slower consumption. And Greg, I think, called out, particularly in Europe macro retail data volume, is actually sequentially down each month over the last couple of months. And we do see consumer packaged goods volume still below last year in the large number of consumer packaged goods companies as well. And I think that caution, whether it's in that particular end market or also in apparel, I think it's just part of what we're seeing as a consequence of higher interest rates and this impact on consumers and how they react.  And so we're seeing -- we're starting to see some of the sequential improvement from inventory destocking, particularly for the categories that went in first. And you've seen that in our results, and you continue to see that even in our forecast for the fourth quarter, Ghansham.  As I think about it now, given that uncertainty, it makes it very difficult to call when that $10 run rate will happen. That's why we think it will happen at a point during next year, but the timing of it uncertain. I'm very confident in the fundamentals of our business. And I'm confident that when volume really does return, we can see a clear path to that $10-plus run rate as we move forward. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas : I have a two-part question. I was looking at your bar graph for volumes on Slide 6. And when you measure it, it looks like Q4 of '22 was 1.2 inches, and Q4 -- and October is 1.4. So it looks like the volume is up 16%. Is that right?  And second, you've got two tranches of debt, you've got -- both about 1% rate. You've got 300 in August of 2024 and you've got 533 in the first quarter of '25. Is your intention to pay those down or to refinance them? 
Greg Lovins: Yes, Jeff, so I guess starting on the bar chart, I think with the scale, I think you can't quite make that direct conclusion from that scale. What we're seeing is, if you recall last year in Q4, really in October, we were still seeing some stocking up, particularly in Europe. And then we started to see in November that pretty sharp downturn towards converters starting to destock. And that's what's carried through.  So now when we've gone through Q4, we're still seeing volumes below prior year in Q3, picking up a bit in Q4, closer and closer to where we were, obviously, back to that early part of the Q4 levels. But overall, yes, you can't make a direct comparison there.  I think in the third quarter, our volumes were down mid-teens versus prior year. And when you look at that, obviously, last year, there was stocking up going on in the third quarter. It was actually our highest quarter of stock build last year. And then obviously, we're still taking some inventory down here this quarter at the rate of about, I think, more than a week in North America and a little bit less than that in Europe. So that's how I think about those two things.  From a debt perspective, some of that depends on M&A opportunities and things like that and how they evolve over the next year or two and how that capital allocation plays out. Absence of M&A or something major from that perspective, then I think we'd be looking at next year probably continuing to pay down the debt with cash flow. But again, that will determine a little bit on what the opportunities are and how we proceed from an M&A perspective. 
Operator: Our next question from the line of Josh Spector with UBS Securities. 
Joshua Spector : I wanted to ask on margins within the Solutions segment. So your sales were up in 3Q year-on-year, but your EBIT is down. Your margin did improve, but it was fairly marginal. So -- and I think some of the things you called out was higher investment, the cost, et cetera.  So one, can you give any granularity around those different pieces for 3Q? And then two, when you look at next year and say, you get volume growth within intelligent labels, you have some easier comps. What's the right incremental we should be thinking of on that growth? 
Greg Lovins: Yes. Thanks, Josh. This is Greg. So I think when you look at overall Solutions in the quarter, as you can see, our organic growth in the quarter was about 0.5 point, but the majority of that is driven by the Intelligent Labels growth, as we've already talked about at around 10 points. And base apparel and our base business down in the segment was down.  Now when we look at that 0.5 point of growth, we had a little bit of price up, and volumes overall were down a little bit in the quarter, particularly in the base, as I mentioned a second ago. And I think as you probably heard us talk about in the past, in the Solutions segment, we need a point or so of growth in order to offset things like wage inflation, things like that, that are an annual increase in cost of that business.  So we had year-over-year employee costs go up as well as the investments that we've been making in Intelligent Labels from a carryover perspective as well as investments as we were ramping up the new programs here. So those are really the areas that I think impacted margins in the quarter.  So we were happy to see the sequential improvement that we made in Q3, even though we're still below prior year. We do expect further sequential improvement in Q4, I would say, 1 point or so from where we were in Q3. And I would expect in when we look next year to get back closer to the margin rates we were at last year in the Solutions segment overall. 
Operator: Next question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets. 
Anthony Pettinari : You've had this year where organic sales is down 10%. And I'm just wondering, do you feel that there's any market share shifts in either Materials or Solutions? Are you potentially losing some shareholding, gaining? Any kind of conclusions you can draw looking at the last 3 quarters and anything that you would differentiate between Materials and Solutions, understanding Solutions is getting a bit better? 
Deon Stander: Yes. Thank you, Anthony. I think our view is that largely the function of volume being down is just reflecting the inventory that was built during last year and the slow unwind of it as we go through this year. And we know having looked at this very closely, that we have maintained or even expanded share across our Materials businesses in 2023.  We've held and slightly expanded share in our base apparel business and our overall IL share continues to grow as well, Anthony. And that reflects our continued focus by the teams on ensuring that they're really delivering excellence in service and quality to our customers and helping them address some of the challenges they themselves are facing right now. 
Operator: Next question from the line of Mike Roxland with Truist Securities. 
Michael Roxland : Just wanted to get your insights into what's happening in Europe. One of your peers is cutting labor stock adoption in Europe, citing continued weak demand. So what gives you the confidence that the bottom has been reached at this point and that demand in Europe were up ultimately? 
Deon Stander: Well, Mike, I think we highlighted there is a degree of uncertainty around the macro environment, and we've seen softer consumption in Europe. And I think we've been very clear that we're not necessarily the calling the time in the recovery. We do see slow sequential improvement. And I think the thing that I always go back to is that at the end of the day, we're serving, ultimately across multi-cycle time phase. We serve markets that are both growing and diverse and typically, are GDP-plus. And so at a point, the markets will recover, demand will come back, and we are ideally positioned in that regard. We have leadership positions in both our businesses, and we have strategies that continue to deliver successfully over the years. And we have a team that leads the industry in both of our businesses as well. 
Greg Lovins: Mike, I think I would add just as we talked about, I think, last quarter, historically, we've been in a period of a destock or a downturn. We've seen volumes rebound or accelerate kind of quickly at the end of that cycle. And what we've been talking about this year through this period is a little bit more steady improvement over the last number of months and quarters, as you can see in these bar graphs that we showed.  And I think that steady improvement reflects a couple of things. One is the improvement of inventory levels at our converters and our direct customers over the last quarter or so, but also that costliness in kind of the slowdown in consumer demand at the same time. So I think that those two things hitting at the same time is leading to a more steady increase in our recovery rather than a more accelerated ramp at the end of that destocking cycle. And I think that's why we're continuing to project a steady continued improvement quarter-over-quarter as we go forward. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Christopher Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets. 
Christopher Kapsch : Yes, it's a two-part question. One -- and sort of piggyback off of some of the other commentary. But just on the comments around the sequential improvement in demand in Materials segment thus far into October. Just wondering if you could characterize that by sort of by geography and/or by category?  And then secondly, in Intelligent Labels, there's a number of RFID programs that are gaining traction, for lack of better characterization, and maybe that improving visibility helps give you confidence in around the commentary about the sustainability of the 20% growth CAGR -- 20%-plus growth CAGR going forward.  I'm just wondering if you could, to the extent that some of these programs are in conventional big-box retailers, but beyond apparel. I'm just wondering if there's any evidence that would suggest that just the addressable -- the TAM is expanding, given the use case for this Intelligent Labels given what they're being attached to beyond apparel? 
Deon Stander: Yes. So Chris, let me address the first question, and I'll get to the second. We have seen low sequential improvement in demand sorry, in volume in our Materials business in the first part of October. That's reflected in the bar chart. And I think that reflects both the continuation of the destocking moderating largely in Europe, as we said, we think it's largely complete now by the end of Q3. There's a little bit to go in Q4 in North America. And so we would anticipate volume to slowly sequentially improve in that regard.  As it relates to IL overall, our Intelligent Labels platform, we have a high degree of confidence in that 20% growth rate. And let me tell you why, Chris. I think firstly, we are really seeing our non-apparel categories, largely now logistics and food, continue to accelerate. And you can see that both in Q3 and in Q4. These are actual rollouts that are happening in logistics customers and food customers. They're in flight. They are delivering real value for our customers. And most importantly, as that value becomes more visible, it becomes a compelling proof point for the broader segment to think about adopting. We saw that when apparel first adopted as well, and we're seeing a mirror of that as we anticipate going forward.  I think the second thing is apparel is recovering, and it will bounce back at a point. And when that happens, we are the market leader in apparel IL overall. And it's not just the recovery of the volume in apparel, it will also be the continuation of new use cases. I think I spoke previously about our rollout with Inditex on a loss prevention application that is in addition to the inventory productivity we typically see.  And we're continuing to see new retailers and brands rollout. And I mentioned four previously, and we have another four in flight right now, large ones as well. They will augment the apparel growth as well.  And I think the other piece to really consider is when you think about those non-apparel categories, like logistics though, they are significantly bigger than apparel. If apparel is around, let's call it, addressable market of 45 billion units, logistics is at least 65 billion to 70 billion and food is in the order of 200 billion units, and we are just at the start of the adoption in those two categories.  So the scale of the opportunity, the potential that lies in front of us is tremendous. And that's the reason, Chris, that we've been investing to ensure that we can maintain and expand our market leadership position. We're not just here to make sure we're solving some of these unique challenges for customers, but actually to try and ensure that we're activating the industries and the segments within. And having seen the impact that we're having on those customers, and the fact that how much they value our market-leading team, it just -- it reinforces the confidence they have in that future growth rate. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt Roberts with Raymond James. 
Matthew Roberts : When I think about the investments you're making in Intelligent Labels as well as you referenced turning some inventory earlier, when I think of the cash conversion cycle for Intelligent Labels, is that different than the rest of the system? Is there a longer lag and when you have to invest in that inventory, to when you're able to book the revenue versus everything else? If there's any color you could provide, that would be really helpful. 
Greg Lovins: Yes, Matt, I think, in general terms, the answer would be no. It's relatively similar to what we've been experiencing in the Intelligent Labels business over the last number of years. I think over the last few quarters, as I've talked about, we had built up some inventory in chips. That's something we had driven starting last year when we were starting to see some of the inventory challenges there. So that's why we started that. But overall, I think when we look at that from a normal ongoing process. I wouldn't expect any difference from what we've seen over the last few years. 
Deon Stander: And Matt, the only thing I'd add to that is, typically, when we look at some of these large-scale rollouts, our focus is on consistent and flawless execution. We have to make sure that we deliver not only the business case, the proof of economics, but actually the reliance ensuring that we can provide everything they need.  And so we typically tend to invest to make sure that we have the capacity to both do that and from a people and from an asset and then from a working capital perspective. But as that program then continues to roll out, we typically end up normalizing relative to all of our other working capital cash collection cycles as well. 
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. 
George Staphos : Deon, can you talk to what the payback return -- payback period is on some of the newer markets relative to -- for IL relative to what you've seen with apparel, arguably, especially with logistics, perhaps given the value of the products for your customers the payback might actually be quicker and the return higher? Can you talk to that? Can you index it somehow?  And then just a quick follow-on. At the end of the day, I wasn't clear. Are you expecting Label Materials to be up year-on-year in volume in the fourth quarter? I know you're making sequential improvement. I know the comp was tough in October and then November last year, things dropped off. What would you have us know about your guidance for the fourth quarter in terms of what it means for material volume year-on-year in the segment? 
Deon Stander: Thanks, George. The way that I -- we've seen the payback good, particularly in apparel start there, George, has typically been in that sort of less than a year payback cycle typically. And it varies by retail and brand depending on the complexity of their retail estate depending on the complexity and the length of the supply chain and the diversity of their supply chain as well.  And you're right that in logistics, we will be seeing shorter paybacks because the supply chain is more compressed. It may not be as globally orientated initially in some of the pieces we've seen. And that's -- and we're at the infancy of some of the food work that we're doing right now.  Our anticipation is that the food payback cycle will be similar to apparel, within that year period as well, because there is a supply chain across multiple suppliers that will also have similar resins to the way we've seen apparel in the past.  As to your second question, we do anticipate sequential label volume improvement as we go through the fourth quarter, and that reflects both the inventory destocking moderating further and some slight demand improvement as we move as well forward, George. 
Greg Lovins: And George, also, I'm not sure of your question -- that your last question was year-over-year or sequential. Year-over-year, we also expect to see volumes up in the label business, as Deon said, it's the same reason we start to lap that destocking last year.  We still got some destocking in North America in Q4, a little bit less in Europe, as we've already talked about. So we do start to see volumes up in the fourth quarter versus prior year.  The other thing I would say when you're looking at the sales line, as we've seen that sequential deflation as we move through the last couple of quarters, we do have some price down as we've talked about as well. So it will offset some of that volume increase. But certainly, we expect volume to grow a little bit year-over-year in the fourth quarter. 
Operator: Mr. Stander, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over back to you for any closing remarks. 
Deon Stander : Thank you, Carlos, and thank you all for joining us on the call today. While the environment remains dynamic, we are extremely confident in our position and prospects and our ability to generate GDP-plus growth and top quartile returns over the long term. So thank you, all. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-25 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] And welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter ended on July 1, 2023. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 5:00 pm Eastern Time today through midnight Eastern Time, July 28. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 22020692. Now, I'd like to turn the call over now to John Eble, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Eble: Thank you, Tommy. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified, and reconciled from GAAP on schedules A4 to A9 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Deon Stander, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Greg Lovins; Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, John, and hello, everyone. We delivered $1.92 of EPS in the second quarter, up sequentially from previous quarters, a trend we expect to continue in coming periods. Volumes in our base business continued to recover from slow market conditions, largely destocking while our Intelligent Labels platform accelerates adoption in new categories. While it's good to see the continuing sequential improvements in our materials businesses and the building momentum in Intelligent Labels, the pace of our recovery is slower than anticipated. Our results for the quarter were below our expectation due to lower revenue, particularly in June, something the team was able to largely offset through cost reduction actions. Clearly, our intel in April understated the magnitude of the market challenges, particularly inventory builds. That combined with the fact that the drop-off in volume was steeper in Q4 and Q1, we assume the duration of the lower volume period would be shorter. We got that part wrong. What we have been clear on and remain confident in, is that this period of challenging results will soon pass. While the pace of sequential volume improvement that we assumed mid-year June and July specifically did not accelerate as anticipated, volumes continue to recover. Our underlying business is bouncing back as it always does. This combined with the continued execution of our strategies to drive outsized growth in higher value categories, particularly Intelligent Labels, positions us well to continue to deliver GDP+ growth and top-quartile returns over the long run. Now, as you all know, I have decided to step down as CEO at the end of August, and I'm handing over the reins to Deon, while I'll continue as Chairman of the Board. It has been a privilege to lead Avery Dennison over much of the past decade and I am proud of what the team has accomplished during my tenure. We've accelerated our growth, improved margins, achieved world-class employee engagement scores, and significantly advanced our sustainability objectives. And I could not be more confident than I am now in our position and prospects. I've been planning and preparing for this transition for years, and as I've shared with a number of you, there are few reasons behind my decision to step down as CEO. One of the most important is that I have found a leader in Deon that I am confident will lead us to success in the next phase of our journey as a company. Deon has been a close partner of mine over the years. Over his 20-year career with the company, he demonstrated strong leadership and has a proven track record, including successfully transforming the Solutions Group and helping to lead the acceleration of our Intelligent Labels platform. I am extremely pleased that he will be our next CEO and I look forward to our future success under his leadership. Now before handing the call over to Deon and Greg, let me conclude by thanking our team. This is a team sport and I thank the entire organization for their dedication, focus, and excellence, and delivering our continued and collective success. I look forward to continuing to serve our stakeholders and supporting Deon and the leadership team to achieve new heights in my role as Executive Chairman. Over to you, Deon.
Deon Stander: Thanks, Mitch. I am extremely honored to become the company's next CEO, and I'm looking forward to partnering with you in your continued role as Chairman. As CEO, my focus will remain the same to ensure the long-term success of the company by delivering exceptional value for all of our stakeholders. As Mitch noted, in the second quarter, we again delivered sequential improvement with adjusted EPS up 13% as volumes in our Label businesses ramped, new programs in Intelligent Labels continued to accelerate, and additional productivity initiatives were implemented. That said, earnings were modestly below our expectations, as inventory destocking in both Label and apparel channels is taking longer than anticipated in slower market conditions. In this environment, we've activated additional measures to minimize the impact on our bottom line. We've accelerated temporary cost reduction actions, ramped up our restructuring initiatives, and paid back capital investments in our base businesses while protecting investments in our high-growth platforms, particularly Intelligent Labels. Now a quick update on the quarter by business. Materials Group delivered strong margins despite lower volume. The volume decline versus prior year is magnified by the level of inventory that was built last year compared with the inventory reductions taking place this year. Sequentially, volumes improved as inventory destocking began to moderate in the quarter. The pace of improvement in North America and Europe can be seen on Slide 6. We expect volume will continue to improve at a similar pace in Q3 and indications are that inventory destocking is now nearly complete in Europe with North America roughly a quarter behind. Looking at emerging markets, South Asia, particularly India continues to grow, while in East Asia, particularly China, demand remains muted. Materials margin was strong, expanding sequentially to nearly 16% in the quarter as volumes improved, and structural and temporary cost saving actions were implemented. Solutions Group sales were down mid-single-digits in the quarter, as apparel volumes continued to be soft across channels. Apparel imports are down significantly, not only compared to prior year, but versus 2019 as well, which can be seen on Slide 6. As retailers and brands target inventory reductions and factor a muted consumer sentiment into the near-term sourcing plans. Enterprise-wide Intelligent Labels in non-apparel categories including logistics, food, and other category expansions continues to ramp significantly, which can be seen on Slide 7 and we're up roughly 50% in the quarter. This growth was offset by a decline in apparel, driven by destocking in existing programs. We expect non-apparel growth to further accelerate throughout the second half of the year, enabling us to achieve roughly 20% growth for the platform overall in 2023 despite softer apparel volumes. As adoption in categories like logistics, food, and general retail accelerate, and apparel rebounds, we expect the Intelligent Labels platform to be at a $1 billion run rate in the coming quarters and to deliver 20% plus growth in the coming years as we further advance our leadership position at the intersection of the physical and digital. As you all know, one of our key strategies is to drive outsized growth in high-value categories and we continue to shift our portfolio towards these categories, both organically and through M&A. In Solutions, we expect to benefit from a higher growth contribution in these categories as we move throughout the year, not only in Intelligent Labels but external embellishments as well. In May, we closed the acquisition of Lion Brothers, a leading provider of external embellishments with roughly $65 million in annual revenue, expanding our position in this key growth platform. Solutions Group margins were flat sequentially. We expect the adjusted EBITDA margin will improve sequentially through 2023 as volume increases and additional productivity and cost reduction actions are implemented. Turning to the rest of the year. As volume in Labels, Materials, and Intelligent labels ramps up and additional structural cost saving actions are implemented, we expect roughly 20% of sequential improvement in the third quarter. We expect further sequential improvement in the fourth quarter, and we now expect to achieve a $10 plus adjusted EPS run rate, a couple of quarters later than previously anticipated. Stepping back, the underlying fundamentals of our business are strong. We're exposed to diverse and growing markets. We are industry leaders in our primary businesses with clear competitive advantages in scale and innovation, and we have a clear set of strategies that have been the keys to our success over the long term across a wide range of business cycles. We remain confident that the strategies we formulate will continue to enable us to generate superior value creation through a balance of GDP+ growth and top-quartile returns over the long term. I want to thank our entire team for continuing to raise their game to address the unique challenges at hand and deliver value for all of our stakeholders. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Greg.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, Deon, and hello, everybody. In the second quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $1.92, up $0.22 sequentially driven by benefits from productivity and temporary cost-saving actions, and higher volume. Sales were down compared to prior year, roughly 10%, both ex. currency and on an organic basis, driven by a low-teens volume decline, partially offset by higher prices. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 14.7% in the quarter, up 110 basis points compared to Q1 with adjusted EBITDA dollars up 10% sequentially. We generated $135 million of adjusted free cash flow in the second quarter, which was roughly in line with our expectations. As you may recall, I noted last quarter that we had higher inventories in certain areas across the company, partially related to strategic inventory builds in areas such as RFID chips, and also in components in which we experienced supply disruptions over the last couple of years. For the latter, we are focused on driving improvements across the businesses and we made good progress in the second quarter and expect to make further progress as the year unfolds. Our balance sheet remains strong. We continue to execute our disciplined capital allocation strategy, including strategic acquisitions such as Lion Brothers which closed in the second quarter, and continuing to return cash to shareholders. In the first six months of the year, we returned $216 million to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends, as well as deployed $194 million for M&A. Turning to the segment results. Materials group sales were down 12% ex. currency and on an organic basis, driven by a mid-to-high-teens volume decline as inventory was being built downstream from us last year and is being reduced this year. On a sequential basis, volumes increased in the second quarter with Label materials volume up overall low to mid-single-digits sequentially. As Deon highlighted, on Slide 6, you can see that Label volume in combined North America and Europe ramped as we move through the second quarter and into July, and we assume that pace to continue for the remaining of the third quarter. Looking at the Label materials organic volume trends versus prior year in the quarter, North America and Europe were down roughly 25% to 30%. China was up significantly as we lapped the Shanghai area lockdowns from last year and it was up low single digits sequentially. Latin America was up modestly and up mid-single digits sequentially. Also, compared to prior year, Graphics and Reflective sales were up organically high-single digits. Materials Group delivered a strong adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.7% in Q2, up 150 basis points from Q1 and down 1 point compared to prior year. As the benefits from productivity and temporary cost-saving actions were more than offset by lower volume. We expect adjusted EBITDA margin to continue improving sequentially. Regarding raw material costs, we have moved into a modest deflationary environment, following a period of significant inflation, these lower costs are largely being passed along and price reductions to our customers. Shifting now to Solutions Group. Sales were down 4% ex. currency and 7% on an organic basis. As low-single-digit growth in high-value categories was more than offset by a high-teens decline in the base business As retailer and brand sentiment remains muted. GAAP operating margin was down in the quarter, largely due to an increased liability related to the recently disclosed jury verdict in the ADASA legal matter. The company continues to dispute this and is preparing to appeal. We've also largely completed any migration to alternative encoding methods for RFID tags. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.8% was down 320 basis points compared to prior year, driven by lower volume with continued strategic investments in Intelligent Labels and partially offset by productivity and temporary cost actions. We expect adjusted EBITDA margin to improve sequentially through the remainder of the year. Now shifting to our guidance. In the third quarter, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $2 to $2.20, up roughly $0.20 sequentially at the midpoint, similar to the level of improvement we delivered in Q2. In the third quarter, we expect Label volume to continue to ramp at a similar pace as Q2, as inventory destocking further moderates. Intelligent Labels volumes in new categories will continue to accelerate and further structural cost reduction actions are being implemented as we continue to focus on driving productivity across our businesses. Looking forward, we expect adjusted earnings per share will further increase sequentially in the fourth quarter, and as Deon mentioned, we continue to anticipate achieving a $10-plus adjusted EPS run rate, albeit, a couple of quarters later than previously anticipated. We previously assumed the destocking period would end with a more accelerated ramp like we've seen in these cycles in the past. In light of the broader macro uncertainty, we're currently seeing a more measured ramp. The anticipated sequential improvement across the next couple of quarters and towards a $10 run rate is driven by the normalization of inventory destocking and Label materials, the continued ramp in non-apparel Intelligent Labels volume, the impact of ongoing productivity actions, particularly structural cost reductions, and the normalization of apparel volumes. We've outlined additional full-year considerations on Slide 13 of our supplemental presentation materials. We now estimate that incremental pre-tax savings from restructuring net of transition cost will contribute roughly $65 million, up $15 million from our April estimate. And we anticipate investing roughly $325 million on fixed capital and IT projects, down roughly $25 million from our previous outlook as we pair back capital investments in our base business. In anticipated impact from currency translation has increased slightly and now reflects a roughly $15 million headwind for the full year based on current rates. In summary, we're continuing to improve our results as we move through the year, and despite near-term challenges, we remain confident in our ability to continue delivering exceptional value through our strategies for long-term profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation. We're committed to delivering on our long-term financial targets through 2025. And now we'll open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] One moment please for our first question. And we'll get to our first question on the line from John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Go right ahead.
John McNulty: Yes, thanks very much for taking my question. And Mitch, let me be the first, but probably one of many to congratulate you on moving from the CEO role and, Deon, let me congratulate you for getting the CEO role. So..
Deon Stander: Thank you.
MitchButier: Thank you, John.
John McNulty: Thanks again to both of you for all the years of help. Sure. So I guess, maybe just a question, maybe there's two parts to it though if you'll forgive me. So it seems like you had raw materials that should have been down quarter-over-quarter kind of low to mid-single-digits or so. Is that what you saw and is that what we should be thinking just given kind of what's going on in terms of deflation abroad? Is that something that we should be thinking about in 3Q? And then I guess tied into that, I know you normally, you know, you chase, I guess, to some degree inflation on the way up, and then when deflation comes, you give it back, but with a lag, it doesn't seem like there was all that much of a lag this time around. So I guess is that right? And is there any reason to think that, that's something has changed in terms of how you give pricing back?
GregLovins: Yes. Thanks, John, for the question. Overall, to your point, on raw materials when we look from the first quarter to the second quarter, of course, it differs a little bit by region and commodity. But generally, to your point, we had about somewhere in the low to mid-single-digit deflation sequentially from Q1 to Q2. And that's basically what we would expect as we look forward into the third quarter as well. To your point, as I mentioned earlier in my prepared remarks, we have continued to be disciplined in our pricing. As you know, over the last couple of years, we've implemented pretty significant amount of pricing actions, given all the inflation that we've taken over that time. So given the deflationary - or slightly deflationary trend we've seen here, we have given back a little more price to go with that deflation as we've gone into the second quarter.
Deon Stander: And, John, I'd just add to that. Typically, when we've seen such a steep rise in pricing, we expect that pricing to unwind over the time period as deflation continues to ramp as well. And I think the one thing I would stress is, we continue to remain strong pricing discipline in the industry, as the industry leader to protect the health of the industry in the long term. And we will respond appropriately making sure that first we addressed some of the surcharges that are out there, and secondly then making sure we're continuing to manage our overall margins as well. And I'd also remind everybody that during these times we have been really leaning into productivity and those are typically things that we hold onto in the longer term, the productivity gains we make as well.
Operator: Thank you very much. And we'll proceed with our next question on the line is from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Baird. Please go right ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi: Yes, hi, guys. I just want to echo my congratulations to you, Mitch, and Deon, in your new roles. Best wishes for the future and thanks for all the help over the years also.
MitchButier: Thanks, Ghansham.
Deon Stander: Thanks, Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thanks, Mitch. Thank you, Deon. I guess, you know, just on your comments that you anticipate the $10 plus EPS run rate will be delayed a couple of quarters. Are you implicitly guiding for 2024 EPS to be north at $10 and then related to that, you have easier comparisons 4Q onwards with destocking also sort of behind you, but now we're at a point where consumer spending globally is also weaker. Are you thinking about that headwind both for the back half of this year and also 2024?
GregLovins: Yes, Ghansham. This is Greg, again. So, I think overall, as you said we're looking at last quarter we talked about expect in the back half to be in the $10, $10 plus run rate. Pushing that out a couple of quarters essentially means that moves in more into the first half of next year. So overall, yes, so, I mean, next year we're looking at more than a $10 EPS run rate for the year. When we look forward from where we are here in the second quarter to get into that $10 run rate, I would say there's four primary drivers of that trajectory change. One is really about less destocking in the Labels business. So even though the - there is some signs of consumer demand in packaging categories as a little bit lower, we still saw a fair amount of destocking in Q2 and more normalization of that destocking will give us an increase even if the markets are a little bit slower. We also continue to see the non-apparel Intelligent Labels growth as Deon talked about and you could see in the chart, we included in our slides. And we're continuing to do productivity actions. We raised our productivity, our restructuring expectations for the year by about $15 million from where we were a quarter ago. So we expect we're ending the year with about $0.15 more restructuring benefit than where we were in the second quarter as well. And then again, Deon and I talked a little bit about the base apparel business being softer, and you can see that in some of the charts on our slides as well. So as that normalizes a little bit, we would expect some benefits there also. So those are really the four big drivers I seeing and getting us towards that $10 run rate over the next not-too-distant period.
Deon Stander: Ghansham, maybe let me just add a little context around where we see the markets at the moment. I think as you recall in times and we've seen significant volume declines, for example, in a recessionary period, they tended to be steep but they tended to be a relatively steep recovery as well, and that's what we had been anticipating as we came through the second quarter, and we didn't see that in June. And I think that's largely down to the pace of inventory destocking moderating. But as well, we've seen more uncertainty in the markets in the near-term. I think there are a number of indicators, the macro level that are contrary to each other and I think that's driving further uncertainty. In our Labels business specifically, we're going to continue to see that measured recovery you see on Slide 6, and for apparel, I think there is more muted sentiment now than there has been for a while, and a lot of how apparel goes over the next couple of quarters is going to relate to the results from back-to-school and then the implications for holidays we move forward. As such, we're going to be continuing to focus on service execution for our customers, addressing our cost as Greg has said, and making sure that we're continuing to drive on our share gains as we move forward into the market as well.
Operator: Thank you very much. We'll get to our next question on the line from Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup. Please go right ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good afternoon and congratulations to Mitch and Deon in the new roles.
Deon Stander: Thank you.
MitchButier: Thank you.
Anthony Pettinari: Just following up on - hey, just following up on Ghansham's question, can you discuss that - kind of the decision to pull the full year guide? You've guided to 3Q and you discussed reaching $10 plus in 2024. So I'm just wondering about sort of the decision to give a number for '23 versus not giving a number and I think you said that you expect in 4Q to be above 3Q. Just wondering if you can talk about sort of the sources of potential uncertainty around 4Q or just that decision.
MitchButier: Anthony, let me address that first and then Greg can follow up as needed as well. I think I made the point that we typically have seen a steeper decline in a more steeper recovery in periods when we - when there's been recessionary environments, it's not a recession environment now, but the similar analogy that we would use as we move forward. We had anticipated that been a sharp recovery, particularly in June and July. And we've not necessarily seen that. We've seen volumes sequentially improved. That combined with a more near-term market uncertainty in outlook given some of the country indicators we're seeing over there has led us to focus where we are in Q3, and continuing to see the projection of our volume recovery in Labels business and assuming at the moment that our apparel business will not recover during Q3 at this stage. And then when we factor on top of that, our accelerated IO non-apparel deduction rollout, we feel good about where we are as we look towards $0.20 earnings growth in the third quarter.
Operator: Thank you very much. We'll proceed with our next question on the line from Josh Spector with UBS. Go right ahead.
Josh Spector: Yes, thanks for taking my question. And just echo my congrats to Mitch and Deon.
Deon Stander: Thank you.
Josh Spector: So, just on the RFID non-apparel categories. Obviously, you still forecasting quite strong growth there. Has anything changed in terms of timing and rollout? And then kind of related with that, you know, that chart you show on Slide 7 is pretty helpful about the bridge through the year. Looking at fourth quarter and that exit rate, is that the right way to think about kind of the stack when we get into 2024 as well? Thanks.
Deon Stander: Josh, thanks for the question. Nothing has changed in terms of the timing of the current rollout of non-apparel. The biggest change has been on apparel softness. But let me go back to the non-apparel piece. Those programs are in-flight existing rollouts that we've seen in logistics and food and they are tracking to plan, where our team continues to excellent - sorry execute excellently in that regard and making sure we're delivering on those promises. As you look at the Q4 run rate, that could - that will indicate a degree of the exit run rate into next year, but also remember in logistics, it's the principal season when most packages and volume is shipped as well. So we tend to see a slightly entry point - low entry point into Q3. That said, there continues to be new, and other programs and logistics and food that will increase adoption as we go through '24 as well. And in addition, as apparel volume recovers, we also continue to see new apparel rollouts that we already have secured and we'll start to launch during the second half of this year.
Operator: Thank you very much. We'll get our next question on the line from the line of Mike Roxland with Truist Securities. Go right ahead.
Mike Roxland: Thank you, Mitch, Deon, Greg, John. Appreciating for taking my questions. And I'll just like to echo everybody's comments, Mitch and Deon, congrats on your new roles.
Deon Stander: Thank you.
Mike Roxland: Just one quick question. I'm interested in talking about the cadence of destocking in Label materials in 2Q, especially since you could clearly call about June. So what happened in June, say, relative to April and May, was there a deceleration in June? If so, in what end markets obviously apparel is one that you call out repeatedly had the other end markets that were impacted. And can you comment on what you've seen thus far in July? Thank you.
Deon Stander: Yes, Mike. The difference in June that we saw, we anticipated a steeper ramp, as I think both myself and Mitch said previously. And volumes did continue to ramp, but not at the pace that we'd expected. If you look at Slide 6 which you can see is the combination of April, May, and June continues to ramp, and in July, we're seeing a similar consistent ramp in our revenue through July year to - month-to-date.
MitchButier: I think Mike for part of it is really about, as Deon said a couple of times here, it's really about when historically we've seen more of a sharper recovery in cycles like this, and this is part of it goes back to the question on Q4 guidance as well. We have - what we have seen throughout the quarter is a pretty steady ramp-up across the quarter and continuing into July. And that's what we show on the chart on Slide 6, you can see there, and that's how we've built our outlook into Q3. Further challenge here has been really calling the pace of the recovery, which is why we've confident that we'll get to the $10, and the question is the timing of that and how does that pace go, and do we see a ramp-up - a steeper ramp-up near the end of the destocking period or does it stay in a more steady flow. So that's how we've been thinking about things, and what we've been seeing is a more steady increase over the last few months.
Operator: Thank you very much. We'll get to our next question on the line from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan Securities. Go right ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. On Slide 7, the way I understand that is that Intelligent Labels in the quarter were about flat. And in the first quarter, I think they were up a little bit. So in order to grow 20% this year, do you have to grow 40% in the second half, roughly? And secondly, think that UPS and the workers are - maybe they have a tentative agreement but if it turns out that there is a - an extended UPS strike, does that put your projections in some jeopardy?
Deon Stander: So, Jeff, yes, our performance year-to-date, if you look across the two quarters is roughly flat for apparel, and that's largely been driven by the apparel softness that is being more pronounced than we had anticipated. As I said our IO non-apparel ramp-up is on track and on pace with what we'd anticipated and is continuing to ramp through the second half of the year. So that does imply, yes, a greater than 40% growth rate as we go through the second half of the year. And we feel good about that. As it relates to UPS, specifically, we don't comment on specific customers, but logistics is a big part of our ramp as we move forward through this. And, as we always do for every significant program rollout that we do, Jeff, we do a lot of scenario planning to make sure that we're ready for all eventualities. We've done that in this case. If there was to be any striking the logistics sector of any period, then we would anticipate some impact, but we have made sure all our efforts are focused on continuing for service excellence to continue to validate the strength of the business case that in this instance, the logistics industry is really strong - feel strongly about.
Operator: Thank you very much. Thank you for that. We'll proceed with our next question on the line is from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go right ahead.
George Staphos: Thanks very much. Hi, everybody, good morning. I'll echo what everybody has said, Mitch and Deon, congratulations. Mitch, in particular, congratulations on all the positives and the value creation you brought Avery over your tenure. With that being said, in the matter at hand, given the uncertainties that you're seeing, right, things are steadily getting better, but, you know, you're uncertain enough such that it's difficult for you to project for the full year, hence the lifting of the guide for the year as Anthony was pointing out. What - you gave us several points as to why you feel you get to $10 of earnings power, but what exit rate on volume do we need to be seeing? What other specific quantification would you give us in terms of margin productivity, and so on? Such that you feel you are at that, let's call it, 250 of earnings by the first quarter. So again, particularly, what kind of volume run rate do we need to see into the first half - into the first quarter of '24 for you to feel comfortable about that guide to $10 of earnings powered for the first half of '24?
GregLovins: Yes, thanks for the question, George. Overall, when we look, you know, at even where we were in Q2 with the amount of destocking we have - we had in the second quarter and we would estimate that probably more than a couple of weeks in North America and Europe. And if we were to normalize for that amount of destocking and also normalized for apparel, our base apparel business was down I think more than 20% in the quarter. I mean, you can see the chart on apparel imports as well. If both of those would normalize, we will be closer to 250 run rate already at this point from the normalization of those things. So that's how we would think about it as we get through the destocking even in the lower volume - somewhat lower volume environment that we're in our demand environment, I should say. So as we get to the destocking and see - eventually here is some normalization of the apparel demand and starting to normalize the apparel demand. That's how we feel like we get back to that $10.
Operator: Thank you very much. We'll get to our next question on the line is from Christopher Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets. Go right ahead.
Christopher Kapsch: Yes, hi. Sorry, I had a sort of a bigger-picture question about the broader RFID adoption, less about the cadence of growth over the next couple of quarters. I guess it was early '21, you guys did a pretty comprehensive update and talked about the commercial momentum we had in IL and different categories beyond apparel that you were targeting and the base, the business case, the adoption case for those target markets. And so I'm just wondering as if you - as you continue to get momentum and traction beyond item level apparel, I'm just curious if the use case that you anticipated back then is still intact? Are those evolving at all? Are there any new sort of adoption cases for RFID that are emerging like predictive analytics, anything like that? I'm just wondering if some - were everything sort of evolving and developing as you kind of expected strategically, you know, the couple of few years ago?
Deon Stander: Yes, Chris, thank you. In apparel, what we saw the industry really drive adoption around was effectively inventory productivity and visibility. And that case actually holds true for many industries and verticals we look further along, Christopher. If you remember, we said that apparels addressable market is about 40 billion units, logistics is about 60 billion, 65 billion, and food was north of 200 billion. So a significant order of magnitude, if we were able to prove the value of the solutions that we provide. And we've not come to sort of realize that those are really sort of in four really categories, one is, helping reduce waste, whether that's food waste, the promise of reducing food waste, the promise of waste in the supply chain. Again reemphasizing the - how labor efficiency and supply chain effectiveness becomes more pronounced when you use technology like RFID. The third, one is really an emerging piece, which is around being able to provide the sustainability, circularity, and transparency of items and the mechanism for measuring that. And the final one is, we're starting to see also a better way for brands to directly connect with their consumers. And so when we look into each one of these verticals, in particularly the ones that are in-flight now logistics and food, we see use cases that are reinforcing the need to address those problems. In food, really trying to understand how you shine a light on provenance down the supply chain. And then use that to drive food freshness in store and less waste. The waste, as you know, it could be 30% to 50% of everything produced in those states gets wasted, typically, we produced a report that showed that I think last year. In logistics, using the technology to really understand how do you avoid missed shipments and missed loads is one example, but then also traceability as well and that is to come and we're engaged with a number of alternative place the ones we already have both in food and logistics proving out some of these - proving up the economics of those business cases. And what we come to realize is, as in apparel, the typical use cases apply across all the industry players, when that's once been established. And that's the reason why Chris, we've been leaning so far forward and not just dealing with customer problems, they trying to activate markets. Because in that activation of markets, we can see the benefits spreading across all of them.
Operator: Thank you very much. And we'll get to our next question on the lines now is a follow-up question from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Go right ahead.
John McNulty: Yes, good morning. And maybe I can kind of sneak two here, since we have brown dripped it once already. So, I guess the first one would just be in the solutions business going from 1Q to 2Q, you saw revenues up. And presumably, the mix got better because it looks like Intelligent Labels with at least flat if not up a - at least a little bit. So why wasn't there any improvement in the ORI? And then, I guess the second thing that I just wanted to flesh out a little bit is, these - I think you're always busy with new projects, new pilots in the RFID or Intelligent Labels area, but obviously, there is some chunky ones like, we've seen a big home goods one that you've had with the customer, we've seen a new big logistics one. I guess as you look out over the next 12 months or so, are there large-scale projects that maybe haven't been announced yet, but that you see in the pipe that - you could make it to the finish line in the next 12 months that we should be at least considering. Thanks.
MitchButier: Thanks, John. So, under first question, looking at solutions from Q1 to Q2, well, as you said, we sell the sequential improvement in the non-apparel portions of IL, really the base apparel business where we saw a pretty significant decline and we actually have within that even an unfavorable mix. So from Q1 to Q2, despite that portion of Intelligent Labels, the rest of the segment had an unfavorable mix sequentially, and that's really what's - while we had a benefit from the volume growth sequentially Q1 to Q2 and some of the productivity actions we had an unfavorable mix, sequentially as well.
Deon Stander: And, John, just your question on any large-scale programs that we look forward, the short answer is, yes, there are a number that are in flight at the moment. I was actually just with an executive of a fast casual chain during this last week, rediscussion some of the extended applications that we're going to work with them on both transparency and freshness as well. And we see similar things in grocery around freshness, and in addition, in logistics, we're engaged with a number of other industry players as well. And so in time, those will become more pronounced and we will start the rollout and adoption of those. I'll also say, as I reiterate reiterated I think earlier on, in apparel, we've recently just also closed out four new apparel accounts and they will be starting to roll out from the third quarter and fourth quarter into next year.
Operator: Thank you very much. We'll get to our next question on the line is another follow-up from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Go right ahead.
George Staphos: Thank you. Hi, guys. Two quickies to wrap up from me. So, when we talk about destocking in apparel, some of the discussion in the past had been, your customers ultimately will mark down to move inventory and so destocking is not an issue and that was the expectation in terms of why destocking should have been done by now a year after those retail headlines started coming out. So where is this inventory that needs to continue to be destocked, what if your customers told you in terms of why they're still in this position, recognizing it is what it is? And then secondly, back to organic volume, when should we expect positive volumes for Avery across its key segments and product lines recognizing IL is going to be growing? But in total, is that a fourth-quarter phenomenon, or is that a first-quarter phenomenon? Thank you.
Deon Stander: George, let me address the first question. Yes, the news that - I think I mentioned this last time, the news that a number of retailers and brands have started to make progress on their inventory reductions is true, but it's not uniform, George. Across some of - across the whole apparel industry, there is variation in both brands and retailers and their ability to get at there. And we continue to see variation where some retailers and brands have high inventory levels they have historically carried. And then with a more muted sentiments that they're factoring in, we're not seeing necessarily that inventory come out at the rate that we would have hoped and I suspect that they would have hoped as well.
GregLovins: Yes, and George, on your second question from organic volume growth perspective, we would expect - we anticipate at least as we're into the fourth quarter to see volume growth versus Q4 of last year, as we start to obviously comp some of that destocking, but we would see that continuing to improve as we moved into the beginning of 2024 as well.
Operator: Thank you very much. Mr. Butier, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to you for any closing remarks.
Mitch Butier: All right. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining the call today. Clearly having a challenging period right now, but we remain extremely confident in our position and prospects and our ability to continue to deliver GDP+ growth and top-quartile returns over the long run. Thank you all very much.
Operator: Thank you and thank you, everyone. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. We ask that you disconnect your lines. Have a good day, everyone.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-26 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterward, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And welcome to the Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter Ended on April 1, 2023. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 5:00 pm Eastern Time today through midnight Eastern Time, April 29th. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 1-402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 2202-0691. Id now like to turn the call over to John Eble, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
John Eble: Thank you, Kathy. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled from GAAP on schedules A4 to A8 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the safe harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Deon Stander, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, John. Good day, everyone. We continue to make progress on our long-term strategies and objectives and continue to expect to achieve a run rate greater than $10 of EPS in the second half of this year. That said, the year started off even more challenging than we anticipated a few months ago. In the first quarter, we delivered EPS in line with our expectations as our productivity measures offset a shortfall in revenue. This lower revenue was due to higher-than-anticipated inventory destocking, a trend that has continued into the second quarter, causing us to reduce our outlook for Q2 and thus the full year. Inventory levels downstream from our materials business were greater than we and our customers previously anticipated and are being unwound at a rapid pace. While the magnitude of inventory destocking is causing near-term challenges, the underlying fundamentals of our business remain strong. We are exposed to diverse and growing end markets, principally staples. We are market leaders in our primary businesses with clear competitive advantages in terms of scale and innovation. And we have a clear set of strategies that have been the keys to our success over the years. An important element of these strategies, as you know, is to drive outsized growth in higher-value categories. And the best example of that is Intelligent Labels, which we've built leveraging both our Materials and Solutions businesses as well as our leadership in RFID technology. This strategy has not only increased the growth and margin potential of our company but of the markets we serve. With the underlying strength of our markets, our businesses, our strategies and, of course, our team, we remain confident in our ability to deliver long-term superior value for all of our stakeholders and are on track to achieve our 2025 and 2030 objectives. As for 2023, as I said earlier, we are off to a challenging start. We have implemented a number of countermeasures to reduce the impact of the soft volume environment in the first half and expect to deliver an EPS run rate of greater than $10 in the second half. I'll now turn it over to Deon, then Greg for more color on the results and our outlook.
Deon Stander: Thanks, Mitch, and hello, everyone. As Mitch mentioned, our first half is being impacted by inventory reductions throughout label and apparel channels. Given the soft volume environment in the near term, we have activated countermeasures accordingly, focusing on minimizing the impact of lower volume on our bottom line during this period. We have initiated temporary cost reduction actions, ramped up restructuring initiatives and paid back capital investments in our base businesses, while protecting investments in our high-growth initiatives, particularly Intelligent Labels. I'll now provide more color on our segment performance. Materials Group sales were down 9% ex currency and on an organic basis, driven by a roughly 20% volume decline, partially offset by higher prices. Looking at label materials organic volume trends in the quarter by region, North America was down more than 20%; Europe was down more than 25%; overall emerging markets were down low double digits with China volumes down low to mid-single digits, while the residual impact of exiting Russia lowered growth by 3 points in the quarter. It's now more clear that the scale of inventory built in the industry was greater than expected with higher levels at both our direct customers and end customers. As we've shared before, a supply and demand imbalance led inventory levels to be built throughout the industry in 2021 and in 2022. As supply chain constraints began to ease and raw material inflation showed signs of moderating, inventories reduced swiftly beginning in November, a trend that continued through Q1 and now into Q2. We expect the inventory correction to be largely complete midyear and our volume to rebound to historic GDP+ growth trajectory. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 14.2% in Q1 was relatively strong, down 1 point compared to prior year as benefits from productivity and pricing net of raw material costs were more than offset by lower volume. Sequentially, adjusted EBITDA margin increased 140 basis points from Q4, despite higher inventory destocking. We expect adjusted EBITDA margin to continue improving sequentially throughout 2023. Now turning to the Solutions Group. Sales were down 8% ex currency and 9% on an organic basis. High-value categories were up low single digits organically, more than offset by the base business being down roughly 20%. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.7% was down 340 basis points compared to prior year, driven by lower volume. We expect adjusted EBITDA margin to improve sequentially throughout 2023. As expected, apparel volumes in the quarter continued to be soft across channels, driven by both inventory corrections and retailers factoring muted sentiment into their near-term sourcing plans. We expect our apparel business to rebound in the second half of the year, and for the Solutions segment to additionally benefit from high-value category growth, increasing throughout the year, in particular, our Intelligent Labels platform and in our external embellishment platform as well. As part of our portfolio shift to higher value solutions, earlier this week, we signed an agreement to acquire Lion Brothers, a leading provider of external embellishments with roughly $65 million in annual revenue. This acquisition expands our position in external embellishments, a key growth platform for the Solutions Group. Turning to Intelligent Labels. While we expect growth to accelerate for the year, enterprise-wide sales were up low single digits on an organic basis in the quarter. Non-apparel categories, including logistics, food and other category expansions, were up roughly 50%, largely offset by a decline in apparel due to mature program destocking and lower retailer sentiment. Overall, the underlying momentum in this business continues to accelerate, and we are confident that this will be a $1 billion platform in 2023. Our solutions help solve challenging problems like supply chain and food waste, dealing with labor shortage and labor effectiveness helping provide visibility, traceability and enabling circularity of items and helping brands and consumers better connect. As such, we expect to drive further adoption, extend use cases and expand programs with major customers throughout the year. In food, we continue with promising pilots in QSR and grocery. In general retail, a large discount retailer continues to expand beyond apparel to categories such as home and goods and toys. In logistics, a leading logistics solutions provider is rolling out broad adoption of our technology to improve miss loads, rotting accuracy and productivity. We expect volume in the second half will be multiples of Q1 for this program. And in apparel, we continue to drive penetration with new customers and expand the use cases of our solutions. For example, Inditex, the owner of Zara, recently shared that they will use our proprietary integrated RFID tags sewn into garments to eliminate hard tags and enhance the customer experience, including reducing the checkout time by up to 50%, increasing client autonomy as well as efficiency in online packing. We are proud to be the key RFID solution partner across these pioneering initiatives. Our strategies continue to pay off. And as the leader in ultrahigh frequency RFID, we are extremely well positioned to not only capture these new opportunities but create them, leading at the intersection of the physical and digital. Stepping back, as inventory levels normalize and the underlying momentum in our business accelerates throughout the year, we continue to expect a strong second half this year. Given the diversity of our end markets across the Company, our strong competitive advantages and resilience as an organization to adjust course when needed, I'm confident in our ability to deliver against our objectives through a wide range of business cycles. With that, I'll hand the call over to Greg.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, Deon, and hello, everybody. In the first quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $1.70, in line with our expectations despite higher-than-anticipated inventory destocking and down compared to prior year as benefits from productivity and price net of raw material costs were more than offset by lower volume. Sales were down 9%, both ex currency and on an organic basis, driven by mid- to high-teens volume decline, partially offset by higher prices. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 13.6% in the quarter, up 70 basis points compared to Q4 with adjusted EBITDA dollars up 7% sequentially as productivity and positive mix more than offset lower volume. Free cash flow was negative $71 million in the quarter and in line with our expectations. Free cash flow in the first quarter is seasonally our lowest quarter, often negative, driven primarily by the timing of customer rebates and employee incentive payments. Additionally, we have higher inventories in certain areas across the Company, partially related to strategic inventory builds in components such as RFID chips, and in components in which we experienced supply disruptions over the last couple of years. For the latter, we are focusing on driving improvements across the businesses and expect to make good progress as the year unfolds. Our balance sheet remains strong. In March, we issued $400 million of senior notes and are using the net proceeds from the offering to repay the $250 million of notes that were due in April to fund acquisitions and to repay commercial paper. We continue to execute our disciplined capital allocation strategy, including investing in organic growth and acquisitions, while continuing to return cash to shareholders. In the quarter, we returned $112 million to shareholders through the combination of share repurchases and dividends as well as deployed $44 million for M&A. Now shifting to our outlook for 2023. Last quarter, there were a number of key assumptions embedded in our guidance for the year. We expected Q1 results to be comparable to Q4 with label destocking to be largely complete at the end of the first quarter and apparel destocking to be largely complete midyear. We expected cost savings initiatives to ramp throughout the year and Intelligent Labels momentum to accelerate through the year, targeting more than 20% growth with $1 billion in revenue, with all of this culminating into a more than $10 second half earnings per share run rate. Now, we are keeping to all of these assumptions, except for the timing of label destocking, which, as Mitch and Deon noted, we now expect to continue into the second quarter as inventory levels in this channel were higher than we anticipated. In Q2, we now expect adjusted EPS to improve roughly $0.30 to $0.40 sequentially from Q1 as our destocking begins to moderate and underlying momentum in the business builds. Following Q2, we continue to expect a strong second half of the year with an adjusted EPS run rate of more than $10 annualized. We expect downstream inventories will largely normalize, cost savings initiatives will be ramping and growth in Intelligent Labels will be accelerating. For these reasons, we continue to expect significant earnings growth in the back half and see a strong trajectory as we exit 2023. For 2023, overall, we now anticipate adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $8.85 to $9.20. We have outlined additional key contributing factors to this guidance on slide 11 of our supplemental presentation materials. One item to note, as part of our productivity initiatives, we have increased our outlook for restructuring costs by roughly $0.20, in savings by $0.05, including some newer initiatives that will only begin generating benefits late this year. In summary, despite the near-term challenges, we remain confident in our ability to continue to deliver exceptional value through our strategies for long-term profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation. Now, we'll open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question, it comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hey, guys. Good day. Would you be able to give us volumes by month in the first quarter and thus far in what you're seeing in April? I'm just trying to get a sense as to how the trend line has progressed and how that fits in with your confidence as it relates to destocking cycling through by the midpoint of this year.
Deon Stander: Ghansham, hi. This is Deon. Our volumes by month in the first quarter were relatively consistent, but increased slightly as we went through the -- midway through the quarter. We've also seen in April a positive trend relative to March in both North America and Europe on our volumes overall. As it relates to our confidence in the second half of the year, I think it's down to a number of elements, Ghansham, the first being that we fully anticipate a significant aisle ramp-up as these new programs already in flight will rise and accelerate through the year. And as I've expressed in the meeting during the call, these solutions are really helping customers deal with waste, labor effectiveness, consumer engagement. And we expect a significant portion of our total revenue from these new programs to happen in the second half of the year. We also expect volume to recover post the inventory reductions as well and particularly in apparel, our volumes to rebound in the normal fashion that we would expect post these inventory reductions and as sentiment around the end of the year and particularly around holiday is stronger. And then finally, we're going to see continued cost savings ramping up during the year, Ghansham.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: So obviously, in the Materials segment, things are taking a little bit longer to work through in terms of the destocking. I guess, can you speak to the visibility that you have and how far downstream you have that visibility to get comfortable with the idea that this should be done by give or take the middle of the year. Can you help us to think about that?
Deon Stander: Yes. John, our updated market intelligence now points to there being -- inventory being much deeper in both our direct and customers that wed first anticipated. Actually, I met with a number of our European customers more recently and the general feedback from them was that they anticipate inventories, both themselves and direct customers to be reduced midyear. Of course, this is a sample size of our total customer base. And so these inventory levels range across the world and by geography, but the general updated feedback we're getting is that volume reductions are in line to happen midyear. I think the second data point, John, that I could point to is the slight increase in our run rate of orders as we are into April relative to where it was from March as well.
Mitch Butier: Yes. And just to build on that a little bit. So with our direct customers talking on the material side specifically, I think we've got more transparency there. When we were in a period, as Deon talked about of supplies being limited and constricted and prices increasing, people are building inventories, and I think there was a bit less transparency than we normally have between ourselves and the direct customers of exactly how much inventory there was at that level. Understandably when people are trying to build their inventory levels, given how vital our products and solutions are for the end markets that was what was happening. So, we feel confident that there's been more transparency. We have better feel for what the direct -- or customers have at this stage. And we have a number of programs, obviously, to span out across our thousands of customers cascaded throughout the organization for that. I would say at the end user level, what we see in here is one that even the end users had a bit more inventory than they themselves realize, one. And two, there's a little bit, that's probably a bit of our blind spot still is at the end user level, particularly around BI. If you think about large logistics players, fulfillment centers and so forth, our products and solutions are vital to the operations of everything they do. And they've built inventory, but also a little bit less of visibility about exactly how much labels they have on stock. But all in all, this is basically the collective wisdom of what we're seeing across the enterprise as well as the analysis we've done of linking at the end consumption going back a number of years of how our demand ultimately links and where there was a disjoint in '21 and '22 inventory build. And it's in our range of guidance of when it unwinds.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details. I'll ask my first question just on solutions. And so Deon, can you help us understand why you feel you have good line of sight, same sort of thread of question, as John had with materials, in solutions that that destocking should end in 2Q and as much as we think back last year, a lot of the apparel destocking began kind of middle of the year. Your customers and their customers will put that product to the side and save it for the next season. And so why doesn't the destock linger into the fall season, if I got my timing right. And then kind of the follow-on and I'll turn it over. Did you mention ultimately what growth outlook you have for intelligent label this year? Are you still standing by your growth goal? And are you seeing any more competition these days in that market that maybe is impeding your progress beyond the destock? Thank you.
Deon Stander: Thanks, George. Let me address the first question. I'll get to the second one then. In terms of the apparel industry, we did see inventory destocking start. But if you recall, it was largely with a very small group of retailers in the early part of the year. And then more of the retailers and the brands started to adjust towards the latter part of the year. We've continued to see some of that inventory destocking. And in discussion with our customers, I would say there's a balance of some customers because not all of them at the same place, saying they are still dealing with some leg of the industry. And others seeing thing that they are now getting towards the end of it. But they're also, as I said, factoring in more muted sentiment into their near-term sourcing plans. The only other piece I'd comment on, George, is your question on whether inventory gets held or not. We do see certain types of inventory potentially get held, but the vast majority doesn't. It just typically gets discounted. And that's how they clear through it. It's part of the margin management that they take as customers. As it relates to the second half and your question on our IL confidence, we are confident in the $1 billion for this year, and that's based on we have a real line of sight to the significant program rollout and adoption that's happening right now and we'll be accelerating quite dramatically as we go through the year. As always, we believe as the market leader we're helping position not only the industry for future success and adding real value to that but we're also setting the standard for how the industry should act and expect -- what should be expected from our customers as we solve some of these problems. And as always, there is competition out there. But we believe as the market leader, we continue to set the pace for what is expected.
Greg Lovins: Just to reiterate, George. So as Deon mentioned, we're still targeting $1 billion of Intelligent Labels sales this year, which will be more than 20% growth versus prior year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari: In Materials, can you talk about where the price versus raw material spread is right now? We saw some grades of resin come up in the first quarter. Just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about maybe the assumptions for 2Q and the second half. And I think you said Materials saw kind of 20% type of inflation last year. Just kind of wondering what that looks like in the first half of this year.
Greg Lovins: Yes. Thanks, Anthony. So in the first quarter, year-over-year, that's -- last year in we're still in a little bit of hold, still catching up on overall price inflation dynamics from the year or so before that. So this year, as I said earlier, part of our improvement year-over-year, offsetting some of the volume decline year-over-year is a net benefit on price inflation. When we look at dynamics, though, as we've been moving across the last couple of quarters, I would say, Q4 to Q1, relatively small movements in terms of pricing coming up a little bit from some actions we had announced back in Q4 and a little bit of material movement but pretty immaterial from Q4 to Q1, with a little bit of chemical and film deflation offset by a bit of paper inflation. So not a big change from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. As we look Q1 to Q2, we see a little bit of movement, maybe a little bit of movement downward in materials from Q1 to Q2, but again, not too significant of an adjustment from the first quarter to the second quarter. So overall, we're continuing to manage our net price inflation as we always have, and we're continuing to monitor how the materials go, and that will be an impact on how our pricing goes throughout the year as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities.
Jeff Zekauskas: Normally, your payables go up, I don't know, $100 million from the fourth quarter to the first. And this year, they're going down by $100 million. Can you reflect on that? And is the logical conclusion to be drawn that the working capital burden may be a couple of hundred million this year because your payables will be lower than they were last year by the end of the year?
Greg Lovins: Yes. Well, Jeff, I think what's happening on payables, as you heard Deon talk about earlier, and we've talked about last quarter, the destocking really started roughly at the beginning of November last year. So a lot of the payables, we had opened at year-end, at the end of Q4 related to November and October type of time frame where we were buying raw materials then we started to see that fall off at the end of the last quarter. The payables at the end of this quarter went down, as we talked about, our volumes decreased. We had more destocking in the first quarter versus Q4 since we basically had a full quarter of destocking versus last quarter. At the same time, we're managing our own inventories down as well. So overall, we continue to see payables from that perspective. Now as volume ramps up, we expect that to recover. And at the same time, we've got some inventory that's more strategic from an inventory build perspective where we're continuing to build chips ahead of the volume, we see still strong opportunities as we've already talked about and what we're going to deliver this year from Intelligent Labels. So we're building that chip inventory, and we've been building some inventory on some key raw materials that have been more disrupted over the last year or so. So it's a key focus of ours to continue managing as we move through the year, and we continue to be confident to getting somewhere near 100% cash conversion for the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS Securities, LLC.
Josh Spector: I just wanted to follow up on the Intelligent Labels. So, the 50% non-apparel growth, how much of that in the first quarter was logistics related? And I guess, Deon, I'm intrigued by your comments about that stepping up. I think you said multiple factors in the second half. So, do you expect much greater than 50% growth in the non-apparel business later this year? And the last one along with this is how much carryover does that leave for that business for those programs yet to roll out into 2024?
Deon Stander: Josh, yes, we do expect non-apparel growth to be higher than 50% as we go through the year, reflecting the ramp-up of those programs. And as I mentioned, it's not just the logistics program. There's also the programs we talked about in general retail where large discount retailers rolling out additional categories, and we're also expecting the rollout of the work we're doing with Inditex at Zara to continue through the second half of the year. In terms of carryover, as many of these programs roll out, they do have a degree of carryover impact. But typically, what we see in the industries that we serve, there are always new programs being phased in and adopted. And so the overall carryover rate tends to get diluted because there are always new programs that come around whether they be new customers, new use case extension or even new segments such as food, industrial and logistics, et cetera.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mike Roxland with Truist Securities.
Mike Roxland: You've been guiding Intelligent Labels organic growth of 20-plus-percent and it seems like it's a forecast for the next several years. Some of the chip growth [indiscernible] the guys -- chip manufacturer, I should say, seem to be growing at around 50% and given some of their commentary recently signing logistics, foods or other verticals. So, I'm just wondering how you reconcile discrepancy between the outlook for 20% versus what some of the chip producers are forecasting. And then, just one additional quick one. Given that NXP or some other chip producers are looking to break into RFID Intelligent Labels, could there be any benefit to you guys from procuring more chips from other -- by diversifying your supply a bit, in other words? Thank you.
Deon Stander: Thanks, Mike. I think we've been fairly consistent in saying that we expect our long-term growth in this platform to be 20%-plus, reflecting our service of the broad number of industries out there, starting with apparel and going through food, logistics, industrial, auto, pharmaceuticals, et cetera, as we roll out each one of those industries, and that's where we're spending a lot of our additional investments to ensure that we're accelerating those categories. And as the largest RFID player, we believe that we're going to represent the average overall above 20% growth as we go through the next few years. As it relates to your question on additional opportunities for sourcing, the chip industry in of itself, Mike, as you know, segmented. There are those that are focused on very high memory chips, largely targeted electronics. And then there were also some -- there is capacity around what we would typically see in the UHF RFID. We have made sure that we have ample supply availability and supply chain resilience when it comes to ensuring our ability to meet our demand moving forward. And that will be a continued policy as we move forward, looking at what we need to do to secure the health of the industry.
Mitch Butier: Yes. Mike, just to build on that a little bit. It's hard to tell exactly what you're comping to specifically, but the 20% plus as Deon said is something we expect over the coming few years. If you then -- you're comping, I think, the non-apparel categories, which are obviously growing faster than that did in Q1, and we expect that to ramp in the coming quarters. So, that's one factor. The other is if you're looking upstream from us, chip manufacturers are not just serving the consumables, which we do, but also the hardware. And when a whole new category start adopting, there's obviously a lot of hardware installation and so forth with the chip manufacturers will also be servicing. So depending on what you're looking at, that's one angle overall. And then, the other aspect, just as we often get questions about broad inflation in commodities, how does it link to our direct inflation or deflation on the material side within the Intelligent Label side. We are buying very specific chips on older nodes. And so, themes that you might hear what's going on, on general chip capacity and so forth aren't always a direct correlation for the specific aspects that we buy.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Christopher Kapsch from Loop Capital Markets.
Christopher Kapsch: So, in the Materials segment, I'm curious if you could distinguish with respect to the excess channel inventories that manifested. Was this a function more of the inflationary cycle and the raw material costs, or is it really now a function of just the downstream customers having built inventory that's just simply ahead of demand that's not as robust as it was, if you have any feel for that? And then, the reason I'm asking is historically, you've talked about your fragmented converter base is not really having much willingness or maybe even much physical capacity for -- to carry much roll stock inventory. In fact, that was one of your competitive -- is one of your competitive advantages to sell to converters with just-in-time responsiveness. But with some of the negativity being expressed in the stock and valuation, it just seems like the magnitude of the destock that we're now witnessing wasn't really thought as a fundamental possibility. So, is there something structurally that's changed? Just trying to reconcile the different narratives. Thank you.
Mitch Butier: Yes, Chris. So no, I don't think anything structurally changed. Something changed within that -- within the last couple of years that was temporary. So, you mentioned the significant price inflation. So, that has an impact, and we've been calling that out for a while. The other is just the supply constraints. And so the supply constraints were significant. You combine both of those, and that led to inventory building, which we've been calling out for 15 months now that there was excess inventory. We did not understand the magnitude of it. So no shift overall in that. As far as the converters, a lot of it just has to do with how much space generally the converters have within their operations. Quite a few of the converters that they've actually rented out additional warehouse space to hold the -- our materials to make sure they had continuity of supply and it really just reinforces the essential nature of our products to both decoration and brand imagery. They're very important to brands as well as information solutions, whether that be base barcode labels or the RFID solutions that we provide. And then, I'd say it's also disproportionally we see additional inventory in the variable information label space, so the blink -- labels for barcodes. And that makes sense, if you think about it from just the fact that, as I said before, logistics players. If you're trying to operate a large fulfillment center absolutely need our products just to operate. And so, that's where we saw quite a bit of building, not just at the converter level but also at the end user. And in talking with the couple of end users, specifically in that space and large ones, they even said, yes, we had more inventory than even we realized. And these are the senior leaders within those businesses. And you can imagine if you're a large operation like some of the large logistics players and fulfillment companies have, they just want to make sure they're secured supply. And that's not how much inventory and where they are, it wasn't the primary objective at the time to make sure it was managed tightly. It was making sure they had supply. Now that we're not in as much of a supply-constrained environment, obviously, those concerns are less, and that's why you're seeing the rapid unwinding here.
Operator: And I have a follow-up question from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: Yes. Thanks for the follow-ups. I guess maybe two, if I can sneak them in. I guess the first one is with the significant destocking in materials from your customer base and you running at lower utilization rates, I would assume, is there anything from a fixed cost absorption issue that we need to be thinking about as far as the margin impact and how that might progress through the year? And then, I guess the other follow-up that I had was just around your Intelligent Label growth for you to hit kind of that 20% plus this year, you're talking about like 40% to 50% growth in the back half of the year. I guess how much of that is tied to a recovery in the apparel market versus the ramp of your new businesses. If you can kind of give us some color on that.
Greg Lovins: Yes, John. So on your first question, certainly, the destocking and volume declines that we've seen in materials. And I think Deon mentioned, it's in the low 20% to high 20% range in both North America, Europe has an impact on fixed cost absorption. But really, you see that already in our fourth quarter and our Q1 margins. And what the teams have done there is really drive a significant amount of productivity that includes some short-term volume-related cost reductions as well as some belt tightening and then ramping up some structural actions to help offset that. And that's why we saw our margins improve quite a bit sequentially in the materials business from Q4 to Q1. So, I would say the biggest part of that absorption challenge has already been in the fourth quarter and the first quarter, and we'll start to see that improve as the volumes improve as we get to the middle of the year. So I think that's how I think about that. And our team has done a great job driving productivity to offset already.
Deon Stander: And John, to your second question around IL growth, there is a small amount that is obviously tied to some of our apparel destocking ending and apparel recovery. But the vast majority of the growth is tied to these new category rollouts, whether it be with logistics -- in logistics or in general retail, they will make up the vast majority of the growth for the remainder of the year.
Operator: And I have another follow-up question from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: So, you mentioned that your incremental restructuring, if I heard you correctly, is worth about $0.20 in cost, and there's about a nickel benefit of that in 2023 because it's happening during the year as opposed to for the full amount of the year, can you talk to what the annualized impact of the benefit from the restructuring is? And does it -- should we more or less read that the benefit offsets whatever the incremental headwind was from destocking relative to your prior guidance? And I had a couple of follow-ons.
Greg Lovins: Yes, George. So overall, as you said, we've increased our cost expectation about $0.20, and our savings about a nickel. The reason that cost savings is -- or the cost side of that has gone up a little bit more is we are driving, of course, a number of incremental projects including some site optimizations across the businesses. And some of that we're still working through, and we expect that savings to kick in, in late 2023 and give us some carryover in 2024. On those specific projects, again, I would expect the incremental cost would be largely offset by the kind of annualized run rate of the benefits that we get from those newer projects. So, that's the way I would think about that. Our overall restructuring initiative isn't just to offset the destocking. I think the destocking is offset by a combination of the restructuring and structural changes as well as the temporary actions that I talked about a minute ago, whether that's volume-based cost reductions, belt tightening, all the type of things that we executed back in 2020 as well. That playbook we've been executing over the last couple of quarters, and that's been helping us to offset the volume challenges.
Operator: And Id have another follow-up question from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities.
Jeff Zekauskas: A two-part question. In the light of the inventory destock that you're experiencing, the sharp destock, are you rethinking your historical rates of volume growth in your businesses? That is whether in retrospect they were overstated because of the conditions having to do either with the pandemic or with difficulties in logistics? And does that change your view about how much capacity you might need in the future? And then secondly, obviously, UPS is the one that's really moving into the intelligent label area. When you look at the different providers of logistics services, whether the post office or FedEx or someone else, are companies like UPS unique, or are the kinds of things that that company needs more representative of what the logistics industry needs generally?
Deon Stander: Jeff, let me address your second question first. As it relates to logistics, the challenges generally in logistics remain the same across the industry. And so in that regard, they're not unique. And we are seeing interest across the industry, not only in North America and Europe but also in Asia, in just how our solutions are able to solve for some of these challenges of misrouting, inventory productivity and ultimately better customer experience at the endpoint delivery as well.
Mitch Butier: Yes, Jeff. And as far as your first question, I think there's two underlying questions on what is our underlying assumption and thinking around the end markets and end demand; and then two, what are the implications around capital allocation. So first off, we continue to see, and we spend a lot of time on this around our end markets continue to grow GDP+ and that's just the continued drive all the factors we've been talking about over the years around the megatrends that support all of that. And if you look at where we were in the pandemic, we had got basically a pandemic bump. And when we look at it in retrospect, there were two factors. We knew there was a bit of inventory build in 2021 that we know accelerated in the first part of 2022, and there was increased consumption, particularly related to pandemic. As we look back, particularly in 2021, a bit more of that was inventory build than the end consumption bump from COVID. So that definitely -- our outlook from that period pivoted. But as far as the trajectory over the cycle with what we're seeing on underlying demand, those still remain strong. Now with that pandemic bump, we definitely spent more capital to make sure we had sufficient capacity and to add the resiliency given some of the supply chain constraints. And so, we are reducing the amount of capital allocated to the base materials business. We had a number of programs in flight for this year that are still going through. So, we pared it back a bit this year. But if you look at the coming couple of years, we've got sufficient capacity for the markets growth in the coming years. So overall, healthy GDP+ markets. We continue to expect to grow faster in those markets as we continue to leverage our innovation strength. That's materials, obviously as well as solutions and capital allocation, a bit paring back in materials for a couple of years, that's a near-term adjustment while we'll continue to lean forward in capital allocations, particularly around the Intelligent Labels.
Operator: And the last question is a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Two questions. First of all, as we think about the maintenance of the $10 plus of annualized earnings per share guidance for the back half of the year. Mitch, Deon, Greg, what kind of macro environment, what kind of volume assumption, realizing this is a very simplistic question, should invest or should analysts be thinking is underwriting that kind of earnings growth? We already know that you're done with destocking in your forecast relative to that guidance. So what kind of world do we need to be in? What kind of volumes do you need to be putting up to be getting that type of earnings? And then, you've probably talked to this before. But to the extent that you have these new programs and new outlets for Intelligent Labels and the growth that you said you're going to get this year, the back half of the year, recognizing we're not going to be able to see this from the financials as you present them per se, it's not a segment, should we be assuming that the incremental margin -- excuse me, the margin that you're getting on those programs is equivalent to your existing Intelligent Label programs? Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, George, it's Greg. So on the macro, I think when we talked last quarter, coming into this year, we generally assumed a bit softer macro environment with a bit softer consumption patterns as we move through the year this year versus what it had been. So, I don't think anything has changed in our view from that perspective. And we look across from Q1 to Q2, as I talked about, we expect some sequential improvement there. As IL ramps up, as our productivity initiatives ramp up, we see a little bit of seasonality benefit in apparel and a little bit less destocking as we get to the back part of Q2. And then, when we go from Q2 to the second half of the year, again, destocking improves. We continue to see that IL ramping up and we continue to drive a little bit of productivity there and apparel business improves in the back half as well. So, those are really the drivers of the run rate in the second half. It doesn't assume that the macro improves significantly as we move across the quarters.
Deon Stander: And George, to your second question, we're going to continue to see for these new programs above segment average margins as we've seen historically for our rather IL programs as well. And this is while we will continue to lean forward in investing to ensure that we continue to drive forward all of these new verticals as well as the market leader.
Operator: And Mr. Butier, there are no other questions. I'll turn the call back over to you for your closing remarks.
Mitch Butier: All right. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining the call today. Clearly a challenging start to the year, but we are as confident as ever in our ability to consistently execute to deliver superior value for all of our stakeholders, clearly, including our investors. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-02 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year ended on December 31, 2022. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 4:00 PM Eastern Time today through midnight Eastern Time, February 05. To access the replay, please dial (800) 633-8284 or 1 (402) 977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 2202-0690. I would now like to turn the conference over to John Eble, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
John Eble: Thank you, Frank. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled from GAAP on schedules A4 to A10 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the safe harbor statement included in today's earnings release.  On the call today are Mitch Butier, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Deon Stander, President, and Chief Operating Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, John, and good day, everyone. We posted impressive results in 2022 in the face of an extremely challenging environment. We delivered another year of double-digit EPS growth on a constant currency basis. EPS is up 40% from 2019 levels, reflecting our consistent ability to deliver year-over-year earnings growth, despite concurrent and compounding challenges. Both our Materials Group and Solutions Group delivered solid top and bottom line results last year, while driving further acceleration in the pace of Intelligent Labels adoption.  As you can see, we have changed our operating segments. We combined LGM and IHM to create the Materials group. Over the past few years, we've been leveraging more and more of the operational capabilities and technologies across LGM and IHM to enhance our ability to win in each business's respective marketplace. The combination of these two businesses is the next evolutionary step of this strategy.  As for RBIS, we renamed the segment the Solutions Group to better reflect the increasingly broader reach and ambitions of our solutions beyond Retail. Deon will provide color on segment performance in a moment. Both businesses delivered impressive results in 2022, especially considering the significant macro headwinds we faced, including sizable currency movements, pandemic-driven demand challenges in China, the Russian war in Ukraine and, of course, significant inflation and supply chain disruptions.  In addition to the unique challenges that the inflation and supply chain disruptions presented, this also caused an increase in demand volatility throughout the year. The high inventory levels downstream from us, which we called out at the start of the year, were built further midyear. Then as supply chain constraints began to ease and raw material inflation showed signs of moderating, inventories were reduced swiftly beginning in November. This trend continued into December and January.  Now while we anticipated the inventory buildup downstream from us to unwind at some point, the pace and magnitude of reductions was faster and greater than we expected and then we have seen in past corrections. Overall, while this put significant pressure on our financial results in Q4 and now in Q1 of this year, we see the reduction of excess inventory is a good thing as it positions our industries and business to return to a more normalized growth trajectory beginning in Q2.  That said, such a sudden decline in volume is indicative of patterns of previous macro slowdowns. We have been activating countermeasures accordingly. We have initiated temporary cost reduction actions, ramping up restructuring initiatives and paring back capital investments in our base business -- base businesses while protecting investments in our high-growth initiatives, particularly Intelligent Labels, both organically and through M&A.  Despite a challenging macro environment, we are targeting mid- to single-digit EPS growth in 2023, reflecting a soft Q1 driven by inventory corrections, followed by a second half run rate for EPS of more than $10. Our strong track record over the long term reflects the strength of our markets, our industry-leading positions, the strategic foundations we've laid and our agile and talented team.  Our playbook is working extremely well as we continue to focus on five overarching strategic pillars: to drive outsized growth in high-value categories; grow profitably in our base businesses; focused relentlessly on productivity; effectively allocate capital; and lead in an environmentally and socially responsible manner. As you know, a key element of our strategy to drive outsized growth in high-value categories has been our focus on Intelligent Labels, which we expect to be a $1 billion platform this year.  We continue to invest in this platform as we expect it to grow more than 20% annually in the coming years. This is a tremendous example of our strategy at work. We've refined our strategies over time, raising the bar for ourselves in the process to ensure we continue to deliver superior value creation for all of our stakeholders. We have a clear set of objectives and strategies focused on their mutual success. We're making great progress towards our 2030 sustainability goals and are on track to deliver our 2025 financial objectives, which Greg will walk through momentarily.  The ability of our teams to drive these strategies forward over the long haul and deliver these impressive results, including once again achieving double-digit EPS growth last year, is remarkable. So, I once again thank our entire team for their tireless efforts to keep one and other safe while delivering for all of our stakeholders. Over to you, Deon.
Deon Stander: Thanks, Mitch, and hello, everyone. As Mitch said, we delivered impressive results in 2022 in the face of an extremely challenging environment. I'll now provide more color on our segment performance. Materials Group delivered 11% organic growth for the year, driven by higher pricing and a low single-digit volume decline, excluding the impact of exiting Russia. Operating profit for the segment was strong, up mid-single digits ex currency as unprecedented levels of inflation were met with significant pricing actions to continue delivering strong returns in this already high EVA business.  Over the long term, Label materials volumes continue to grow at GDP plus, up 3% annually in 2022 compared to 2019. In the fourth quarter, Materials Group sales were up 2% ex currency and on an organic basis, driven by a mid-teens impact from higher prices, largely offset by a low double-digit volume decline. Following a period of material constraints earlier in the year, downstream inventories that began the year elevated were built up even further midyear. And the supply chain disruption eased and inflation abated, customers rapidly destocked as they began to optimize inventory levels in the fourth quarter.  On an organic basis for the quarter, Label materials were up low single digits, graphics and Reflective sales were up low single digits and Performance Tapes and Medical sales were up low double digits. Looking at Label materials organic volume growth in the quarter by region, combined North America and Western Europe were down mid-teens. Overall emerging markets were down mid-single digits, with China volumes down low single digits, and the exit of Russia lowered total Label materials growth by roughly three points.  Given the soft environment over the past few months and the expectation for moderating economic growth, we have been activating our cost-saving initiatives, both temporary and structural. We are focused on optimizing our cost structure and protecting the bottom line in this lower volume period while continuing to manage strong pricing discipline.  Given all these factors, we expect Q1 to look similar to Q4, anticipating roughly one to two weeks of inventory to be further reduced across the industry with destocking concluding in the earlier part of the year. Following the inventory correction, given the durability of our diverse and growing end markets, along with our market-leading position, we expect to rebound to GDP plus growth from Q2 onwards.  Stepping back, the combination of LGM and IHM not only enables us to fully leverage the capabilities of the whole business but strengthens our ability to win in the broader functional materials market, while also continuing to deliver EVA growth. Turning to the Solutions Group. Organic growth sales were up 5% for the year, driven by strong growth in high-value solutions and posted record margins, despite the impact of retailer destocking.  In the fourth quarter, Solutions Group sales were down 7% ex currency and 8% on an organic basis. The base business was down high teens organically, partially offset by mid-single-digit organic growth in the high-value categories. Apparel inventory reductions were broad-based across all channels in the fourth quarter, and destocking continued in January. In this segment, we expect destocking to continue through Q1 and into Q2 as retailers factor high inventories, muted holiday performance and lower sentiment into their near-term sourcing plans.  Similar to the Materials segment, we are activating cost-saving initiatives, both temporary and structural. We expect our apparel business to return to historic GDP growth in the second half of the year and for the Solutions segment to additionally benefit from the significant growth increasing through the year in our Intelligent Labels platform.  Turning to Intelligent Labels; enterprise-wide sales were up mid-teens on an organic basis in 2022. Momentum in this roughly $800 million platform continues to accelerate. This business has more than tripled in size over the last five years, averaging 20% annual growth on an organic basis. The strong growth over this time horizon has primarily been driven by apparel as we continue to drive further adoption of the technology, extend use cases and expand programs with major customers in this key end market.  And while we continue to expect apparel to be the largest volume in the coming years, we see even greater opportunity over the long run in other key untapped markets. In logistics, which is expanding from targeted applications such as special package handling, to broad-based use cases such as improving miss loads and routing accuracy.  In food, where we are seeing promising pilots in QSR and grocery, in use cases covering freshness and labor efficiency and in general retail, where the technology is being expanded beyond apparel. The benefits of our Intelligent Label technology and Solutions are clear. The increased supply chain and inventory visibility, lower cost and improved speed of operations, reduce waste and ultimately enhance the experience of end consumers.  As a leader in ultrahigh frequency RFID, we are extremely well positioned to not only capture these new opportunities but lead at the intersection of the physical and digital. To that end, we are continuing to invest in developing new applications and markets; adding new technologies, both physical and digital; increasing our manufacturing capacity, including investing more than $100 million in a new facility in Mexico for growth in the back half of 2024 and beyond; and expanding our team, the best, most experienced in the space.  Our strategies here continue to pay off. We remain confident this will be a $1 billion platform in 2023 and are targeting more than 20% growth in the coming years. Lastly, we continue to deploy capital in other high-value solutions. Signing an agreement in January to acquire Thermopatch, a business specializing in external embellishments with roughly $40 million in annual revenue.  In summary, we delivered impressive results in 2022 in the face of an extremely challenging environment. Inventory destocking is impacting our results near term, and we are making adjustments accordingly. I remain extremely confident in the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business over the long run. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Greg.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, Deon. Hello, everybody. I'll first provide some additional color on our results and our performance against our long-term targets and then walk you through our 2023 outlook. In the fourth quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $1.65, down 14% ex currency compared to prior year, driven by a low double-digit volume decline due primarily to inventory destocking. For the full year, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $9.15, up 11% ex currency, with organic sales growth of 10% as pricing offset a low single-digit volume decline. Our full year adjusted earnings per share was in line with the midpoint of our original guidance from the beginning of the year, adjusted for currency translation. For the year, we generated $667 million of free cash flow, and we invested $300 million on fixed capital and IT projects as we continue to accelerate investments in Intelligent Labels. Free cash flow conversion in 2022 was lower than we targeted, including higher-than-anticipated working capital driven largely by inventory. The high inventory levels include some strategic inventory builds in areas such as RFID chips. In addition, we still have some inventory we are working to optimize given all the supply chain disruptions throughout the year. We're clearly focused on this and expect to make strong progress as the year progresses.  Despite this challenge, our average free cash flow conversion over the past three years has been roughly 100% of GAAP net income, and we expect this to continue in 2023. Our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio at year-end of 2.2x. Our current leverage position gives us ample capacity to continue investing organically as well as through strategic acquisitions while continuing to return cash to shareholders in a disciplined way.  During the year, we returned $618 million to shareholders through the combination of share repurchases and a growing dividend as well as deployed $40 million for M&A. Turning to our long-term targets. Slide 9 of our supplemental presentation materials provides an update on our progress against the long-term financial targets that we communicated in 2021. Recall, this represents our fourth set of long-term goals after meeting or beating our previous three sets. The consistent execution of our key strategies enables us to continue delivering against our targets with an overriding focus on delivering GDP-plus growth and top quartile return on capital over the long term. Through the first two years of the cycle, sales growth on a constant currency basis was 16% annually, well above our target and GDP, driven by strong volume growth, higher pricing and M&A.  Adjusted EBITDA dollars have grown 28% compared to 2020, with adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.1% in 2022. As always, our focus will continue to be the optimal balance of growth, margins and capital efficiency to drive incremental EVA over the long term. We remain confident in achieving our 2025 margin target of 16% plus as part of that EVA equation. Adjusted earnings per share grew 13.5% annually over the past two years, surpassing our target of 10%. And our return on capital was 17.4% in 2022 and in the top quartile relative to our capital market peers.  Given the diversity of our end markets, our strong competitive advantages and resilience as an organization to adjust course when needed, we're confident in our ability to continue delivering against these targets through a wide range of business cycles. Now shifting to our outlook for 2023; as Mitch and Deon commented on, we are starting out the year in a challenging volume environment as we continue to see destocking in the first quarter in both the Label materials and Apparel businesses.  We have been activating countermeasures and are confident in our ability to grow earnings for the year through a variety of environments. As we look at how we expect that to play out across the year, given the continued destocking, we expect the first quarter to be comparable to Q4 of 2022, which was $1.65 in adjusted earnings per share. Following Q1, we expect to see a strong rebound beginning in Q2 and moving through the back half of the year, with a second half earnings run rate of more than $10 annualized.  In the second half, we expect downstream inventories will normalized, China to be rebounding and our growth in Intelligent Labels will build as we move through the year as the new programs roll out in areas such as logistics. For these reasons, we expect significant earnings growth in the back half and also see a very strong trajectory as we exit 2023. For 2023 overall, we anticipate adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $9.15 to $9.55.  To highlight the key drivers of the high end of our 2023 EPS guidance compared to prior year, we anticipate roughly 5% organic sales growth, with the majority from higher prices. We estimate restructuring savings net of transition costs of roughly $0.40 and another roughly $0.30 from temporary cost reduction actions. And we expect strategic growth investments of roughly $0.25, and we estimate net nonoperational items, headwinds from interest, currency and tax and a benefit from share count to be roughly $0.25 net headwind.  In summary, through this dynamic environment, we're pleased with the strategic and financial progress we made against our long-term goals in 2022. Despite the near-term challenges, we remain confident in our ability to continue to deliver exceptional value through our strategies for long-term profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation. Now we'll open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Co.
Ghansham Panjabi: Can you just give us yes -- can you just sort of elaborate on your view that the near term is largely inventory destocking versus something more broader in terms of recession? I mean you yourself are enacting a recession scenario plan. How do you -- what gives you confidence that this is purely more or less inventory destocking versus something more broader than that?
Deon Stander: Ghansham, this is Deon. When you look at the volume that we saw come out in Q4, largely because the inventory destocking, we see that trend also continue in January that we saw in both November and December. And we expect in our Materials business for that destocking to be completed largely by the first quarter. On the Apparel business, as I called out, we both see inventory destocking happening as we ran through the back half of last year and will continue in Q1 and into Q2 as well.  While we don't have as much forward visibility and also because of the Lunar Year, it's clear that retailers are also factoring in sentiment into their forward volume ordering plans as well. But we anticipate that by the second half of the year that Apparel business will return to its historic GDP growth rates. And then when you factor in our additional growth that we're going to get from our IO platform, the rebounding of China, we expect to be able to deliver above GDP growth rates in the second half of the year.
Mitch Butier: And Ghansham, just to build on that. It's also what we're hearing from the marketplace, our customers are talking about the fact that they had built inventory throughout the year leading up to Q4 as well as the end customers, CPG firms and so forth and the same thing on the Apparel side. So it's market Intel. It's comparing -- we have pretty clear links between our product consumption and demand relative to consumption of nondurable consumer goods, for example, and they definitely have disconnected to the negative.  They were a bit positive early in 2022, even the end of '21, which is why we called out that we thought there was some excess inventory in the system at the time, and that continued throughout the year. And then it's unwinding just at a much quicker pace than we traditionally see. So there's a number of vectors we're looking at triangulate it gives us a lot of confidence. This is a majority of inventory correction.  That said, we do expect and consumption to moderate a bit. You're already seeing it in Apparel with a weak holiday season. And as far as you're looking at the GDP outlooks for at least Europe and North America, they're modest to a slight recession.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Adam Josephson: Mitch, just one last one along similar lines to Ghansham's question, which is, if you're anticipating conditions to get more or less back to normal in the second half, why they need to activate this recession scenario, if it's just a 2-quarter blip? And what exactly does that entail for you because if the economy gets back to normal in second half, will you still need to do that recession activation, if you will?
Mitch Butier: Yes. Well, I mean, as far as the recession activation, there's a couple of things. The structural cost reductions are not the recession activation, if you will, at the long -- part of our long-term strategy, as you know, to focus on productivity. It's a way we free up capital to invest more in the high-value categories, keep our base businesses competitive and profitably growing as well as to expand margins over time.  So I wouldn't look at the restructuring of that side. And as far as the temporary cost actions, part of those are when your volume environment is lower, you're having some dark days within plants to drive the way you balance your load, if you will, can drive some savings, and that's something that we're very focused on as well as belt tightening. And everybody should tighten belts in this type of environment, and that's just part of how we operate.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos with BofA Securities.
George Staphos: Thanks for the details. I wanted to touch particularly on Intelligent Labels just given some inbound that we've gotten over the last couple of days. Can you talk at all to how much chip shortages may have constrained your growth, recognizing that Intelligent Labels is still growing very, very nicely? What could the incremental volume have looked like?  Had there not been shortages, what impact did it have on your margins? Could margins have been pick a range 100 points, 200 basis points, whatever better, how would you have us think about that? And last part of the question, and I'll turn it over. Can you talk at all to how much -- how important some logistics rollouts are in terms of your guidance for this year? Could they be incremental?
Deon Stander: Thanks, George. We don't believe that in 2022, our volumes were impacted by any part of chip shortages because, as the market leader, we had secured enough chip supply to ensure that we could deliver to all of our customers' expectations. Clearly, from a margin perspective, we maintained margins. There was some degree of chip inflation, and we've dealt with that through productivity, as we always do.  And as we look forward, the logistics is certainly going to be a big part of the second half of our growth during 2023. But I will emphasize that Apparel will still be the largest part of our business and will be growing during 2023 as well, George.
Operator: Our next question comes from John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: When you look at the severity of the destocking, particularly in the LGM segment, I mean, we've seen some data out there that kind of shows year-over-year 20%, 25% decline. I mean, certainly worse than we even saw in the financial crisis. I guess, can you explain how that's happening or why that's necessarily happening? And are we putting ourselves in a position now, given that it's so much worse than GDP in terms of the production levels, that there may actually be a restock where maybe people have cut even too deeply, just trying to focus on cash generation or what have you? I guess, can you help us to understand that a little bit?. 
Mitch Butier: Yes, John. So why -- first part of your question, I think it's a little bit of why a deeper decline that we've seen in past corrections, which you do have to go all the way back to the financial crisis to see that. The reason is basically because of the supply chain disruptions, people wanted to make sure they secured enough of the inventory for their own end demand and so there was much more safety stock in the system, one, two. Timing of significant inflation, we were raising prices significantly and people wanted to get in the queue and basically order and build inventory early to avoid the next round of price increases given we were actually in a stage of basically raising prices every couple of months or so in each region. So that's what drove the increase.  And then both of those factors basically started to stabilize at the same time. And so people no longer needed the excess inventory, and they were starting to build it down. So that's the biggest reason for why you're seeing a shift here overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Bryan Burgmeier: This is actually Bryan Burgmeier sitting in for Anthony. With some inflation buckets moving lower throughout 4Q, what do you assume for price cost in the Materials group this year? Do you think Avery would be able to potentially capture a benefit from lower raws? Or would that be passed along in full to customers? And separately, just apologies if I missed this. Did you provide a growth target for Label this year? Is it fair to assume that it could fall a little bit short of that 20%, just given the headwinds in apparel?
Greg Lovins: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. So on the inflation question, I think sequentially from Q3 to Q4, overall net price inflation was a relatively immaterial impact. We had a little bit of sequential price Q3 to Q4 from some of the actions we've been taking as we move through the back half and a little bit of sequential inflation. I think I talked about last quarter, we expected a little bit of sequential impact from paper. At the same time, we had some sequential benefit from the films and chemicals, a bit of deflation there.  So, as you look into 2023, sequentially, we don't see a lot of change there. Still a little bit of pressure on specialty papers, just given capacity and what's happening in the marketplace there from a specialty paper perspective and maybe a little bit of sequential benefit in films and chemicals just like we had in Q4. When we look at overall price inflation, we have a carryover benefit of price, carryover impact of raw material inflation. We also have a bit at or above historical levels of wage inflation.  We've got some utility inflation where we had a little bit of a benefit last year from prices we had locked in for part of last year as well. So we look across that whole basket of raw materials, wage inflation, utility inflation. We expect roughly neutral impact year-over-year from that perspective, all those things included.
Deon Stander: And Bryan, on your IL question, we will be growing more than 20% this year. Recall that we've said, we are very confident in this being a $1 billion platform in 2023, and we see growth in Apparel, and we see significant growth in our logistics platform during this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Roxland with Truist Securities.
Mike Roxland: First question, just I know you mentioned, Deon, just now in response to the last question about more than 20% growth in IL. But with respect to IL adoption, as global economy soften, companies are increasingly laying off employees, could that be a headwind as companies look to spend? Or alternately, really be a benefit as they look to increase efficiency and productivity and the like?  And then my second question is just in terms of China, with Chinese government using a strict Zero COVID policies, obviously, that's been last year. I think, in April, it was a $10 million headwind. Could that actually serve as a pretty big tailwind to you as things normalize in China?
Deon Stander: Yes, Mike. In answer to your first question, it was the latter. We see during times when things are more difficult for brands, retailers and customers that they look to improve their automation efficiency. And this technology that we have really plays into the heart. It reduces cost, labor -- improves labor efficiency, provides visibility throughout the supply chain. So we see that as an accelerant and not a barrier to adoption of our Intelligent Labels platform.  As it relates to China, clearly, we saw in 2022, the impact of the COVID policy playing out in the country. And what we saw, as I said in the fourth quarter was that China was down low single digits. That trajectory started to change. We believe that post the COVID change, we see China returning to its normal or slightly above GDP growth said. And we see that as part of our ongoing second half growth that both Mitch and Greg have called out as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jefferies Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: For the nine months, your Intelligent Labels were up 20% year-to-date, and they're up 15% for the year. So that means in the fourth quarter, they grew 0. And you're expecting the first quarter to be like the fourth quarter. So can you talk about what happened in growth in Intelligent Labels in the quarter? Is it likely to be similar in the first quarter? 
Deon Stander: So Jeffrey, from an IL perspective, yes, we grew 15% last year. And in the fourth quarter, we grew -- sorry, mid-single digits in the fourth quarter, reflecting the impact of destocking, particularly in Apparel. And as I said, we anticipate the destocking to continue in Q1. But as we ramp through the year and that business returns to its historic GDP growth, we see a number of factors come into play that helps us get to and we have conviction around our $1 billion platform.  Firstly, the Apparel business will be in growth during next year as both the business rebounds and further adoption in retailers as well as further use case extension such as loss prevention come to bear in new programs. Secondly, as I already called out, we're going to see a significant ramp in our logistics program as we go through the second to the back half of the year, and that will add to that. And finally, we continue to see good traction in a number of our food pilots that are also adopting with an increased frequency as well.
Greg Lovins: Yes, Jeff, on the raw material side, we're up for the year in 2022, a little more than 20%. And in Q4, that would be kind of mid- to high teens rate versus prior year. So overall, for the full year, over 20%. And last year, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we still had a net headwind between price inflation than is adjusted as we look Q4 versus prior year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Spector with UBS Securities.
Josh Spector: Just a couple of follow-ups, if I could. With depth the destocking that you're seeing in the base labels, has there been any change in pricing in terms of competitive dynamics in that market? And then on the RFID side, you talked about chip availability last year. Do you have availability or secured your needs for what you expect to happen in later this year? And are chips inflationary or deflationary for your cost stack over the next 12 months?
Deon Stander: Josh, let me address your second question first. We have secured all the chips that we need for this year and into next as well -- sorry, for 2023 and into 2024. And the market has been slightly inflationary, and we're adjusting, as I said, based on both productivity and pricing as we move forward. In terms of destocking, just repeat your question for me, Josh.
Josh Spector: Question on is destocking was having any impact on competitive pricing dynamics within the base label business?
Deon Stander: We don't see that at the moment, Josh. Historically, as the market leader, we maintained fairly strong pricing discipline. And we will respond if there is pricing changes in the market. But typically, we tend to make sure our discipline hold is strong. And if you also remember during the inflationary period, Josh, we tend to use surcharges the first start in how we manage pricing. And as deflation starts to occur and if it does occur, those are the things that first start to roll off.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos with BofA Securities.
George Staphos: I'll try to get them all in here and turn it over for the rest of the call. So first of all could you talk at all to what your customers say their inventories grew to relative to normal at the peak of the inventory build, where customers in your key categories saying their inventories were double what they normally have triple, half -- well, obviously not half, but somewhere in that range between what would you say there?  Secondly, as we think about logistics and project out, your market share and the market growth you've talked about in the past, could logistics alone be $1 billion plus in revenue by 2030? And then last, Deon, any comments on how Vestcom is doing and how that's adding or not relative to your expectations?
Mitch Butier: Thanks, George. Yes, so I'll start off. So as far as what our customers are saying around inventory levels, a couple of things. One, as you know, we have many customers, particularly on the material side. And so there's a lot of anecdotes, but we were hearing definitely a range of two to four weeks of excess inventory. So there was quite a bit of build overall. And on the Apparel side, the end customers not -- I mean, you've heard -- you can read all the headlines of what they're talking through, but they definitely have quite a bit of extra inventory and even entire containers full that they were -- said they're just waiting for the next season to unload at the next season.  So quite a bit of inventory, which is that's what our customers are telling us and what we're all seeing in the headlines, and I think what we all know on the Apparel side. If you look at the actual hard data of inventory levels within Apparel, it's actually dropped down a bit from where it was pre-pandemic. So a little bit of a disconnect between what the data says and what we're hearing anecdotally, but we definitely ourselves know that there's excess inventory there.  As far as logistics, I think your question is with the growth and the opportunity we see, how big can logistics be specifically can it be $1 billion by 2030. Deon, do you want to take that one as well as a follow-up?
Deon Stander: Yes, George, you can see the scale of what we believe this initial phase of logistics adoption will do for us in our results overall and our drive to get to $1 billion business during this year commitment to that. And as you know as well, Logistics segment is highly concentrated. My sense and belief is that as the technology continues to resonate with one or two customers, I think it will become a de facto mechanism for operating as a logistics provider around the world and if that should happen, then I believe that this should be a $1 billion-plus business by 2023. As it relates to...
George Staphos: 2030.
Deon Stander: 2030 -- sorry, 2030. As it relates to Vestcom, George, the business continues to perform very well. The team have added enormously to our capability and providing great access to the grocery and retail market. And in addition, it's also a fairly consistent, stable business and ensure that portfolio of our solutions businesses becomes more robust through cycles as well.
Mitch Butier: Yes, the position -- performance and outlook are ahead of our acquisition case.
Operator: Mr. Butier, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn it back to you for any closing remarks.
Mitch Butier: All right. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us today. As you've heard throughout the call, we remain confident that the consistent execution of our strategies will enable us to continue to meet our long-term goals for superior value creation for all of our stakeholders. Thank you all.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Thank you.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter Ended on October 1, 2022. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time today through midnight Eastern Time, October 29. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or +1 402-977-9140 FOR international callers. The conference ID number is 21997967.  I'd now like to turn the call over to John Eble, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
John Eble: Thank you, Scott. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled from GAAP on Schedules A4 to A10 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release.  As always, on the call today are Mitch Butier, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us for Q&A today is Deon Stander, President and Chief Operating Officer.  I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier : Thanks, John, and good day, everyone. We delivered another strong quarter with revenue up 19% and EPS of $2.46 and up 26% ex currency and in line with expectations. We had strong performance across the company. LGM and RBIS, both delivered impressive top and bottom line growth. Our strong results come amidst a dynamic environment. Inflation continues, we're raising prices accordingly, and now we see signs of softening demand. The higher inventory levels downstream from us that we called out at the start of the year have begun to finally reduce. Despite these challenges, and an incremental $0.10 currency headwind, we remain on track to deliver EPS growth of 10% for the year, 18% ex currency. Our ability to consistently deliver impressive financial results rests both on the team's depth ability to execute amidst compounding crises and the strategic foundations we have laid. As you know, a key element of our strategy has been our focus on accelerating the adoption of Intelligent Labels. Enterprise-wide Intelligent Labels revenue was up 20%. And as you heard us mention a quarter ago, momentum in this business is accelerating. We are now targeting more than 20% growth annually in the coming years, with promising developments in logistics, which is expanding from targeted applications such as special package handling to broad-based use cases in food, where we are seeing promising pilots in grocery and QSR, and in general retail, where the technology is being expanded beyond apparel. The benefits of our Intelligent Labels technologies and solutions are clear. The increased supply chain and inventory visibility, lower cost and improved speed of operations reduce waste and ultimately enhance the experience of end consumers. We believe the current macro environment will serve to further heighten the value of our tech and solutions here. As the global leader in RFID, we have and will continue to strategically invest to not only capture Intelligent Label opportunities, but create them. Our strategies continue to pay off. Now a quick update on the quarter by business. Label and Graphic Materials posted strong top line growth driven by higher pricing and low single-digit volume growth. The supply chain constraints we discussed last quarter eased in Europe, enabling us to normalize lead times, whereas, in North America, material availability challenges remained, particularly in paper. Overall, volumes remained strong across LGM, up 4% annually versus 2019. LGM's profitability remained strong in the quarter, with double-digit operating income growth. Retail Branding and Information Solutions delivered another quarter of strong margins and revenue growth. Robust growth in high-value categories, Intelligent Labels, external embellishments and Vestcom was partially offset by a low single-digit decline in the base apparel business. Following several strong quarters, apparel volumes moderated as some brands and retailers brought down inventories that were built up previously. While our outlook assumes further reductions will take place in the near term, we are well positioned to continue to drive profitable growth in the base.  As for Industrial and Healthcare Materials, the segment delivered strong sales growth in the quarter and improved margins compared to prior year and sequentially as we continue to implement pricing actions to cover inflation. Across the company, I'm pleased with the continued progress we are making towards the success of all our stakeholders. Our consistent performance reflects the strength of our markets, our industry-leading positions, the strategic foundations we've laid and our agile and talented team. We remain confident that the strategies we formulated will continue to enable us to generate superior value creation through a balance of GDP plus growth and top quartile returns over the long run.  And, once again, I want to thank our entire team for continuing to raise their game to address the unique challenges at hand and deliver value for all of our stakeholders. Over to you, Greg.
Greg Lovins : Thanks, and hello, everybody. As Mitch said, we delivered another strong quarter, with adjusted earnings per share of $2.46, up 15% over prior year and up 26% excluding currency translation. Sales were up 19% ex currency and 16% on an organic basis, driven by higher prices. Adjusted EBITDA was up 13% and 22% excluding the impact of currency. Despite the impact of inflation, we delivered a strong adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.6%, up 20 basis points compared to prior year. Turning to cash generation and allocation. Year-to-date, we've generated nearly $425 million of free cash flow, with $140 million in the third quarter, down compared to prior year due to currency, higher working capital, which we deem largely as temporary, and increased capital spending. The higher level of capital spending is in line with our expectations as we continue to invest to support our long-term growth strategy, particularly in Intelligent Labels. Our balance sheet remains strong, with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio at quarter end of 2.1. We have ample capacity to continue executing our disciplined capital allocation strategy to invest in organic growth and acquisitions, while continuing to return cash to shareholders. In the first nine months of the year, we returned $497 million to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends, up from $290 million for the same period last year. Now turning to segment results. Label and Graphic Materials sales were up 20% on an organic basis, driven almost entirely by higher prices. Label and Packaging Materials sales were up more than 20% on an organic basis, with strong growth in both the high-value product categories and the base business. Graphics and Reflective sales were up mid- to high single digits on an organic basis. Looking at the segment's organic sales growth in the quarter by region, North America sales were up mid-teens due to pricing, on lower volume as the region continued to be hampered by material availability constraints, as Mitch mentioned earlier. Western Europe sales were up approximately 40%, driven by strong volume growth and a significant impact from pricing as this region has seen the highest amount of inflation across this cycle. Emerging markets overall were up high teens. The Asia Pacific region was up mid to high single digits, with approximately 40% growth in India, while China and ASEAN were roughly flat. And Latin America grew more than 25%. LGM's profitability remained strong in the quarter, with adjusted EBITDA dollars up 10% and up 19% ex currency, and adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.6%. Pricing actions continue to be implemented to offset inflation, and we anticipate inflation will be more than 20% for the year, with a low to mid-single-digit increase expected sequentially in Q4, primarily driven by paper and energy. We continue to address the cost increases through a combination of product reengineering and pricing actions. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions. RBIS sales were up 22% ex currency and 7% on an organic basis, as growth was strong in the high-value categories, with continued strength in Intelligent Labels and external embellishments, while the base business was down slightly, driven by a decline in the value channel. Profitability remained strong for this segment, with adjusted EBITDA dollars up 19% and up 27% ex currency, and adjusted EBITDA margin of 18.9%. The positive benefit from higher organic volume and acquisitions more than offset growth investments and higher employee-related costs. Turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment. Sales increased 5% on an organic basis, driven by higher prices. Healthcare sales were up mid-teens and industrial categories were up mid to high single digits, partially offset by a mid-teens decline in retail. Adjusted EBITDA dollars were up 4% and 8% ex currency, and adjusted EBITDA margin of 14.3% was up 90 basis points compared to prior year and up 60 basis points sequentially. Now shifting to our outlook for the year. We have narrowed our guidance for adjusted earnings per share to be between $9.70 and $9.85. At the midpoint, our guidance reflects a roughly $0.10 incremental headwind from currency and an operational outlook similar to last quarter. As Mitch mentioned, this outlook reflects 10% earnings per share growth versus prior year and 18% growth excluding currency translation. We now anticipate roughly 16% ex-currency sales growth for the full year, 0.5 point below our previous expectation due to a slightly lower volume outlook. As I mentioned, the anticipated impact from currency translation has increased and is now a roughly $77 million headwind for the full year based on current rates. Given the dollar has continued to strengthen throughout the year, assuming rates remain where they currently are, we'll have an additional headwind of roughly $0.50 in 2023. We continue to anticipate investing up to $350 million on fixed capital and IT projects and roughly $35 million in operating expense, adding capabilities and new capacity particularly in key strategic platforms such as Intelligent Labels, which is poised to grow more than 20% annually in the coming years. Lastly, we now anticipate a roughly $0.05 GAAP to non-GAAP difference for the year, down $0.05 from our outlook last quarter, reflecting a benefit from a gain on one of our strategic venture investments. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter in a challenging environment. We remain confident that the consistent execution of our strategies will enable us to meet our long-term goals for superior value creation through a balance of profitable growth and capital discipline. We'll now open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Company.
Ghansham Panjabi : I guess, for my question, Mitch, you touched on the supply chain inventory adjustments, downstream rippling through the -- all the way up to you guys. That seems to be pretty pervasive just based on other earnings reports from different companies and so on and so forth. Where do you think you are in that phase? And is it more specific in any particular region? And is there a chance of a more severe destocking in RBIS given some of the excess inventory that a lot of the footwear customers have called out in recent weeks and months?
Mitch Butier: Yes. Thanks, Ghansham. So very high level. We don't know exactly where we are in that. There's not a lot of great data about where inventory levels are outside of the large retailers in the apparel sector. So when we entered the year, we said that we thought that we had an elevated level of inventories downstream from us. It seems like it's starting to clear out. If you look within RBIS and apparel, the value channel, so the large discounters seem to be ahead of others as far as reducing that, and that's been impacting us in Q2 and Q3. And then as we look at the other large retailers in athletic -- performance athletic companies and so forth, I think they're still in the midst of that right now. So our guidance assumes that, that continues going into Q4. As for LPM where it is, we think that Europe has had a very strong Q3 and -- as the supply chains eased up there. So we expect our guidance has some softening of that here in Q4. And for North America, though, given the supply chain constraints, there's some inventory in the system, but it doesn't seem as much as maybe you would otherwise think.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets.
Anthony Pettinari: Just following up on Ghansham's question. Can you talk about maybe the level of organic volume growth that you're expecting for LGM or what level could be embedded in the view for and maybe some of the regional differences? I think earlier in the year, there was an expectation for volume growth to kind of accelerate in the second half. I'm just wondering how the cadence from 3Q to 4Q is sort of shaping up?
Deon Stander: Hi, Anthony, this is Deon. Overall, our sales grew 20% on an organic basis in the quarter with volumes growing in the low single digits. And just as a reminder that since pre-pandemic times, LGM has actually grown at a 4% CAGR, which is well ahead of GDP. Specifically in each region, Europe saw a very strong volume growth, low double-digit growth as we work through the backlogs where supply chain constraints, particularly in paper, started to ease. And in Western Europe, as Greg indicated earlier on, we saw high-teen volume growth. In North America, continued paper availability challenges drove mid-single volume declines on top of a very tough comps. And we expect the availability challenges to moderate in Q4 and this to improve. In Asia Pacific, our volumes grew low single digits, reflecting the COVID challenge in China as well as strong volume in India. And as a reminder, we recently opened our new greenfield site in Noida, India, that adds capacity to support this future market growth. As Mitch has already indicated, as we're starting to see order patterns slightly soften as we go through October, and we anticipate that as inventory corrections adjust, this will continue.
Operator: Our next question is from John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty : So had a nice kudo, I guess, yesterday with UPS highlighting how important efficiency in RFID was in helping them to hit their numbers, so good on that. I guess as a follow-up maybe, I'd be curious, you mentioned early on logistics is kind of moving to the next level for you guys. Can you help us to understand what's kind of in the pilot phase process, and how close we may be to seeing other larger players kind of reach that tipping point where it goes on to a full-fledged launch as opposed to just pilots?
Deon Stander : John, this is Deon, again. You're right. We originally said that what we're seeing in logistics in the early pilot stages was very much around how they would manage special packaging, as an example, hazardous materials. What we're now seeing is an increased focus on routing optimization and the efficiency that, that will bring. And we expect that, that will continue to scale from pilot to adoption. And as more of the logistics players get involved as they see the benefits that these two, both individual identification, package identification management as well as routing optimization come to bear in the market.
Mitch Butier: Yes. And just to build, as far as other large players and so forth that might be doing things, we're not going to comment on given how concentrated in the industry is, where things are overall. We see this as a significant opportunity long term. We actually want to make sure there's a good cadence of how this gets deployed across the industry. So this is a huge -- significant opportunity in logistics as well as the other categories. We've talked about of food and general retail and apparel still driving significant growth from a very high base.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities.
Jeffrey Zekauskas : Thanks very much. You talked about raw materials being sequentially higher. Propylene and propylene derivatives are really coming down meaningfully now. And there even is some energy abatement in Europe in terms of natural gas costs. Do you see -- but you talked about having higher inflationary costs in the fourth quarter. Is that the peak? Is it really driven by paper, and your average prices continue to go up sequentially?
Greg Lovins : Yes. Thanks, Jeff, for the question. So as I said, we saw some sequential inflation Q2 to Q3. That included a bit of slight deflation on the chemicals and film side, just as you said, petrochemical inputs starting to come down. And we expect a bit more favorability on those from Q3 to Q4. So the increases we've been seeing here in the back half are really largely paper-driven, with much of that also coming in Europe, really driven by what you've seen as -- just as you said, energy costs are up. They've started to come down for now. Depending on how you look at those projections, some expectation, depending on how the winter goes those could come back up. So they've come down recently, very recently, not sure how that will continue to play out. So our approach has been continuing to manage that through both pricing and productivity. So we did have sequential price benefit Q2 to Q3, continuing to increase prices here as we move through the back quarter as well. So we'd expect more price in Q3 to Q4. So overall, we continue to see generally inflationary pressure driven by paper, with some relief on the petrochemical side. At the same time, we do see -- even though utility costs or energy costs have come down a little bit now, still a bit of a headwind as you move into next year for suppliers as well as our own operations. Not a big impact for own operations, but bigger for our supply base as well as just continued inflationary pressures in areas like wages that are a bit higher than what we normally would have seen from an inflation perspective. So kind of a broad set of inflationary pressure still, we think, and we've continued to increase prices to manage that.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos with BofA Securities.
George Staphos : Thanks for the details. I want to come back to the question on IL and adoption. So you're obviously optimistic on the outlook. You're calling for 20% or better growth, more than 20% growth looking out into the future. How do you think that evolves or varies if we are in a bit of a downturn in next year, partly, as I would imagine some of your target customers return profiles on adoption in a trial might come down early on if there's less traffic to track through IL? How should we expect that? Do you expect to see better than 20% growth next year?
Mitch Butier: We expect better than 20% growth in various economic scenarios. The benefits, as we said, are clear, and there is a very quick payback coming from a multitude of areas around increased revenue lifts from enhanced consumer experiences through productivity because of automation and just increased speed. So we expect that in a number of scenarios. And that's a -- there's a lot of questions around where are we in the inventory cycle and so forth. We entered the year expecting that there's some excess inventory. We have scenario plans about how to manage through these various elements. We are not fazed by that. We are as confident as ever at the long-term prospects of the company, continue to invest. We've got great growth drivers such as Intelligent Labels, the addition of Vestcom, most of the company's focus within staple categories. So we're as confident as ever going to continue to lean forward here and continue to deploy our scenario plans depending on which economic environment we're in.
Deon Stander : And George, Id also -- this is Deon. I'd also add that as it relates to the various sub-segments, while apparel has had significant growth, we continue to see great growth prospects as we move forward, not least because we're going to see new customers come on board, expansion in additional categories and expansion in new use cases such as loss prevention during next year. And then if you look in food and logistics, both these segments are much, much larger than apparel overall, and we're just starting to see the adoption profile there as specifically some of the solutions they're bringing are starting to resonate. As an example, in grocery, the pilot we've run has really helped to drive significant initial results around store labor efficiency and freshness visibility across the supply chain. And we remain confident in the outlook. We continue to invest both in innovation capability and capacity. We believe this business will be a $1 billion business in 2023.
Operator: Our next question is from Josh Spector with UBS Securities.
Joshua Spector : Just curious if you could comment on the backlogs in LGM by the regions, or I guess to the extent that there is a backlog existing given the growth you saw in Europe? So just curious how the length there changed? And have you seen any change in pricing behavior from the competitors as their material availability improves as well?
Deon Stander : Josh, yes. As we anticipated, we knew that there were excess inventories in the supply chain. And as we have worked through our backlogs, we started to see supply chains more normalized, particularly in Europe, less so in North America, where the material availability challenges. And as those lead times normalize, we're starting to see softening in all demands as inventories are corrected at our customers. As it relates to your second question, we're not going to comment on competitive activity. Suffice to say, we still see strong growth and opportunity in the market as well as managing our pricing relative to our inflation that we continue to see as we move through Q4.
Operator: We have a question from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Adam Josephson : Deon, just to follow up on that. When you talk about softening order patterns in October, can you be any more specific in terms of region, segment? And then is that because converters are reducing their label stock inventories? Is it because of end market demand that's weakening? Can you give me a little better sense of what you think is the reason for those slowing order patterns?
Deon Stander : Well, Adam, as I said, I think there's two elements at play here. One is that as supply chain constraints abate, we've tended to see some of the risks disappear, and our converting customers are starting to normalize their inventories that they have, which then has an impact on some of our order patterns as we've gone through October. It's not necessarily region specific. It's more pronounced initially in Europe because this is where we've seen the biggest moderation in the supply chain volatility that we had, and we've seen more normalized order -- some normalized lead times as we've gone to market during October.
Mitch Butier: And I think it's important to look at, so we expect in October to come in where it's coming in. The supply chain challenges in North America, we, even a month ago, I knew that it would basically be end of October when that would start to ease up a little bit, allow us to be able to get the product out the door. And to be quite frank, Europe came in stronger volumes than we had anticipated in Q3. And so we think that was a little bit just pull forward from Q4 as far as the temporary inventory build on top of whatever was there. So there's been a lot of management to look at growth and so forth just because of comps around supply chain challenge over the last couple of years, timing of price increases that would cause temporary pull forwards and so forth. It's why we go back and look at what's our compound annual growth rate been since pre-pandemic levels. And that's been 4% pretty consistently throughout the year here. We're anticipating it again being 3%, 4% here in Q4. So that's really the thing to focus on and overall volumes remain strong when you look at it relative to GDP and consumption.
Greg Lovins : If I could just clarify one other point, I think at a company level, and Mitch already talked about this a little bit, but the bigger inventory drawdown is most likely on the apparel side. So Deon talked a little bit about LGM, where we're seeing more of that, of course, as we talked about already is more on the apparel piece of the business.
Operator: We have a question from Mike Roxland with Truth Securities.
Michael Roxland : Congrats on the quarter. Last quarter, your company benefit from portfolio shifts in RBIS. You called that out with high-value segments comprising about 50% or so, resulting in less exposure, obviously, because you noted to the value channel excuse me, can you talk about plans to further increase the portfolio to higher value categories and to minimize your exposure to this value channel?
Mitch Butier: Sure. Overall, that's a base premise of our overall strategy. The first pillar of our strategy is to drive outsized growth in higher-value segments, and we've talked about it over time about how the portfolio has been shifting as a company. And as you called out, specifically within the RBIS is where you've seen it play out to the greatest extent because of the growth within Intelligent Labels, a significant organic growth, as well as the acquisitions we made there as well as the acquisitions we made around Vestcom and other areas have been disproportionately weighted towards high-value segments. So that's a direct result of the execution of our strategy. And, over time, that we see that putting -- continue to lift the average growth rate of the company and improving the margin profile, which is what we've seen over the last number of years.
Operator: And we have a question from George Staphos with BofA Securities.
George Staphos : If I could, I'll put two in here real quickly. First of all, Greg, you gave us the potential headwind if we mark-to-market for foreign exchange into next year. Could you remind us on financing, what your fixed versus variable is? And if we did a mark-to-market, would there be much change in your interest outlook -- interest expense outlook for '23 relative to what we've been seeing year-to-date? And then, Dean, could you just give us a quick update on how Vestcom is doing? What are the pleasant surprises, and were there some things to work on?
Greg Lovins : Yes. Thanks, George. So as you said, currency, right now, if rates stay where they are now for next year, we'd have about a $0.50 headwind. If debt levels kind of stayed around the level they are now, we would see probably $0.05 to $0.10 headwind as well just from the increase in interest costs as we head into next year. So those are a couple of specifics looking at next year. I think year-over-year, we have a number of things like we talked about IL continue to grow, Mitch mentioned that a few minutes ago as well is a key growth driver for us, of course. So a number of ins and outs as we look at next year and the uncertainty of the macro, but specifically, $0.05 to $0.10, we would think interest headwind at current debt levels.
Deon Stander : And, George, as regards Vestcom, we've been extremely pleased with the acquisition and the Vestcom team joining the Avery Dennison family. The business continues to grow and thrive and particularly the talented team at Vestcom have, have added enormously to the broader capability that Avery Dennison have. In particular, we're seeing a lot of collaboration between our Vestcom team our Identification Solutions team, there is a strong overlap on solutions, broader solutions that benefit some of our end retail markets like food and logistics and apparel as well. And I'd also say, George, the final point, that Vestcom brings to the RBIS portfolio, a balance as well as it's less cyclical. And so make sure that their portfolio at our RBIS level becomes more resilient as we move forward as well through cycles.
Operator: We have a question from Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets.
Christopher Kapsch: And my question is focused on the LGM segment. I realize there's limited visibility into '23. But there's a scenario where you could see continued inflation in, say, paper and energy and then maybe more moderation in the petro-derived raw material costs. Just wondering what your thoughts are based on experience in prior cycles about the ability to keep pricing in excess of the raw material cost inflation as a means to improve margins in that segment? And given all the cross-currents, should we expect that mix would continue to be a positive contributor to LGM segment margins?
Greg Lovins : Yes, Chris. So a couple of things there. So of course, we've gone through a lot of things we've managed through the last couple of years. One is the unprecedented inflation, but also supply chain challenges at the same time. And I think our teams have proven the resilience and have been able to manage through a number of those challenges like that and feeling well prepared for any type of downturn that we may see next year. I think when you back up and look at LGM, from a margin percentage perspective, certainly, the margin percent has been impacted just by the magnitude of pricing we've been putting in. We said it's roughly 20% here in the third quarter versus last year, on top of pricing we were putting in last year. So just the math on the margins has led to a margin percentage impact there.  But when you look overall at LGM, I think you heard Mitch and Dean both say about a 4% compound growth rate from 2019 to this year from a volume perspective. At the same time, if you look at LGM EBITDA dollars, they're up in the 9% to 10% range, compound growth range when we look over that period. So that business has done a tremendous job really driving strong EBITDA growth over the last many years despite the impacts on margin percentage from the pricing math. And we know and we've talked about before that in LGM, we've got strong capital efficiency there, strong margins, strong growth opportunities, and that business generates significant EVA, and we expect to be able to continue delivering significant EVA into the future there.
Operator: We have a question from John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty : Just one, I guess, area of clarification around the raw materials and your outlook. So if I understood right, it sounds like petchems are starting to come down, may come down more. The paper supply chain issues seem to be improving, but you guys are actually guiding to raw materials up sequentially. Do I have all that right? Is that right? And is there something in terms of the timing of when you might see raw material relief that it lags a bit, and it drags into say, 1Q because it seems like the arrows are pointing favorably and yet your arrow is pointing negatively?
Greg Lovins : Yes. So you have those pieces right, John. I think the paper inflation is really most recently largely driven by Europe, and a lot of that's been driven by the energy cost inflation that we've seen over the last couple of quarters. We talked a few minutes ago, Jeff said that energy prices have come down a little bit over the last week or so. Not sure how that will continue or how that will play out. It may depend on how the winter goes in Europe and how that energy prices play out. So right now, we expect some sequential inflation here in Q4. How that plays out going into the beginning of next year, I think, will be determined by -- largely by how those energy prices evolve over the next few months.
Operator: And Mr. Butier, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to you for any closing remarks.
Mitch Butier : Excellent. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining the call today. We remain confident that the consistent execution of our strategies will enable us to continue to deliver superior long-term value creation for all of our stakeholders. I know there's a lot of questions about what's going on in the macro. We're as confident as ever. If you look at the performance of the company over the last number of years with compounding crises, we've been laying the foundation to continue to drive superior profitable growth, both in the near and long term. So we look forward to talking to you all again in the coming quarter.
Operator: That concludes the call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Avery Dennison's earnings conference call for the second quarter ended on July 2, 2022. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 3:00 p.m. Eastern time today through midnight Eastern time July 30. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or +1 402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is to 21997966. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to John Eble, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
John Eble: Thank you, Malika. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on Schedules A4 to A10 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the safe harbor statement included in today's earnings release.  We have 45 minutes for today's call and will conclude by 11:15 Eastern time. On the call today are Mitch Butier, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitchell Butier: Thanks, John. Good day, everyone. We delivered another record in the second quarter with EPS of $2.64, well above our expectations, and are raising our full year guidance. We now expect earnings of $9.70 to $10 per share for the year, more than 10% above last year and 50% above pre-pandemic levels in 2019.  Our ability to consistently deliver impressive financial results rests both on the team's adaptability to execute amidst compounding crises and the strategic foundations we've laid to drive outsized growth in high-value categories, grow profitably in our base businesses, focus relentlessly on productivity, effectively allocate capital and lead in an environmentally and socially responsible manner.  A key element of our strategy to drive outsized growth in high-value categories has been our focus on Intelligent Labels. We've invested heavily in this platform and the team, seeding new markets, adding new technological capabilities and expanding capacity. Our strategies continue to pay off and are now accelerating.  Looking ahead, we are increasing our growth outlook for this platform to more than 20% through the strategic horizon. This is a tremendous example of our strategies at work. We have refined our strategies over time, raising the bar for ourselves in the process to ensure we continue to deliver superior value creation for all of our stakeholders.  Now a quick update on the quarter by business. Label and Graphic Materials posted strong top line growth for the quarter driven by higher pricing. Volumes were down due to supply chain constraints, the lockdowns in China and the impact of exiting Russia that we discussed last quarter.  Raw material availability hampered our ability to meet demand. Paper in particular was tight and only began to ease at the end of the quarter, and we anticipate further improvements as we move through Q3. The team is doing a tremendous job leveraging our innovation capabilities to offset a good portion of these constraints. And as discussed last quarter, lockdowns in the Greater Shanghai area impacted our materials business' ability to produce for much of April. And while restrictions eased as anticipated, they have had an impact on output as well as end demand in China.  Overall, volumes remained strong across LGM, up 4% annually versus 2019. While this is slightly lower than our pace from a quarter ago for the reasons discussed, we anticipate a bounce back as we move into the second half. LGM's margin was strong in the quarter, expanding versus prior year and sequentially. We have further accelerated pricing actions, reducing the time lag between when we experience inflation and implement pricing. We anticipate further inflation as we move into Q3 on paper inputs and energy costs in particular and are continuing to raise prices accordingly.  Retail Branding and Information Solutions delivered another strong quarter with significant margin expansion and revenue growth. Strong revenue growth in high-value categories, Intelligent Labels, external embellishments and the Vestcom acquisition, was partially offset by a decline in the base apparel business. Following a robust Q4 and Q1, base apparel volumes were down low single digits in Q2 as some brands and retailers were bringing down inventories that were built up previously. Our outlook assumes further inventory reductions through the balance of the year. We are well positioned to continue to gain share while driving profitable growth in the base.  As I mentioned previously, Intelligent Labels momentum is accelerating. We have a stated target of 15% to 20% annual growth in this business over the strategic horizon. And as you know, we have been delivering at the high end of that target. The growth has largely been driven by apparel. And while we continue to see significant opportunity there, long term, we see even greater opportunity outside of apparel.  As the global leader in RFID, we have been strategically investing to not only capture these new opportunities but create them. And as I said earlier, we are increasing our growth outlook for this business and now anticipate more than 20% growth in the coming years. As for the bottom line, RBIS continues to deliver strong EBITDA margins, up more than 2 points compared to prior year as we continue to shift this business towards higher-value solutions. As for Industrial and Healthcare Materials, the segment delivered solid sales growth in the quarter and improved margins roughly 2 points sequentially as we accelerated pricing actions to cover inflation.  Across the company, I'm pleased with the continued progress we are making towards the success of all of our stakeholders. Our consistent performance reflects the strength of our markets, our industry-leading positions, the strategic foundations we've laid and our agile and talented team. We remain confident that the strategies we formulate will continue to enable us to generate superior value creation through a balance of GDP plus growth and top-quartile returns over the long run.  And once again, I want to thank our entire team for their tireless efforts to keep one another safe while continuing to deliver for our customers during this challenging period. The team continues to raise their game each quarter to address the unique challenges at hand.  Thank you. Over to you, Greg.
Gregory Lovins: Thanks, and hello, everybody. As Mitch said, we delivered another strong quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $2.64, up 17% over prior year, driven by significant revenue growth and strong margins. Sales were up 17% ex currency and 11% on an organic basis driven by higher prices. We delivered a strong adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.4%, up 100 basis points compared to prior year and 110 basis points sequentially despite the impact of inflation and supply chain disruptions. Earnings were more than $0.20 better than our expectations from a quarter ago despite a currency translation headwind driven by strong operational results of roughly $0.05 from onetime benefits.  Turning to cash generation and allocation. Year-to-date, we've generated $282 million of free cash flow with $209 million in the second quarter, up compared to prior year, driven by our strong net income growth. Our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio at quarter end of 2.2, modestly lower than Q1. Our consistent free cash flow generation and current leverage position give us ample capacity to continue executing our disciplined capital allocation strategy to invest in organic growth and acquisitions while continuing to return cash to shareholders. In the first half of the year, we returned $386 million to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends.  Now turning to segment results. Label and Graphic Materials sales were up 15% on an organic basis driven by higher prices which more than offset a decline in volume due to raw material constraints and tough comps. Label and Packaging Materials sales were up high teens on an organic basis with strong growth in both high-value product categories and the base business. Graphics and Reflective sales were down mid-single digits on an organic basis.  Looking at the segment organic sales growth in the quarter by region. North America sales were up high teens, and Western Europe sales were up more than 20% as demand in both regions remained strong. Emerging markets overall were up mid-single digits. The Asia Pacific region was up modestly with strong growth in India offset by a decline in China due to lockdowns in the Greater Shanghai area that constrained our operations for much of April. And Latin America grew more than 10%.  LGM's adjusted EBITDA margin increased 50 basis points to 17.1% and was up 150 basis points sequentially, largely driven by accelerated pricing actions to offset inflation and positive mix. As Mitch said, while we've reduced the time between when we experience inflation and when we implement pricing, our supply chains remain tight and our input costs continue to rise. We now anticipate inflation will be more than 20% for the year with a mid-single-digit increase expected sequentially in Q3, primarily driven by paper. We continue to address the cost increases through a combination of product reengineering and pricing actions.  Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions. RBIS sales were up 27% ex currency and 5% on an organic basis as growth was strong in the high-value categories with continued strength in Intelligent Labels and external embellishments while the base business was down low single digits. As Mitch mentioned, growth in the base moderated after a robust couple of quarters. Our performance in premium channels saw particular strength in Q2, partially offset by a decline in the value channel where inventory reductions were more highly concentrated. Adjusted EBITDA margin for the segment of 19% was up more than 2 points, where the positive benefit from higher organic volume and acquisitions more than offset growth investments and higher employee-related costs.  Turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment. Sales increased 7% on an organic basis driven largely by higher prices. Health care sales were up high teens on an organic basis, and industrial categories were up mid-single digits. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 13.7% was down compared to prior year and up 2 points sequentially driven by higher volume and accelerated pricing actions to offset inflation.  Now shifting to our outlook for 2022. We have raised our guidance for adjusted earnings per share to be between $9.70 and $10, a $0.20 increase to the midpoint of the range despite a roughly $0.25 headwind from currency translation. The increase reflects our strong performance in Q2 and the continued operational increase in the second half. As Mitch mentioned, this outlook reflects more than 10% EPS growth versus prior year, which is 19% excluding currency translation, and a 50% increase in EPS growth compared to 2019.  And we now anticipate 16% to 17% ex currency sales growth for the full year, slightly above our previous expectation, driven by higher prices to mitigate the increased pace of inflation, partially offset by a lower volume outlook in base apparel. As I mentioned, the anticipated impact from currency translation has increased. It's now a roughly $67 million headwind for the full year based on current rates. Given the dollar has continued to strengthen through the first half of the year, assuming rates remain where they currently are, we'll have an additional headwind of roughly $25 million in 2023.  Lastly, we continue to anticipate investing up to $350 million on fixed capital and IT projects and roughly $35 million in operating expense, adding capabilities and new capacity particularly in key strategic platforms such as Intelligent Labels, which is poised to grow more than 20% annually in the coming years. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter in a challenging environment. We remain confident that the consistent execution of our strategies will enable us to meet our long-term goals for superior value creation through a balance of profitable growth and capital discipline.  We will now open up the call for your questions.
Mitchell Butier: Malika?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: I guess my first question to start, broadly on the macro. If you could frame for us what your expectations -- what's in your guidance for further destocking in RBIS and base would look like over the remaining 6 months and relatedly, what your outlook is for emerging markets, particularly China as regards to LGM.
Mitchell Butier: George, yes. So as far as our outlook, specifically, as we said, the base apparel business within RBIS was down low single digits in Q2. And it's particularly one segment, specifically value -- the value channel, where we're seeing some of the inventory reduction. So we're not seeing it across the board overall, and we've provided allowance within our guidance for further destocking going on throughout the rest of the year. So that is within our guidance here overall.  And just one -- just reflect -- I know there's a lot of headwinds around what's going on in the apparel market and what the impacts are on the broader macro. The strength of the business that we have here is we continue to gain share, increase our value proposition within the base. But as you know, a key strategic pillar of ours is to, over time, shift the portfolio more to higher-value categories. So this business, RBIS, is now 50% in high-value segments, and that's a big part of our resiliency in addition to profitably growing the base.  As far as China, yes, so China, we obviously had -- we gave -- I commented earlier that, obviously, we had an impact on being able to get product out the door in Q2. And our big portion of our facilities are -- were in the Shanghai area, but we're seeing a bit of anemic demand recovering from that. So that is something that we continue to see -- what you're probably seeing in the headlines and so forth, and that's something that we continue to monitor. But we basically don't have a sudden bounce back in our guidance overall if that's your question.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Co.
Ghansham Panjabi: How should we interpret the strong growth in LGM Europe of 20% plus in context of the macroeconomic environment that is clearly taking hold in the region? Was it a function of pent-up demand given various supply chain constraints prior? And what are you seeing in the market at current? And then separately, I apologize if I missed this, but can you also give us a breakout between price and volume by segment?
Gregory Lovins: Yes. Thanks, Ghansham. This is Greg. So overall, in Europe, the majority of our growth in LGM in the quarter really across North America and Europe was pricing driven. So Europe is where we've seen the most significant amount of inflation particularly in paper as we've gone through the last couple of quarters. A lot of that's driven by the increase in energy prices that are impacting our paper producers as well. So we'll continue to see the highest level of inflation across the globe in Europe, and that's where we've had the most amount of pricing actions as well as we moved through the last year or so. So that's largely pricing driven.  As we look into really volume perspective, both North America and Europe, we talked about volumes being down particularly in paper due to the constraints we had in the second quarter. I think Mitch mentioned earlier in his comments that we started to see the paper supply flow in late Q2 and increasing into July. So we'll expect that to improve sequentially from a volume perspective, Q2 to Q3.  Overall, I think your second question was around pricing across the regions. In line with what I just said, most of our growth in Q2 was around pricing, we're continuing to accelerate the pace of our pricing actions and close the gap in terms of the timing of when we see inflation to when pricing actions take place.
Mitchell Butier: And just to build on that within RBIS specifically. So the overall growth, the vast majority of that is volume if you look at it from an organic basis. We don't usually talk price within RBIS, but we are raising prices within RBIS as well because of the inflation, particularly in Intelligent Labels just given the inflation we're seeing on integrated circuits for that business.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: So you raised the smart label long-term growth target to 20% -- or better than 20% for the foreseeable future. I guess can you speak to your pipeline and how that's evolved to give you the confidence to raise that target? And then I guess also, can you speak to maybe how we should think about the profitability of the business?  I know historically, you've kind of said, look, it's better than the corporate average and kind of left it at that. Will this higher growth drive greater operating leverage and maybe even further improve the overall profitability of the business? How should we be thinking about these things?
Mitchell Butier: Yes. So just your first question, yes, we're raising our outlook for this platform to 20% plus over the coming years, beginning next year. And yes, the pipeline is robust. We've been talking about the pipeline. We've been investing in this over the years, food, logistics, general merchandise as well as our strength within apparel. And so we saw momentum building, as we've talked about, particularly during the pandemic in the last couple of years, but it takes a little while for those to completely ramp, one.  Two, we mentioned that we'd be hard-pressed to exceed our 20% this year just because of chip supply. So as we look into 2023 and 2024, the chip supply is still going to be constrained, but we've been able to secure additional incremental supply to be able to go above that 20% and let this flow through. So this is -- a key shift that we're seeing is as we go into next year and beyond.  The largest contributor of this business, as you know, is apparel. It's about 3/4 of the business. And while the percentage growth outside of apparel has been higher for the last few years, the unit volume growth has been bigger in apparel just given its size. We see that starting to shift next year. The largest unit volume contributors will be the ones outside of apparel next year. Still strong growth in apparel, but it's going to be outside. So that's all the elements we've been working and talking through.  If you look at food, QSRs, continue to get great momentum there. If you look at general merchandise, we are having a significant growth in -- on home goods and toys and so forth as retailers see the opportunity to apply the lessons from apparel into other categories. Grocery within food, we are excitingly just starting a new pilot with a large grocery company, and that's really linking.  We talked about, when we did the acquisition of Vestcom, the strategic opportunity to leverage their sales channel and data management capabilities to introduce it there. So we've just started a pilot within food. And then logistics, we're seeing a number of opportunities across different companies that we are working through.  So strong momentum overall. The pipeline is robust. And what you're seeing is it's starting to realize and come through. That said, yes, we will be 20% plus. But the supply chains remain tight, and that's also feeding into the inflation. And we're passing through the price increases that we need to recover that inflation and it's sticking. So that's overall.  If you asked about the profitability, the profitability of this business is above average. That's what we've commented on before. We are -- even with this more significant revenue growth, we will continue to keep investing in this business. So that higher profitability is after the incremental investments we've been making, and we will continue to do so because we see significant opportunities over the long term in this space.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
Bryan Burgmeier: This is actually Bryan Burgmeier sitting in for Anthony. I was just wondering, we're more than halfway through the year now, if it's possible to provide a range for free cash flow guidance. I think in years past, you've been maybe 90% to 100% of net income. Do you think that's a fair range to use this year? And then on the FX headwind that you called out in the slide, is it possible to say how much of that headwind has already happened in the first half and how much you're expecting for the second half?
Gregory Lovins: Sure. So on your first question, last year, we delivered a bit more than 100% from a cash flow conversion perspective. I think our expectation for this year, given some of the increased pace of CapEx as well as some working capital increases with all the inflation and pricing actions, we expect it to be a little bit lower than 100% but still in that 90% to 100% range for this year as well.  On the FX headwind, we've got about a $0.25 increase versus our previous guidance. About $0.05 of that was in the second quarter, and the other $0.20 is in the back half.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Josh Spector with UBS Securities LLC.
Joshua Spector: Just curious on LGM and the margin outlook here for second half. I mean you guys have continued on really well offsetting the higher cost with pricing and talked about some new initiatives that you've done to speed that up. It seems like your guidance implies that margins might slip 100 basis points plus in second half. Obviously, there's some end market weakness. But curious if you can draw some color there about what the major factors would be and why you wouldn't stay at kind of that recovered type level here in the second half.
Gregory Lovins: Yes. So there's a number of factors driving what are strong margins really across the company but in LGM as well in the second quarter. One of those is a strong product mix. Our specialty business was up quite a bit in the quarter. It grew more than 20% in the quarter with volumes up as well. And our bulk paper business was down in the quarter given some of the paper constraints. So we had a strong mix impact in Q2 in particular.  We also -- as we've said earlier, we've been accelerating our pricing. We're getting closer and closer to pricing real time with the inflation. And as we're seeing that inflation, Q2 was actually the most significant inflation we've seen since the cycle started a year or so ago. But some of that inflation is sitting in inventory still at the end of the quarter and will come through when we sell that inventory through here in the third quarter. And then there's a number of much smaller onetime-type items in Q2.  So I think when we look forward, we'll see a little bit of a mix impact from Q2 to the back half as that base paper volume comes back into play here in the third quarter, and we see also a sequential inflation increase. We've talked earlier about paper continuing to be a headwind for us with paper increasing particularly in Europe but also in North America.  So overall, some near-term impacts, but we remain confident in the long-term trajectory of this business. And the margin expectations we have for this business continue to be strong, and we expect to continue delivering strong top line growth overall for this business with strong margins, strong capital efficiency. And that generates strong EVA over time and continue to drive strong EVA growth across this business.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Roxland with Truist Securities.
Michael Roxland: Congrats on another solid quarter. My question is around your backlogs and where they currently stand. Have you seen -- have they further extended where they were relative to 1Q? And given continued inflation, do you still continue to mark to market your backlogs? And if so, what has the customer response been for that type of approach? And will you continue to use that approach going forward?
Mitchell Butier: Yes. So we do reprice the backlogs, one. Two, yes, the -- this business usually doesn't have a backlog, and we don't talk about backlog on this business. And that's where we ultimately want to be given just the quick delivery times and so forth. Given the constraints and the high demand in the end market, backlogs began to creep up a couple of years ago. And we're seeing a slight moderation going from Q1 to Q2, and we want that moderation to continue throughout the second half.  And part of that is people getting back in the queue just given the uncertainty of availability of raw materials and everything else. And so that's something we called out previously, and that's something that we expect to work down through the second half. Particularly when -- as we commented on, the constraints around paper and so forth, people are seeing in the macro that that's been easing in the second half of Q2, and we're seeing it ease further here in Q3.  So still remains extremely high. We haven't commented on the magnitude of it. This business shouldn't have much of a backlog, and that's what we hope to get back to here in the coming few quarters.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paretosh Misra with Berenberg Capital Markets LLC.
Paretosh Misra: So in your RFID business, given that you are raising prices, how much of the improved long-term outlook is due to pricing versus volumes?
Mitchell Butier: Well, we just put a plus on that. We're not going to comment on pricing, volumes and dynamics, but the plus is -- the shift can be completely attributed to volumes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Christopher Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research.
Christopher Kapsch: My question is focused on LGM and your commentary about second half volumes recovering after being down in the second quarter. Just curious how the current volume trends look thus far into third quarter and how you see the second half recovery that you anticipate being manifested. Will the recovery skew towards certain business units or product lines? Or do you expect it to be more or less pronounced in certain geographies? Any color there around that commentary would be helpful.
Mitchell Butier: So just high level, the volume trend had been improving throughout the course of Q2, and we see that continuing into Q3. The volumes are still down at the beginning of Q3, but that's as we expected as the raw material constraints continue to free up and so forth. So we are starting to see here very recently getting to the levels that we would expect. So it's completely consistent with our guidance that we provided, and we're seeing an upward trend as we've commented on.
Operator: There are no further questions at this moment. I will turn it back to the speakers for any closing remarks.
Mitchell Butier: Okay. Great. Well, another great quarter and another great performance by the team. So I just want to thank our entire team once again for their tireless efforts, dedication and focus. It's truly remarkable. We continue to raise the bar for ourselves and deliver. So thank you to the entire team, and thanks to everybody who joined the call here.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a good day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 12:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 00:03 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter Ended on April 2, 2022. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 3:00 PM Eastern Time today through midnight Eastern Time April 29. To access the replay, please dial 1-800-633-8284 or for international callers please dial 1-402-977-9140. The conference ID number is 21997965. 01:11 Id now like to turn the conference over to John Eble, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Eble: 01:21 Thank you, [Savanah] [ph]. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified, and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A4 to A9 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. 01:39 We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. 01:55 On the call today are Mitch Butier, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 02:04 I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: 02:06 Thanks, John and hello everyone. We're off to a strong start to the year with the revenue up 18% and earnings per share of $2.40, above our expectations from a quarter ago driven largely by an acceleration in pricing actions in LGM and strong volume growth in RBIS. 02:26 These strong results come at a time of increasing challenges from the continuing impact of COVID-19 and supply chain constraints to the highest levels of inflation we have seen in decades, and now Russias war in Ukraine. All of these challenges reinforce our determination to remain vigilant in protecting the health and welfare of our team and agile to ensure we continue to meet our customers needs. 02:51 Our team continues to do a phenomenal job in managing a very dynamic environment and we remain confident in our ability to continue delivering superior value creation for all of our stakeholders across a wide variety of macro environments. 03:06 Now, a quick update on the quarter by business. Label and Graphic Materials posted strong topline growth for the quarter in both Label and Packaging Materials, as well as our Graphic and Reflective Solutions Business, largely driven by higher pricing. 03:21 In Labels, while demand for consumer package goods in e-commerce trends continue to drive strong orders, volumes were down as expected due primarily with tough comps. As you recall, volumes were particularly high last year due to the combined impact of pre-buys and the COVID-related order patterns that we discussed last year. 03:41 For context, volume in the quarter was up approximately 20% versus 2019 or more than 6% annually, well ahead of GDP growth over that period. Tough comps aside, supply chain constraints hampered our ability to meet demand in the quarter, despite the tremendous job our team did to leverage our innovation capabilities and scale to offset a good portion of these raw material shortages. 04:07 We expect that the recent resolution of the labor strike at a large global paper manufacturer will help ease supply chains across our industry beginning here in Q2. As for our own operations, they were minimally impacted by COVID restrictions in Q1. That said, the recent lockdowns in the greater Shanghai area constrained our materials businesses ability to produce for much of April, reducing revenue by roughly [$20 million] [ph] for the month. 04:36 Fortunately, these restrictions are now easing and we expect all plants will be operational imminently. LGMs margin was strong in the quarter, though down from prior year as expected. Sequentially, margins expanded more than a point as we accelerated pricing actions to reduce the lead time between inflation and pricing. 04:59 And while pricing is catching up with inflation relative to the beginning of the broader cycle, we continue to see further inflation as we move into Q2 and continue to raise prices accordingly. Importantly, we are on track to further increase our returns and EVA for this year in this already high return business. 05:23 Retail branding information solutions delivered another exceptional quarter with significant top and bottom line growth. The strong revenue growth was broad-based, driven by both high value product categories, particularly Intelligent Labels and the core apparel business. 05:39 Enterprise wide, Intelligent Label sales were up more than 20% on an organic basis. The strong growth in the quarter was once again primarily driven by apparel. And while we continue to expect apparel to be the primary driver of dollar growth in the coming few years, we see even greater opportunity over the long-run outside of apparel. 06:01 For example, in the food segment, a number of quick service restaurants are piloting and in the early stages of rolling out Intelligent Label solutions to improve supply chain traceability in the inventory accuracy. In logistics, we continue to work with several shipping and logistics players seeking further automation to drive speed and productivity. 06:22 We are seeing retailers who initially implemented RFID in apparel, expand programs to other categories such as home goods, and our Vestcom acquisition is showing positive early signs in providing additional channel access to intelligent labels and grocery, while continuing to achieve its overall performance goals. 06:43 At the leader in ultra-high frequency RFID, we are positioned extremely well to not only capture these new opportunities, but create them. As for the bottom line, RBS EBITDA was up more than 60% in the quarter compared prior year due to the contributions of Vestcom and continued strong growth in the underlying business. 07:07 Turning to Industrial and Healthcare Materials, the segment delivered modest sales growth in the quarter as margins declined. This group of businesses continues to be impacted by soft automotive end markets, as well as similar supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures as discussed in LGM. 07:25 Turning to our outlook for the year. Given our strong performance in Q1 and our revised expectations for the rest of the year, we have raised our full-year outlook and now anticipate top line growth of 15% to 17% ex-currency and EPS of $9.45 to $9.85. 07:45 I'm pleased with the continued progress we are making towards the success of all of our stakeholders. Our consistent performance reflects the strength of our markets, our industry leading positions, the strategic foundations we've laid, and our agile and talented team. 08:01 We remain focused on the consistent execution of our five key strategies: to drive outsized growth in high value categories; grow profitably in our base businesses; focus relentlessly on productivity; effectively allocate capital; and lead in an environmentally and socially responsible manner. 08:23 We are confident that the consistent execution of these strategies will enable us to achieve our long-term goals, including consistently delivering GDP plus growth and top quartile returns. 08:34 And once again, I want to thank our entire team for their tireless efforts to keep one another safe while continuing to deliver for our customers during this challenging period. The team continues to raise their game each quarter to address the unique challenges at hand. Thank you. 08:53 Now, before turning the call over to Greg, as I'm sure you all saw, we recently appointed Deon Stander, our President and Chief Operating Officer. Deon has done a tremendous job leading RBS over the last seven years, and the team and I are excited to partner with him in this new capacity. 09:09 Over to you, Greg?
Greg Lovins: 09:11 All right. Thanks, and hello everybody. As Mitch said, we delivered a strong start to the year with adjusted earnings per share of $2.40. Consistent with last year and up 5%, excluding currency, roughly a dime above our expectations. Sales were up 18% ex-currency and 13% on an organic basis, driven by higher prices and higher volume and mix. 09:41 Despite the impact of inflation and supply chain disruptions, we delivered a strong adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.3%, up 40 basis points sequentially. Significant revenue growth and strong margins drove EBITDA growth of 6% compared to prior year, up 10%, excluding the impact of currency. 10:05 Turning to cash generation and allocation, we generated $73 million of free cash flow, down compared to last year, but well above our historical Q1 levels. Our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio at quarter-end of 2.35. 10:25 Our current leverage position gives us ample capacity to continue executing our disciplined capital allocation strategy, including investing in organic growth and acquisitions, while continuing to return cash to shareholders. 10:41 In the quarter, we paid $56 million in dividends and repurchased more than 800,000 shares at an aggregate cost of $152 million. 10:53 Now, turning to the segment results. Label and Graphic Material sales were up 12% on an organic basis driven by higher prices, which more than offset a modest decline in volume and mix due to tough comps as Mitch mentioned. 11:09 Label and Packaging Materials sales were up low-double digits on an organic basis, with strong growth in both the high value product categories and the base business. Graphics and Reflective sales were up high single digits on an organic basis. 11:25 Looking at the segment's organic sales growth in the quarter by region, North America and Western Europe sales were both up high teens, while emerging markets overall were up low to mid-teens. 11:38 The Asia Pacific region was roughly flat with strong growth in India, offset by a decline in China, due to tough comps related to the price increase driven pre-buys, we discussed last year. In Latin America, grew low-double-digits. 11:56 LGMs adjusted EBITDA margin increased 110 basis points sequentially to 15.6%, largely driven by accelerated pricing actions to offset inflation. And as Mitch mentioned, while EBITDA margins were strong, they declined versus prior year for three primary reasons. 12:17 First, the mathematical impact of raising prices alone reduced the margin percentage by roughly 2 points. Second, the remaining gap from the price inflation lag reduced margins roughly half a point. And third, impacts from the Russian war in Ukraine reduced margins by roughly one-third of a point. 12:38 Now, looking ahead, our input costs have continued to rise and supply chains remain tight. We now anticipate inflation will be roughly 20% for the year with a high single-digit increase expected sequentially in Q2. 12:53 We continue to address the cost increases through a combination of product re-engineering and pricing actions. Shifting now to retail branding and Information Solutions, RBIS sales were up 43% ex-currency and 20% on an organic basis, as growth remains strong in both the high value categories and the base business. 13:17 The apparel business saw broad-based strength across channels and continued double-digit growth in external embellishments. And for the quarter, Intelligent Labels sales were up more than 20% organically. 13:30 Adjusted EBITDA margin for the segment of 19% was up nearly 2.5 points with the positive benefits from higher organic volume and acquisitions, more than offset growth investments and higher employee-related costs. 13:45 Turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment, sales increased 1% on an organic basis, reflecting low-double-digit growth in healthcare, largely offset by low single digit decline in industrial categories as automotive markets weighed on the segment. 14:03 Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased to 12% driven by lower volume and mix and the net impact of pricing freight and raw material costs. 14:14 Now shifting to our outlook for 2022, while there continues to be a high level of macro uncertainty, we have raised our guidance for adjusted earnings per share to be between $9.45 and $9.85, a $0.10 increase to the range. 14:31 The increase reflects a roughly $0.10 headwind from non-operational items such as currency and taxes, more than offset by roughly $0.20 operational increase, roughly half of which we realized in Q1. This outlook reflects a roughly 50% increase in EBITDA, compared to 2019. 14:54 And we now anticipate 15% to 17% ex-currency sales growth for the full-year. Above our previous expectation, driven by higher prices to mitigate the increased pace of inflation. 15:07 In summary, we delivered another strong quarter, in a challenging environment, and we remain on track to deliver on our long-term objectives to achieve GDP plus growth in top quartile returns on capital, which together drive sustained growth in EVA. 15:24 We will now open up the call for your questions.
Operator: 15:31 Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: 16:17 Thanks. Hi, everyone, good morning. Thanks for all the detail. My two questions, the first is around margins broadly. And then the second is just on the impact of the strike in Europe and it's ending what it might mean for you. In terms of margin gentlemen, can you talk a little bit about qualitatively, if you can't quantify, what kind of margin trend you're seeing in Intelligent Labels either year-on-year or sequentially in the quarter? And the same question around emerging markets. I know it's a broad region, but can you talk about the margin trends you're seeing in emerging markets? 17:01 My second question with the strike now having ended, how will it most immediately impact and likely benefit your business and what are the ramifications of that? Thank you and I'll turn it over.
Mitch Butier: 17:16 Sure, George, good morning. So, yes, as far as your first question on Intelligent Labels, we haven't disclosed specifically what our Intelligent Labels margins are. They are consistently above the average for the company and the average for RBIS. And what Id say is, they have stayed, remained in a relatively tight band over time as we continue to drive growth, but also reinvest a portion of the growing profits into new growth opportunities for which you know are significant. 17:45 As far emerging markets margins, yes, I mean, the margins remain strong within the emerging markets. So, no big update from that perspective. We've talked about in the past that our margins have, kind of across the board have basically converged over the last number of years. So, there's not a lot of variation of what you see on the global level for LGM versus the individual regions. 18:10 And as far as the strike in Europe, yes, that's unfolding real time. It takes a little bit of time to restart paper mills and so forth and the lead time between once the manufacturing starts happening to when we and the rest of the industry will be able to receive product, but our assumptions here are that we will start to see product here in mid to late Q2 and it won't really probably be a full run rate until late Q2.
Operator: 18:38 Our next question is from Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Ghansham Panjabi: 18:46 Hey, guys, good day. Thanks for taking my questions. Mitch, you made some comments on China COVID and the impact on April and some of the plans being impacted, opening imminently. It looks though that some of the other regions may be impacted in China also including Beijing of the weekend, etcetera. Just curious as to the impact potentially on you, not just on LGM, but also RBIS on the base business. Maybe you can just kind of give us a sense as to what may be different with the shutdowns in China [just go around] [ph] versus 2020 and how you're navigating that?
Mitch Butier: 19:24 Yeah. So, it's hard to predict what each shutdown if there are future ones or what the exact impact will be. We [commented] [ph] there was about $20 million lower revenue from the materials businesses that we have in the Shanghai area. We have an operation in the general Beijing area, but quite a bit smaller overall, as far as size and impact. 19:46 And RBIS footprint in China is in South China. So, in the [pro delta region] [ph], so not in the Beijing area in general. So, that's where we are as far as what the impact is. I think the bigger question, everybody needs to make their assessment, what does it really do to end demand? Does end demand  everybody is obviously been depleting their inventories, bounce back and so forth or not. We feel well-positioned regardless of the situation. 20:17 If it were to get to the South China, obviously our RBIS plans would be impacted at that time, but just as we saw that Vietnam was shut down last year, which is a major hub for us as well, were able to leverage the rest of our global manufacturing capability to help offset that and quickly come back from. And there it's a little bit different because mostly end market is really linked to demand in both the U.S. and Europe. 20:44 And so, we tend to see that there's a shortening of supply chains or adjustment of supply chain lead times in order to adjust for that. So, slightly different by business. Overall, I think there's, yes, positive of the fact that the Shanghai area is opening. As far as our direct interactions, we've gotten the green light to open up operations everything else, obviously it takes a little while for the gears of industry to start moving, all the customers need to be able to open up and suppliers. 21:13 And we're hoping that from the high degree of lockdown that there are lessons learned from this more broadly and that with each new lockdown should there be one that will have less impact on industry in general.
Ghansham Panjabi: 21:26 Got it. And then Greg in your comments, when you were giving us the variance for 2022 EPS versus your initial, I think you said $0.20 better operations or some version of that and half of it came from the first quarter? What is that specifically being driven by? And then at what point do you expect to reach price cost parity based on what you see at this point?
Greg Lovins: 21:50 Yeah. So, just to reiterate, I guess overall, we said about $0.20 operational be it for the year from our previous expectations, offset by about $0.10 with some headwinds, things like currency translation and a little bit on tax, for instance. In the first quarter, its driven by a couple of things: one, the RBS volume as Mitch mentioned earlier was pretty strong in the quarter, very strong on Intelligent Labels, good growth on external embellishments. And we continue to see strong apparel imports in the U.S. and that's continuing to see strong volumes in our overall apparel business even outside of IL. 22:24 At the same time, as we talked about, we've been accelerating the pace of pricing to manage the increasing pace of inflation as well. And we closed a little bit more of that gap in the quarter than we had really expected at the beginning of the year. So, overall, we feel good with the pace of that. I think we still had a gap. I mentioned we had about a half point gap in LGM margins year-over-year, due to price inflation. 22:46 We do see sequential inflation Q1 to Q2 of high single digits and we're winning new pricing actions there. Our guidance assumes inflation in the back half is relatively stable. So, if that happens, we'll look as we enter the back half of the year to hopefully close that gap between price and inflation.
Operator: 23:08 Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: 23:16 Good morning. The revision to the full-year organic growth guidance, is that entirely driven by price presumably passing along higher costs or is there any change in the volume outlook either positively or negative or mix or anything else that we should be aware of?
Mitch Butier: 23:35 Yeah, I think that's largely priced. So, as I talked about on inflation, we now expect full-year inflation of about 20%. Last quarter, I think I said low to mid-teens, so that's a pretty healthy increase on the pace of inflation, and we're increasing prices accordingly to mitigate that. So, most of that increase is really around the incremental price to deal with the incremental pace of inflation that we're seeing. 23:58 Volumes continue to be strong in RBS as we mentioned. And you know calling the back half is difficult right now with the number of things moving around. A lot of moving parts, of course. So, we don't have visibility on the inflation pace, much past in the next couple quarters and we'll look to manage as we move through the year.
Anthony Pettinari: 24:19 Okay. And then 1Q benefited from 9 million in restructuring savings, in terms of maybe seeing a similar level in the coming quarters, is there anything you can say about, sort of restructuring as maybe a potential earnings contributor this year? Have you pulled forward some projects given inflation headwinds there, which was always, sort of in the plan? Any [OpEx] [ph] you can get there?
Mitch Butier: 24:46 Yes. So, we talked about over the last couple of years, we'd accelerated a number of projects, particularly in 2020. We had a number of projects that we had on the horizon. We accelerated and pulled into the year. We're still seeing some benefits from those and some initiatives we executed last year that are helping here in the first half. So, a lot of that is carryover of some of those projects that we've been executing over the last year or so.
Operator: 25:09 Our next question comes from John McNulty with BMO. Please proceed with your question.
John McNulty: 25:15 Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. So, the Intelligent Label Business looks like it did a lot better than I think many were expecting. I guess at the same time like we've heard there are some supply chain issues even there and component issues, I guess, was there anything that actually held back any of the growth in that segment for you in the quarter that we should be thinking about where  and also, how should we be thinking about when those kind of issues might be alleviated?
Mitch Butier: 25:45 Yes. So, we grew more than 20% within the quarter and that was broad based. And yes, as I said, apparel was most of the dollar growth, but percentage wise, the food and logistics categories and now home goods are from a percentage wise off a very small base growing even faster. So, continue to build momentum. What we did say, and I think you might be referring to John, is, given where the supply chain constraints specifically around microchips that would be challenging to go above the long-term growth range that we have a 15% to 20% this year, and we do see that there should be some easing and change a little bit depending what you're talking about as we go into 2023. 26:29 And an important part of this is, we've been able to leverage. We're a bit unique in being able to drive this level of growth and certain for the new market development, just leveraging our scale and our partnerships that we have up the supply chain as the chips of manufacturers and so forth work through this challenging time they have on constrained supply, but we're all aligned on what the opportunity is around RFID and Intelligent Labels more broadly.
John McNulty: 26:57 Got it. No, that's helpful color. And then I guess, second question is just, when I think about your new guidance or your updated guidance, the midpoint of the range essentially is just, it looks like it's taking 1Q and just kind of straight lining it across and yet it does seem like on the puts and takes with the [finish strike] [ph] kind of behind us at this point, evidence that you're getting all the pricing that you need, it seems like you've probably got more tailwinds than headwinds at this point. So, I guess, is that a fair characterization or are there other things we should be thinking about on the negative side to kind of give you that more balanced approach to how you're thinking about the year?
Greg Lovins: 27:41 Yes. So, I think there's a lot of moving parts here between, as you said, the strike of our paper supplier starts to get better later here in the second quarter as Mitch talked about. It doesn't have a huge impact on Q2 given that that just ended pretty much here at the end of April. So that will start to get better as we get to the middle of the year. But we talked about the same time, we got a little bit of a China headwind in the month of April at least from there that we didn't have in the first quarter. And then we exited or see shipping to the Russia market, which we had shipped for much of Q1 at least. So, there's a number of impacts there when you look from where we're in Q1 to where it be the rest of the year. 28:20 And just difficult to call what the environment will be in the back half from an inflationary perspective, as well as from a continuing macro perspective. Our next question comes from Jeffrey Zekauskas with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: 28:40 Thanks very much. Your operating income in Label and Graphic Materials was down 20 million year-over-year. Roughly was half of that from volume and half of that from [price cut] [ph]?
Greg Lovins: 28:57 Well, half of that was actually from currency translation year-over-year. The rest of it was a bit of a gap as I talked about between price and inflation still, as well as some increasing just employee cost, wage inflation year-over-year, etcetera. So, it's really about half of it is currency and the other half, a large part of the other half to remain on gap on price inflation.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: 29:18 Okay. And do you expect your volumes to decrease in LGM year-on-year for the next two quarters and then to begin to grow? Is that your [best case] [ph]?
Mitch Butier: 29:31 We have a variety of different scenarios we would lay out, so we don't pinpoint a specific target. But as we said, the comps in Q1 Jeff were the toughest and the comps get easier as we go throughout the year. So, that's I guess the biggest thing I'd highlight. So, we don't have  we don't give quarterly guidance or in general or by business, that Q1 is the toughest comp within the materials business overall.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: 29:54 Is your price raw material spread getting better sequentially or you can't tell?
Mitch Butier: 30:00 Sequentially, it's gotten better. We've accelerated. I think one of the things when we commented on performance in Q1 being better than we expected, so we had a number of initiatives just given the shared duration, magnitude, and consistency of the inflation we've been experiencing, we been fine tuning our pricing strategies and our execution capabilities and we're targeting specifically to reduce that lead time, and we were successful in doing that. 30:28 We're going to need to continue doing that given the incremental inflation, which is going from the low-to-mid-teens as Greg said for the full-year to roughly 20% for the full-year. So, it was better than expected is the short answer Jeff.
Operator: 30:44 Our next question comes from Josh Spector with UBS. Please proceed.
Josh Spector: 30:51 Yeah, hi, thanks for taking my question. So, just again I guess on the inflation for the high single digit Q-on-Q, wondering if you could maybe breakout how much of that would you say is direct materials so the cost of material itself going up versus, is there some element of that from you operating differently. So, using film instead of paper or sourcing from a suboptimal location that is creating an additional cost burden, but perhaps goes away when supply normalizes, is there a way to differentiate between those two?
Greg Lovins: 31:25 Well, I mean what we're talking about there is really the direct inflation whether that being raw materials, freight utilities, all those areas really. So, it's really about the direct inflation. The cost of substitute materials isn't as significant, but that wouldn't be included in that bucket as well at least from a Q1 to Q2 perspective.
Mitch Butier: 31:43 And the way we tend to look at that is that's a different product, if you're substituting having a [film liner] [ph] versus a paper liner, it's a different product at a different price point. So
Josh Spector: 31:54 Okay. I guess I mean, is there a way to think about that then in terms of the contact for first quarter, how much of that substitution maybe impact the profitability outside of the price cost dynamic?
Mitch Butier: 32:06 We don't think it had a significant impact on profitability. This was an area where  and this is where demand is strong and customers and their customers need the product. And so, we were able to leverage our innovation and scale capabilities to be able to quickly substitute. 32:20 We've got disproportionately more experience both on the film and paper side of the industry so to be able to do mix and match of different liners, different [phased materials] [ph], it was an area of particular strength for us and that we were able to leverage those capabilities to be able to deliver and they obviously came at a different price point. So, once the supply chain normalizes, yeah, I think there will be some reversion back to the other product categories that the customers ultimately [would want] [ph].
Operator: 32:49 Our next question comes from Mike Roxland with Truist Securities. Please proceed.
Mike Roxland: 32:56 Thanks. Mitch, Greg, John, congrats on a good quarter. Given the label paper of lease line or supply tightness, can you just give a sense of how you're able to manage supply this quarter? Was it just a matter of procuring tons wherever you could get them and passing along the higher cost of customers? Did you work through inventories? I'm just trying to understand your performance relative to the issues experienced at the [indiscernible]?
Greg Lovins: 33:25 Yeah. I think it's a combination of things, really. I mean, I think we started the year with a little bit of inventory, so we were able to manage the early part of the quarter, at least from that perspective, but as Mitch was just talking about a minute ago, we shifted some materials to filmic liners away from paper liners where possible, again, leveraging our capabilities in our plans and our R&D to make that change easily for customers. 33:46 The same time leveraging our scale with our suppliers and looking for other sources of materials. And really, we talked about the strength of our teams overall over the years and a lot of people say that, but really clearly we have the strongest teams in the industry and they've shown time and time again the resilience of managing through these things and helping us find ways to mitigate the impacts of challenges like this and work through it and still deliver for our customers. So, for me, I think there's a number of factors there, but our teams really came through in the quarter overall.
Mike Roxland: 34:14 Got you. And then just quickly, just following on John's question regarding chip availability, obviously, Mitch mentioned, I think that's going to improve in 2023, what type of growth you expect to see in Intelligent Labels once if and when that chip availability improves? If you want to comment about 2023, let's look at it this way, if you had the chips available today, what type of growth would you see in Intelligent Labels versus the 15% to 20% you have seen? Thank you.
Greg Lovins: 34:41 Yes. So, I'm not going  we see tremendous momentum in this space, and I'm not going to deviate from our 15% to 20% long-term growth objective. So, that's what we've laid out as a long-term growth objective. I said we'd be hard press to go above the high-end of that. We definitely see momentum for growing faster than that, but as we've seen in the past, there's a certain cadence that every market needs to go through as they adopt the technology, so that's something that we'll continue to invest ahead of the curve on and continue to lead with our customer partners to help them in their identification, how to roll-up the new technologies to capture more growth for themselves, improve their consumer experiences, and lower cost.
Operator: 35:31 Our next question comes from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital. Please proceed.
Adam Josephson: 35:39 Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Mitch, one for you on demand, if memory serves, I think last call, you said that demand was the biggest source of uncertainty with respect to your full-year guidance. And that was before the onset of war that was before widespread lockdown in China, inflations only intensified globally since then, but it doesn't seem like your demand expectations for the year have changed at all and maybe they've even gotten better. So, I'm just trying to understand that and what you're expecting demand wise in the second half of the year as embedded within your guidance range?
Mitch Butier: 36:20 Overall, our volume assumptions haven't shifted all that much from where we were a quarter ago. And we came into the year with our eyes open to some of the macro uncertainties and so forth. Remember when we gave some commentary around our volume expectations, people thought those might be a bit low. We actually saw obviously are foreseeing some of the specific challenges, but with all that the world's has been going through the last couple of years, we obviously had some temporary dislocations around demand environment built into our overall guidance for the year, and that's proven the appropriate approach thus far.
Adam Josephson: 36:56 I appreciate that. And Greg, with respect to your inflation outlook, high-single-digit sequentially, 1Q to 2Q and then I think you said flat thereafter, even though the strike in Finland is coming to an end, I would think if anything, that might put some downward pressure on your paper costs in the second half of the year. Can you just talk about why you're not expecting any sequential declines in inflation beginning in 3Q or even in 4Q for that matter?
Greg Lovins: 37:27 Yeah, Adam, I think it's been difficult over last year or so to really call inflation material movements over past the next couple of months really. So, I think for us, we're looking at what we can see from a line of sight perspective. There are different views, if you look at different entities indices and different outlook for the back half of where things may or may not go, but right now, we know what we see for the second quarter as we talked about and we're assuming a moderate kind of environment from an inflation perspective in the back half. That could change up or down and so we would flex our pricing accordingly, I guess.
Mitch Butier: 38:02 And just thing I'll build on, just to reinforce Greg's point. Nobody really has visibility beyond 90 days. And we've seen the indices show that there's going to be an easing of the inflation three months out, four months out, a few times over the past year and that has not planned out. So, we have visibility in 90 days and we're putting in our pricing strategies and our productivity strategies accordingly, and we'll continue to pivot it and adjust as need be and go from there.
Operator: 38:32 Our next question is from Joshua Wilson with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Wilson: 38:39 Yes. Hello, Mitch and Greg. Thanks for taking my questions. Just to make sure we're clear on the modeling side of things, can you give us an update on what you're assuming for share count and the EPS guidance, and just your general thoughts on share repurchases from here since that's accelerated?
Greg Lovins: 39:00 Yes. So maybe just backing up, I think our overall capital allocation balance sheet approach is the same strategy has been for a number of years now. We have a very strong balance sheet right now. Our debt ratio is at a relatively low level despite a lot of the acquisitions that we or even in light of a lot of the acquisitions we've done very recently. And so, we have ample capacity to continue investing in the business, continue leveraging M&A to help strengthen our portfolio and shift the portfolio towards high value categories, and capacity to continue increasing the rate of our dividend over time and continuing to drive share buybacks and return cash to shareholders. 39:38 So, we've talked about over the years. Our approach there has been in periods we're looking at share buybacks to generate a return and in periods where we see, if we pull back in shares, we'll have accelerators in our share buyback in the opposite if we see increases. So, its clearly in the first quarter, we saw the pullback in the shares and took advantage of that from a buyback perspective. 40:01 Depending on how that plays out over the rest of the year would really determine how share buyback overall plays out. I think we ended the quarter with about 83 million shares and clearly we expect to be somewhere below that by the end of the year.
Joshua Wilson: 40:14 Got it. And then as we think about how the European theater continues to evolve, any color you can give on what you're hearing either from your customers or seeing in your own operations as it relates specifically to logistics and outbound freight availability and trucker availability?
Mitch Butier: 40:32 I don't think  we're seeing what you're reading in the headlines overall. I mean, just continued constraints, but I think the bigger item is just, yes, I think just questions about what the more the economic outlook is, then it is around freight availability and so forth. What's going to happen in the coming quarter, coming years and so forth. It's definitely a very sad development to see what's happening within Europe and that's what is on people's minds more than anything than what's going on just getting product and so forth. 41:07 So, thats key. The sentiment has shifted in Europe overall. This is what I would say. I think growth trends and so forth still seem fairly strong, but the sentiment is more on other matters and what it means to the macro long-term.
Operator: 41:24 And our next question is from Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital. Please proceed.
Chris Kapsch: 41:32 Yeah. Hey, its Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital. So, question on LGM. Good afternoon or good morning, I guess where you guys are. So question focused on LGM, I didn't catch the detail by region. I think you said that basically all the segments sales growth was effectively pricing on passing through the inflation and volume [flatter down] [ph]. My question is, is to the extent that paper liner availability constrained your volume, how did your volume compare to the industry volume? Did this constraint cause you to lose share in any region?
Mitch Butier: 42:13 We don't have the industry data yet for Q1. So, overall, that's something that we don't see. We think we were  number of markets disproportionately advantage the ability to switch from one category to another, but it's hard to see exactly how things played out across from just a market perspective and share perspective. 42:34 Sequentially, we believe we're pretty confident. We've gained share, particularly in Europe, but also North America year-over-year, you've got the factor of our tough comps in Asia Pacific, which were a bit more company specific as it related to pre-buy. So, overall, the share landscape, I think you tend to see, we've talked about this before. Things moving around the board a bit, especially in periods of change and with price increases, but generally within the normal band we would expect and we'd expect them to settle out where theyve historically been.
Chris Kapsch: 43:08 That's helpful. And then I think your demand again, LGM has been characterized by generally healthy with strong backlog, and to the extent that this striking result allows you to work down those backlog, would that be  do you have a sense for any part of that backlog being, sort of double ordering because of concerns on behalf of customers to get material and or and just how do you see that those lead times working down over time was  is that, do you look at this as an opportunity that maybe take share as your constraints are alleviated as this strike has resolved? Any color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Mitch Butier: 43:56 Yeah, sure. So, as far as the backlog, we've talked about lead times are much longer than they've been over the past year, and particularly over the past quarter. Clearly some of that, were not expecting that, all are just incremental demand, what happens when in a constrained environment, people get back in the queue for ordering future materials and so forth. So, it's clear to us when we look at underlying demand for consumer packaged goods and e-commerce trends that end demand remains strong. 44:26 And as we, I think once the raw material environment stabilized a bit, you'll have less of that getting in the queue early effect, so lead times will reduce a bit, but we still expect relative to the macro, healthy growth profile. 44:43 So as far as taking share and so forth, like I said, those things we expect would be settling out. We are the industry leader and so we expect to be able to leverage our capabilities to help continue investing in innovation to drive the disproportionate amount of the industry's growth over the long run as we've done for since [indiscernible] invented the category eighty years ago.
Operator: 45:08 Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed.
George Staphos: 45:16 Hi everyone. Thanks for taking the follow-on. Greg, Mitch, is there a way to roughly quantify what the impact of the strike might have been on your P&L from margin standpoint or in any way. And if you mentioned it prior, I apologize for having missed it, but if you could remind us then what it would be if youd quantify and then I had a couple of quick follow-ons after that.
Mitch Butier: 45:42 Yes, we haven't quantified and we're not going to overall George. It's  the net impact is relatively small, but still impactful. Because if you isolated on its own as one impact, but we've then been leveraging our other sourcing providers, materials of providers to help mitigate that as well as the material substitution to filmic liners and so forth. So, we haven't provided that, but let's, yes, something that's in our guidance is basically a return to normal, if you will by the second half.
George Staphos: 46:17 Understood. And then another two, and I'll turn over, one, you had mentioned on the fourth quarter call, some potential that there was, and I forget the precise phrasing, but inventory in the channel that might need to be worked down. From your volume discussion and from the results, [indiscernible] like you're seeing much or effect from that, but nonetheless are you seeing any signs of destocking specifically within Europe and in the States? And then with supply chains being so volatile over the last, seems like the last couple of years, are you seeing any shift from your customers in terms of where they're planning to produce and source from, I would imagine it to be more of an effect perhaps on your RBIS customers and then in turn what that means what the implications are for Averys production stand over the next couple of quarters, couple of years? Thanks and good luck to the rest of the year guys.
Mitch Butier: 47:11 Thanks, George. Yes. So, overall around the inventory comment, we had said that we had anecdotal evidence and believe there were some inventory building going this year, which by the way, I think is playing out well for the end markets, as far as when you're in a period of tight supply that people have some extra buffer to work through. 47:32 From what we see, it looks like some of that was worked off. We think in Q1, and we commented that our volume mix within LGM was down low single digits. So, comps was one reason, but think that inventory levels could have been another. But we think there's also still continuing some inventory here in Q2, which is important given that the impact of the strike won't be fully worked through until we work our way through Q2 and get towards the end of it. 47:59 Yes, George, I wasn't clear on the second part of your question overall. I mean, broadly speaking, what you've seen through this very dynamic environment is that we've been able to leverage our global scale, our strength and innovation to basically ensure that we are able to provide for our end markets. We are seeing as the industry leader that are not just trying to protect our own business, but also ensure the long-term health of our industries, and that's not just an LGM or a lot of discussion is, but also within RBIS and the branding information solutions we provide there, where with all the challenges that the apparel industry has seen that we've been able to show consistent robust growth through that cycle, especially relative to apparel and demand. 48:46 So, overall, very  yeah, good, very good with how we've performed. There's a lot of uncertainty on the horizon. We're confident in the team's ability to continue managing as we have over the past couple of years.
Operator: 49:01 Mr. Butier, there are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back to you for closing remarks.
Mitch Butier: 49:09 Thank you. I just want to conclude by saying strong performance in a very challenging environment and just want to conclude by once again thanking our team for their phenomenal performance, dedication, and ingenuity. So, thank you to the entire team.
Operator: 49:25 That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-02 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year Ended on January 1, 2022. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from noon Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time February 5. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 1-402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID is 21997964. I would now like to turn the call over to John Eble, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
John Eble: Thank you, Franz. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A4 to A10 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, John. And good day everyone. We're pleased to report our 10th consecutive year of strong top and bottom line growth. Our label and graphic materials business delivers strong performance in the year of significant raw material inflation and constrained supply. Retail branding information solutions posted both strong and top line growth and significant margin expansion. Industrial and healthcare materials made solid progress. And importantly, our intelligent labels platform continues to deliver significant growth and increasing potential. In addition to great results for the year 2021 mark an important milestone for the company as a final year of measurement for the five year financial targets we communicated in early 2017. This is the third long-term performance cycle we've completed since first introducing this discipline back in 2012. And I'm pleased to report that we once again achieved our company goals. Our consistent performance over the years reflects the resilience of our industry leading market positions, the strategic foundations we've laid and our agile and talented workforce. Our playbook is working extremely well as we continue to focus on five overarching strategic pillars. Driving outside growth in high value categories, growing profitably in our base businesses, focusing relentlessly on productivity, effectively allocating capital and leading in an environmentally and socially responsible manner. Over the last five years we achieved exceeded even our long-term companywide goals set in early 2017, including delivering an EPS CAGR of 17% and growing the company to $8.4 billion in revenue. There were many important milestones achieved over this time horizon. One standout of course, is Intelligent Labels, now a $700 million platform. This business tripled in size over the last five years, growing 20% annually on an organic basis. The strong growth over this time horizon was driven primarily by apparel, as we continue to drive further adoption of the technology and expand programs with major customers in this key end market. And while we continue to expect apparel to be the key growth driver in the coming few years, we see even greater opportunity over the long run in other key untapped markets. For example, in the food segment three quick service restaurants after successful pilots are in the early stages of rolling out RFID to improve supply chain traceability and inventory accuracy. And in logistics, we continue to work with shipping and logistics players taking further automation to drive speed and productivity. As the leader in ultra high frequency RFID we are positioned extremely well to not only capture these new opportunities but to create them. To that end we are continuing to invest in developing new applications and markets, adding new technologies, both physical and digital, increasing our manufacturing capacity, and expanding our team, the best most experienced in the space. The momentum in Intelligent Labels where we continue to expect long-term growth of 15% to 20% annually is a great example of the progress we continue to make. But it's only one example of many across the portfolio. Over the last five years, we've made solid progress in achieving the objectives in IHM, great progress in LGM and truly remarkable progress in RBIS. We are focused on creating exceptional value for all of our stakeholders across the entire company. Now, looking specifically at 2021, the year was no different as we made solid progress on our strategic pillars while posting impressive results. We deliver EPS of $8.91 for the year, up 25% from 2020 and 35% from 2019 levels. We grew the top line by roughly 19% on a constant currency basis, and 16% organically. All three segments delivered strong results relative to both 2020 and 2019. With solid growth in our base businesses, and continued above average volume growth from high value categories. These strong results come at a time of continued increasing challenges. The ramping up of COVID infections in many countries, continued supply chain constraints, and additional inflationary pressures are taxing the industry, our customers and our teams. The biggest challenges are now in LGM, North America and Europe, where we are seeing both increasing constraints on the availability of raw materials and additional inflationary pressure. The team has continued to find ways to manage these compounding challenges and deliver impressive results over the last couple years. And we are confident we will do so again in 2022. Now a brief summary of the year by segment. Labeling and Graphic Materials delivered another year of strong margins and exceptionally strong top line growth, reflecting above average volume growth as well as pricing. Throughout the year orders remained elevated. This was driven by continued strong demand for consumer packaged goods and ecommerce trends, as well as to a lesser extent, we believe inventory building downstream from us given the supply chain challenges and significant income inflationary pressures. We experienced raw material constraints across many categories throughout the year. Currently, we are seeing some easing of constraints in chemicals and resins, but increasing constraints for paper and transportation. We exited the year with annualized inflation of more than $600 million and nearly 20% increase in our materials businesses alone, as the cost of raw materials and freight continue to rise. Given the magnitude of this inflation, and the lag in the timing of our price increases, margins moderated in the back half of the year for this business. While we are experiencing even more inflation as we start this year, particularly in paper, we expect to offset the higher costs over the cycle. We remain confident in our ability to continue driving GDP plus growth in this high return business. Retail Branding Information Solutions continues to deliver impressive results, with margins expanding to another record on significant revenue growth for the year driven by strength in both high value categories as well as the base business. As I mentioned earlier, momentum in our intelligent labels platform continues as sales grew roughly 30% on an organic basis compared to 2020 and roughly 40% compared to 2019. And a recent Vestcom acquisition is not only achieving its performance goals, but also showing positive early signs and providing additional channel access to intelligent labels. In the Industrial and Healthcare Material segment, sales rebounded versus prior year well above 2019 levels, and operating income grew significantly. We've made solid progress in this group of businesses over the last few years. However, the challenges in some of its end markets, principally automotive have hindered our ability to achieve our ambitions. Despite these challenges, we are focused on achieving the long-term potential of this group. Now as for capital allocation, we continue to execute a balanced strategy. We have increased our pace of growth and capability building investments, both organically and through M&A. Over the last couple of years, we've completed several acquisitions, expanded our venture program and started ramping up the pace of organic investments, which we recently began further accelerating. The overriding focus of our M&A venture program and organic investments is to further increase our presence in high value categories, increase our pace of innovation, and advance our sustainability initiatives. And we intend to continue this path, all while maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. With these great results in mind, it's important to highlight that our overriding focus is on the long- term success of all of our stakeholders. And we have a clear set of objectives and strategies focused on their mutual success. We're making great progress towards our 2025 and 2030 sustainability goals, and are on track to deliver our 2025 financial objectives. As the overarching objective of our long-term financial targets is to deliver GDP plus growth, and top quartile returns on capital. This is a recipe for superior value creation over the long term, and we are confident in our ability to continue doing so. After delivering a 20% increase in EPS in 2021 ex. currency, we are again targeting double digit EPS growth in 2022. While 2022 is already shaping up to be just as challenging as the last couple of years, we are preparing for it commercially, operationally, and financially. And once again, I want to thank our entire team for their tireless efforts to keep one another safe while delivering for all of our stakeholders. This has been a particularly taxing time for our teams, and we're all grateful for their dedication, agility and focus. Thank you. Now I'll hand the call over to Greg.
Greg Lovins: Alright. Thanks Mitch and hello, everybody. I'll first provide some additional color on a performance against our long-term targets, and then walk you through fourth quarter performance and our outlook for 2022. As Mitch said, 2021 was an important milestone for the company as the final year for the five year financial targets we communicated in early 2017. And as he noted, we again achieved our companywide targets. The consistent execution of our key strategies enables us to continue delivering against our targets, with an overriding focus on delivering GDP plus growth in top quartile returns on capital over the long term. Over the five year period, sales growth on a constant currency basis was 6.6% annually, with an organic growth of 4.6% annually, both above our target. Our organic growth was roughly 2x global GDP for the same period. Operating margin was almost two full points above our target of 11%. And additionally, our EBITDA margin was above 15.6% in 2021, up almost three points compared to 2016. And adjusted EPS grew more than 17% annually over the past five years, significantly surpassing our target of 10%. And, as always, our focus continues to be the optimal balance of growth, margins and capital efficiency to drive incremental EVA over the long term. To that point, our return on total capital performance continues to be in the top quartile relative to our capital market peers coming in at over 18% in 2021, again above our target. And our balance sheet remained strong with our net debt to EBITDA ratio below the low end of our target range, giving us ample capacity to continue executing our strategies. Looking at the segments, both LGM and RBIS met or exceeded their organic growth targets and delivered margins above the high end of their target range. And we've made significant progress in IHM despite being short of our targets there. In March of last year, we also introduced a new set of long term targets for the company through 2025. Designed to continue delivering superior value creation over the long term. One year into this cycle, we are on track to achieve these goals as well. Given the diversity of our end markets, our strong competitive advantages and resilience as an organization to adjust course when needed, we're confident in our ability to continue delivering through a wide range of business cycles. Now let me provide some color on the fourth quarter. We delivered another strong quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $2.13 slightly above our expectation from a quarter ago, reflecting a tax benefit of a few cents and operational performance right in line with our midpoint Earnings were down 6% versus last year, given the extra week in the prior year, and up 23% compared to 2019, driven by significant revenue growth and solid margins. As expected, the impact of the extra week and belt tightening in Q4 of 2020 created tough comps. That combined with the increased pace of investments, and a net headwind from pricing and inflation in 2021, decrease margins in the fourth quarter. Sales were up 19% ex. currency and 13% on an organic basis compared to prior year, driven by higher prices and strong volume. As Mitch mentioned, our input costs have continued to rise and supply chains remain tight. We continue to address the cost increases through a combination of product reengineering and pricing, and have announced additional price increases in most of our businesses and regions around the world. Despite the impact of inflation and supply chain disruptions, we delivered a strong adjusted EBITDA margin of 14.9%, down compared to prior year and up 40 basis points compared to 2019. Turning to cash generation allocation, for the year we generated $798 million of free cash flow, up 46% compared to prior year, and 56% compared to 2019. And we invested $272 million in fixed capital and information technology, as we continue to accelerate investment in our high value categories, particularly RFID. And as mentioned previously, our balance sheet remained strong, with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio at year end of 2.2. Our current leverage position gives us ample capacity to continue investing organically, as well as through strategic acquisitions while continue to return cash to shareholders in a disciplined way. During the year, we deployed $1.5 billion for acquisitions, as well as returned $400 million to shareholders through the combination of share repurchases and a growing dividend. Now, let me turn to the segment results for the quarter. Label and Graphic Material sales were up 12% ex. currency and 11% on an organic basis, driven by a high single digit impact from price and higher volume and mix. Growth remain strong in both the high value categories and a base business with both label and packaging materials and graphics and reflective sales up low double digits on an organic basis. Looking at the segment's organic sales growth in the quarter by region, North America sales were up mid-teens. And Western Europe sales were up high single digits despite raw material, labor and freight availability challenges that have continued to cause extended lead times for both of these regions. Overall, emerging market sales were up roughly 10% in the quarter with India and China both up double digits. And while LTM's profitability remained strong adjusted EBITDA margin decrease from last year to 14.5%, as the impact of raising prices reduced the margin by roughly 140 basis points, while the remainder of the decline coming from the impact of the extra week last year in the price cost lag mentioned previously. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions. RBIS sales were up 39% ex. currency and 20% on an organic basis. As growth remained strong in both the high value categories and the base business. The apparel business saw particular strength and performance in premium channels and continued double digit growth in external embellishments. For the quarter, Intelligent Label sales were up more than 20% organically and adjusted EBITDA margin for the segment remained strong at 19%. With the positive benefits from acquisitions and higher volume were offset by growth investments, higher employee related costs and the headwind from prior year temporary cost reduction actions. Turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Material segment, sales increased 12% ex. currency and 10% on an organic basis, adjusted EBITDA margin decreased to 12.9%, which similar to LGM was driven by the impact of raising prices, the impact of the extra week last year and by the price cost timing lag. Now shifting to our outlook for 2022. We anticipate adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $9.35 to $9.75. We've outlined some of the key contributing factors to this guidance on slide 19 of our supplemental presentation materials. We estimate that organic sales growth will be 8% to 11%, reflecting mid to high single digits from higher prices, and low to mid-single digit volume growth, coming up very strong volume growth across the segments in 2021. Based on current rates, currency translation is a roughly three point headwind to reported sales growth, with an estimated $35 million headwind to operating income. This is roughly $15 million worse than we would have expected a quarter ago, given recent changes in exchange rates. On inflation, our outlook assumes the low to mid-teens rate for the full year, with the largest impacts coming in the first half. And we anticipate spending up to $350 million in fixed capital and IT projects as we continue to increase our pace of investment, adding capabilities and new capacity, particularly in key strategic platforms. And we are also investing roughly $35 million in operating expense, principally in intelligent labels, digital capabilities, and sustainability. We expect our tax rate will be in the mid-20s for the full year based on current regulations as well. And lastly, we anticipate earnings growth in 2022 will be back half weighted due to tough comps in the first part of the year, particularly Q1, including the timing of currency headwinds, the price cost lag and the increasing pace of investments. In summary, through this dynamic environment, we are pleased with the strategic and financial progress we've made against our long-term goals in 2021. And we are confident in our ability to continue to deliver exceptional value through our strategies for long-term profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation. Now we'll open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ghansham Panjabi of Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thank you. Hi, everybody and hope everybody's doing well. Great to hear your voice, Mitch. Can you start off by giving us more color on the raw material constraints that you referenced? I think you said it was petrochemicals at one point. And now it's paper and maybe a little bit more on the shipping side. How much do you estimate was the impact on 4Q volumes? And also, what are you embedding for the first quarter of this year? And also, if you could break out the volume components, specifically adjusting to the extra week a year ago for the fourth quarter? And I'm sorry, if I missed that.
Mitch Butier: Yes, Ghansham, thanks for the question. I'll try to cover all those pieces. First of all, I guess, as you said, earlier, in the year, we had more of a challenge in early mid-2021 from petrochemical supply constraints. I think as we move through the first or the fourth quarter, and into the first quarter here in 2022, we've seen more that constraints coming from the paper side, it's a little bit the same on the inflation perspective, as well, we've seen a little bit of easing in petrochemicals in some of the regions, but continue to see some challenges on paper. And particularly in Europe, we've seen more of the constraints, I think in the fourth quarter on paper, some constraints in North America, but a little bit more in Europe, even in Q4. So we're continue to manage through that across the businesses. But that's been a little bit of a trend as I look across the last number of quarters.
Greg Lovins: And just to build on that while the supply chain constraints and related inflation tend to be concentrated in specific industry - regions, I should say. It obviously has a global impact. So just like the Texas storm last March, had an impact most on North America, there was a ripple effect across the region. Right now the paper inflation we're seeing is broad based but principally Europe, and that's obviously having ripple effects elsewhere as well, both on availability as well as inflation.
Mitch Butier: And then Ghansham, I think your other question was on the extra week, so the extra week impact is not in our organic sales number that we're quoting. On a reported sales it was about an 8.5% decline year-over-year from a sales perspective.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay, And then RBIS. If I remember correctly, there was a power production issues because lockdowns of Vietnam that impacted perhaps 3Q. Did that boost 4Q in any material way seems to be quite an acceleration in volumes for that segment after adjusting to the actual week. Thanks.
Mitch Butier: A bit. But if you recall, we were able to offset most of the shortfall in Southeast Asia as far as just the lockdowns that were occurring there by servicing that volume from elsewhere, principally China. So there was a bit of a carryover into Q4. So you do should be looking at the second half a little bit more on an averaging basis for that business. But overall demand is strong in our business and in apparel specifically. And then broadly, intelligent labels and external embellishments, which continue to show great potential and performance. So overall, the demand outlook within RBIS is strong. There are issues right now just replenishing inventories at the end market level. But there's a little bit of that, Ghansham. But most of this, you should look at as a strong demand environment thus far, clearly, there's a lot of questions about what things will look like as we go through 2022. A lot of shifting forecasts out there and so forth. But right now, what we've experienced is a strong demand environment in RBIS.
Operator: The next question comes from George Staphos of Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning, guys. Congratulations on the year. And thanks for all the details. First question is going to be on LGM. So to the extent that you're starting to see more inflation in paper, and sounds like in particular in Europe, does that change at all your positioning from a competitive standpoint, traditionally, Avery has had in my sense more strength when it came to film based, and also in terms of sourcing feedstock on the pet side, but on paper, you obviously don't have quite the same advantages. So does that put you at a little bit more of a disadvantage, then if it was the inflation is coming at the petrochemical side? Why? Why not? And talk about your ability to raise pricing to offset inflation on paper, relative to if it was coming from the chemical side?
Mitch Butier: Yes, so I'll talk about the second question first, George. So we've been raising prices across all the categories here multiple times and across all the regions, and we've been able to pass along the price increase to extent we need them to the extent the productivity and product reengineering, can't cover the rising inflation. And if we look over past cycles and this cycle, we've been pretty much at that constant kind of few months to lag category by category, region by region. So that is very consistent in our ability to pass through remains intact. As far as the competitiveness as far as, so we do have a bit higher share in films and the number of regions and a little bit less than favorite, we're still the industry leader, overall, across all categories. So that is something that we've looked to be able to leverage our size and purchasing capability to continue to be sure that we can maintain supply and so forth. Now, particularly in Europe, there's a few unique dynamics going on there where there is further constraint around paper supplies, which I think are hindering industry at large and clearly raise a question about when those constraints release in Europe, when we'll be able to have the normal supply chain, if you will, on paper good. So I don't think that's as much a competitive issue as it is just a reality of the marketplace. And I say that I think it's important to put in context. If you look over the last 12- month, the magnitude of supply chain constraints we've had, again, starting with what happened in the US last year, with the whole petrochemical industry on the Gulf Coast kind of being shut down and the ripple effects that had through supply chains. The fact that Southeast Asia and parts of South Asia in general were locked down in the third quarter of last year in RBIS. And now this is the challenge of the quarter that we're working through busily to make sure we continue to meet our customers' needs and our end market needs.
George Staphos: Mitch, thanks for that. Just a point of clarification on the answer. Then my second question, is the supply chain issue in Europe largely being triggered by some of the strikes that are occurring at the Finnish paper mills from what you've gathered? Are there other things that are more important? And then the second question, you talk about investing incremental $35 million in intelligent labels, digital capabilities and sustainability, is that capital cost, will there be some or is that mostly P&L effect, and independent of work shows up on your financial statements. Beyond sort of the description you have here, what will Avery get in terms of incremental growth and capabilities in this key category for you going forward in '23 and beyond from that investment? Thank you.
Mitch Butier: Sure. So, two very different questions, I guess I'll start with the second one, $35 million investment, that's essentially all hitting the P&L, George. So that's we lay out CapEx investments, and then the P&L investments. And by and large, those are operating expense investments. And those are all around market development, new innovation, sustainability, all the focus we've highlighted. So this is a ramp up of the level of investment we've had, we've been investing in the future growth of business for a number of years. We stepped it up beginning about three, four years ago, we further accelerated it. And just as we had commented on a year ago, that we've been increasing our pace throughout 2021. And we're doing so again here in 2022. And the returns on this investment are, quite clearly, you're seeing the returns of all of our investments in the intelligent label space for the investments we made a few years ago. And it's just a sign of confidence and all the increasing interactions we're having with various end markets and see tremendous potential for intelligent labels and more. And as far as when these are investments more for the 2023 horizon and beyond. So that's where the investments are coming through. And specifically regarding your question about Europe, and there's a lot of factors, but we're not going to get into any specifics about what might be happening with other companies and so forth. But we're, we see what you see on that front.
Operator: The next question comes from John McNulty, BMO.
John McNulty: Yes, good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. I guess the first one would just be a follow on to the $35 million operating expense, call out that you had around the smart or intelligent labels and sustainability. I guess you've never really specifically called out a number like that before. So I guess my question would be, is it because something's really changed dramatically versus kind of a normal in terms of investment requirements? Or is it more a function of the revenue opportunity that looks like it's coming in over the next couple of years is just that much bigger? So it's worthy of kind of calling out at this point, I guess, how would you articulate that?
Mitch Butier: Yes, so I think one is just the number is larger. And it's been growing, and part of its commensurate with the opportunities that we see. So it's an increase base from what we had in 2021, which was roughly around $25 million or so. And that was an incremental increase of about $10 million from the year before that, and it's just seeding all these opportunities that we see in intelligent labels, but also around increasing our digital capabilities, and so forth. So if you look at this, these incremental investments that we've been making over time, we've been funding them through just running the base business, and if you look at our overall level of SG&A and the gearing around that, and so forth, funding it through productivity, and this is something that is part of our core strategy. If you look at our five strategic pillars, they're all intertwined. And the third pillar is around a relentless focus on productivity. And that's so that we can accelerate our investment in high value categories. And should we continue to invest in productivity to make sure the base is profitably growing, as well as expanding margins. And that's exactly what we're doing.
John McNulty: Got it. And then maybe just a follow up. Can you help us to understand the timing on the payback on an investment like this? Is it six month? Is it two years? Is it five years? Like is there a way for us to think about it just in terms of the spending and the timing of the return on that?
Mitch Butier: Yes, it is a wide array of investments here, the 18 months to 4.5 years is the right time horizon to be thinking about, and some are seeding completely new markets. Others are basically adding new capabilities and a new region for a program or a space that we know works in one region, we're expanding in another and we know very much what the commercialization lifecycle is there.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Given the price increases that you've announced and the cost inflation environment continuing in 1Q, based on what you're seeing right now, do you have a sense of when you might be fully caught up on costs or price cost neutral? And what does that lag sort of look like versus previous cycles? Understanding that we're sort of in an unprecedented situation right now on inflation.
Greg Lovins: Yes, Anthony, so I guess starting with the lag, I think we've been talking about for a few quarters, since we saw the inflation really start to pick up, early to mid-last year, we still expect that lag to be in the quarter to a little more than a quarter of time period. I think as we move to across the last few quarters, at the end of Q2, we had hoped at that point, we might better cover by the end of 2021. We continue to see increasing pace of inflation in Q4, though, as we talked about last quarter, and that came in probably around mid-single digit sequentially, Q3 to Q4, we're continuing to see increase in inflation, Q4 to Q1 also around the mid-single digit level, again, a little bit of a shift towards paper now in Q1 versus what it was last year. So we've continued to increase prices, as we moved across the course of last year, we've continued to announce new increases that took effect late last year or very early this year. So as soon as we see inflation start to stabilize, we'd still say it's a quarter. So for us to be able to close that gap fully.
Mitch Butier: Yes, and just to build on that, I mean, we've, we kept predicting it was a few months out, when we wouldn't be able to narrow and close that gap. But the forecasts that the indices provide, as well as our own outlooks, consistently, there's been more inflation continuing longer than we had anticipated. So whatever your own assumption is around when inflation will abate, assume a few months, a quarter after that is when we would catch up.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. And you indicated, EPS growth for the year would be back half loaded, is it fair to say that 1Q EPS might be down year-over-year? And then in the second half, you accelerate to maybe double digit year-over-year growth? Or is there anything more you can say about the potential cadence of earnings growth as you go through the four quarters of the year?
Greg Lovins: Yes, certainly, as you said, Anthony, Q1 has been more challenged, last year inflation was really just starting in the first quarter. So we just talked about a second ago, we still have a bit of a price inflation gap here in Q1 versus prior year, we also have the biggest currency impact on the year will be in the first quarter, that was the strongest currency rates last year as well. So I think we said about $25 million of the currency headwinds in the first half, and the bulk of that is in Q1 also. At the same time, as we talked about a minute ago, as well, we've been increasing the pace of our investments since the first quarter of last year. So we look at those things, we'll have some volume benefits, of course, year-over-year in Q1 with the continued growth of the business, get a bit of a price inflation gap still in the first quarter. And then the currency headwind and the continued investment. So those are the kind of big buckets, I think about the Q1 [Indiscernible] versus last year.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Spector of UBS.
Josh Spector: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just similar question on the prior lines around investments that you're making. And specifically on CapEx, it's a pretty big step up that you're pointing towards this year. Curious if there's anything in terms of one time made your major investments the next couple of years to think about, or if that's a higher level of organic investment, we should be considering longer term for Avery?
Mitch Butier: If the investments are essentially just to fund our growth and invest for the growth we're, when you keep compounding the level of growth and earnings we've been posting, you're going to have CapEx growing with that. Now, as far as larger investments, specifically, the biggest area of investments or capacity for intelligent labels, as you would expect, and this is comes, there's some elements that come in large chunky bits, such as adding buildings and so forth. And then there's adding the equipment, which is more scalable along the way. So we're looking at adding to our actual manufacturing footprint in 2022, in a couple of locations, we just added Brazil recently, an operation there build out, and we're looking to further expand in each region of the world. Our physical footprint, as well as the equipment capacity. And so that's the biggest thing that maybe it's a step function in 2022, it will bleed in the 2023 for this investment horizon.
Josh Spector: Okay, that's helpful. I just be curious if you would comment, if you're seeing any production impacts now within China, or if your guidance is assuming any further disruption either within China or the rest of Asia, that you're baking into guidance and kind of along with the CapEx question. Are you investing in additional source supplies to deal with, I guess, further impacts or potential disruptions in the future?
Mitch Butier: Yes, so the first question around China, so all of our plants are operational, we're not having any lockdowns or experiencing any of those at the moment. So the things we talked about a quarter ago, we're largely focused in South Asia, Southeast Asia, specifically, those are behind us. In generally and what we're seeing even in China, where there are stricter protocols tend to be more rather than entire industrial zones, and so forth. It's kind of company by company, or really even plant by plant when they do execute something. So we're not getting any collateral impacts, if you will, from other things that may be happening, but it's not as I'd say as stringent as what we maybe saw just nine months ago, within that country. So as far as in our guidance, the way we look at it is even if there's a lockdown for a couple of weeks, or something that impacts a plant, that can have an impact on revenue immediately, but it doesn't affect end demand. And so we still are see our ability that there will be any inventory in the system will be used up for a period of time, then we will go through overtime and extra shifts to catch up and keep the supply chains running. So that's not a real big impact overall on our guidance.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeffrey Zekauskas of J.P. Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. In the quarter, what was the amount of raw materials that you couldn't recover by price? Was it about $40 million? And is that number getting bigger in the first quarter? Or is it getting smaller as best as you can tell?
Greg Lovins: Yes, I don't know. I mean we didn't quote specifically what the gap was, we still had a gap in Q4 when we look versus prior year. I guess if I look across the last few quarters, as we said we had about 20% inflation in the fourth quarter. And from a pricing perspective, we talked last quarter, we had about five points of price in Q3. And as we said, here in Q4, we had in LGM high single or very high single digit inflation in the fourth quarter. So we're starting to get closer to cover that. But we still do have a gap year-over-year, and we expect to have a little bit of gap in Q1 as we talked about earlier as well.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: So is the gap getting bigger? Or is it getting smaller? And then for my second question, in your slides for intelligent labels. You've got a split now between apparel and non-apparel at 25:75. What was that split a year ago? And is the change in that split due to the Vestcom acquisition? Whatever the change is? And are the growth rates of the apparel and the non-apparel piece the same, one is growing faster than other? What's happening there?
Mitch Butier: Sure. So Jeff, just quick answer to your first question. Generally, the pace is roughly the same, the pace of inflation is higher, and the pace of price increases are the same. So as far as the dollar gap roughly the same. As far as intelligent labels, a 75:25 split. No, that's not from the Vestcom acquisition. As far as any shifts, we did have a shift, we were at 90:10, split pre the Smartrac acquisition, and then Smartrac had a bigger presence outside of apparel. And so that's what moved was the biggest single fuel step functions shift in the mix between those two. And over time, yes, that has and we expect continue to the apparel to be a bit smaller percentage of a much larger pie. And so that's what we are seeing. And that's what you should expect to see. Now we're not going to share every single point differential, and so forth for strategic reasons, we will show more the large proportionality of the portfolio. And so the last part of your question, yes, we would expect intelligent labels for food and logistics to be growing faster than what we're seeing for apparel. Apparel, as I said, in dollar terms will continue to be the majority of the growth for the coming few years. On percentage basis, the other categories will be growing faster. And then on dollar basis, we expect that to be the biggest growth driver post the 2025 horizon. So that's, we are seeing multiple horizons of growth and opportunity here and seeing a lot of great interest, potential and performance in apparel, adjacent to apparel, so apparel customers moving into new adjacent categories, such as home goods, and so forth, and then obviously in food as I shared the story and logistics and elsewhere so.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Josephson, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Adam Josephson: Mitch, Greg and John. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Mitch, you described almost this rolling supply chain crisis earlier first in the US and then in Southeast Asia and now in Europe, just wondering what exactly is embedded in your guidance as far as when this you expect this European situation to resolve itself. I know the strikes are supposed to go on for another month or so. But it's been one thing after another. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about the situation and how much longer lasting you expected to be and why?
Mitch Butier: Well, we're not going to predict specifically when any specific matter end even the supply chain constraints around, look at what happened with the Texas storm, we actually, the limitations constraints on supply for from just that event didn't end until sometime in the fourth quarter. And so it's just leveraging global supply networks to be able to manage around all that. And so if you look specifically at this paper range of guidance assumes that this is we're going to continue to have constraints but in Q1 and a little bit going overall on Q, I'm sorry, in H1. And that's what our range of guidance assumes overall. So if you look at our range of guidance from what Greg had shared around volume growth of low to mid-single digits, and you consider how much intelligent labels is adding, basically our volume growth assumption for right now for LPM is low single digits at the moment. And so we think the part of that is going to be just because of some inventory that is in the system, as well as the Q1, just where we are both from constraints, but also just tough comps situation overall, if you look at the volumes of where we were the past couple of years in Q1, they were quite high. And so from that perspective, that's built in as well. So still expect LGM to be GDP plus, overall, the whole company, obviously the GDP plus. And that's what our expectations are, the biggest questions are really what do you say expecting around the macro?
Adam Josephson: I appreciate that. And just one on that LPM volume growth, you mentioned low single digit, can you just compare that to what you've seen thus far. And then also just give us some flavor of what you're expecting by region? Along those lines this year, obviously, China has had its difficulties, Brazil's having its difficulties, Europe's got, obviously an energy crisis it's dealing with. So can you just talk about what you're seeing geographically in that - in the context of that low single digit expectation for LPM?
Mitch Butier: Yes, so as far as what we're expecting, what we're seeing already, you're asking, I mean the order pattern, we always, so the start of the year, the order patterns are not very meaningful because of the timing of Lunar New Year. And so a big portion of our growth is affected by that. And so that's something that doesn't make it very meaningful. If you look within what we're seeing in North America and Europe specifically, we basically are seeing high demand high level of order patterns. And our actual output is what roughly within the targeted range that we're talking about here.
Operator: The next question comes from Paretosh Misra of Berenberg Capital Markets.
Paretosh Misra: Thank you. Thanks for the slide 9, where you provided this engagements pie chart. Can you give us some sense as to how much this number of engagements increased versus let's say a year ago?
Mitch Butier: Yes, so we're not quoting the number of engagements anymore. Partially just because it's, you got very large engagements and smaller specialty engagements in there, it's more to show the magnitude of how the pipeline looks relative to our current revenue. And where you can see the increasing activity, great activity within apparel, continued pipeline there as well as broader pipeline activity going outside of apparel. So generally we saw significant growth, as we talked about in the pipeline overall, particularly in 2020 throughout the early stages of the pandemic, and early 2021, we purposely shifted our focus to not feeding the pipeline as much as far as more so working through the pipeline. So we've seen a significant shift of pipeline activity moving from business case into custom programs, moving into pilots, and so forth. And that is having the, yes, expected outcome overall, just things moving through the pipeline, which is why we're expecting the growth on percentage terms to continue to be bigger outside of apparel as compared to what it is in apparel. We still see significant dollar growth from apparel itself in 2022.
Paretosh Misra: Thanks for the color, Mitch, and just as a follow up and sticking with RFID just curious how you're managing the chip supply issues. Did you see much inflation in chip pricing last year?
Mitch Butier: So just as far as the supply chain, I mean, we are, yes, we're completely confident in our ability to hit the 15% to 20% growth that we have targeted long term for this business in 2022. The high end of that to be specifically that we've secured the supply. We're seeing a lot of from a demand side, we probably could even go a little bit more than that. But we are right now just real time evaluating what are the chip availability through 2022. If you look at our own assessment, and just broader assessments, the dynamics easing a bit, and I think we'll have a lot more insight here in the next three to six months. So that is a not a constraint to growth of hitting our 15% to 20% goal. But as far as some of the larger programs we're working on, so forth, those will probably have to be phased a little bit more 2023 given the situation. So given our industry leadership position, we're working with all the key players throughout the supply chain on chips. And we are, yes, working with them to make sure there's ample supply for us as well as the industry at large. So that's something that we are working through and again, comfortable hit our number this year and continue to see the 15% to 20% growth over the long term. As far as pricing, yes, there has been some inflation on chips as well. And we are also repricing our own RFID and lays outbound accordingly.
Operator: The next question comes from Christopher Kapsch of Loop Capital Markets.
Christopher Kapsch: Yes, thank you. So my question is focused on the LGM business. First, there's been some consolidation on the pressure sensitive label stock space recently. So I'm just curious about your perception of that. With the consolidation that's gone on there, create a competitor that would, I guess, influence the otherwise benign, competitive dynamic. And then the second one is just industry checks have suggested to me that the industries, that industry is pretty tight in terms of meeting customer demand, one might even characterize maybe customers on allocation. Just curious if you would characterize it that way? And if it's - if this is a dynamic that's only in North America, are you seeing that other regions? And is it would you say, if that is an accurate characterization would you say it's more a function of these logistics and supply chain constraints? Or are more a function of just, kind of robust demand? So there's a few in there, but thank you.
Mitch Butier: Sure, Chris. Yes, as far as the consolidation, I mean, there's been some consolidation in the last few years in a couple different places, whether it's in Europe or North America, we don't see a significant shift in the overall industry dynamics as a result of that, for your first question. And as far as your industry checks about, maybe some allocations at the converter level, and so forth. I mean basically, yes, so demand is high. And we expect demand, I mean, just the increased consumption of consumer packaged goods has increased quite significantly, we expect that to be an increased trend - that increased trend to continue. We've talked about the increase in ecommerce and just variable information labels. We see that as an acceleration of a long-term growth trend that has occurred over the last couple years and see that continue. So demand, basically accelerated within a short period of time. And the industry at large is keeping pace with that. If you then add in the supply chain constraints, that limit supply, but I think the industry and ourselves as well, I think you're talking about specifically North America, but have been able to manage through a lot of that. But those headlines create concerns, which then have people order more and order more than maybe they even need, which is why I commented that we believe that some of the growth could be from inventory building downstream from us. So there seems just as we've got higher inventories. It's due to the constraints as well as inflationary pressures. People throughout the value chain tend to buy a little bit early, just before a price increase and build some inventories. And then just the, I would say, panic ordering to make sure people are in the queue because they know that lead times for ourselves, and I've commented on this in previous quarters, as well as other players in the industry are getting longer. They're placing the orders even longer, as well. So you see the industry responding in various ways, such as just saying, the order patterns can differ too much from your previous order patterns and so forth, just to make sure that we are, yes, appropriately managing demand.
Christopher Kapsch: That's helpful. I appreciate it. So it sounds like that particular dynamic is one that's concentrated in North America.
Mitch Butier: North America and Europe.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America.
George Staphos: Thanks. Two quick follow on, thanks for taking them guys. There have been some announcements recently in the trade press about some of the logistics and trade companies talking even more positively about RFID. And its application to their business. I recognize you're probably seeing some benefits here is certainly a focus area for you. Can you stack rank, aside from apparel, the end markets, in terms of the uptick, the growth the pipeline, as it's looking, as we go out over the next four to five quarters? Are you seeing a material pickup in the implementation in the pipeline, and the trial of RFID and smart labels in freight and logistics? And I had a quick knit type question on LGM.
Mitch Butier: Yes, we're actually seeing I'd say that the momentum and energies somewhat equal between food and logistics, and but answering your question specifically around logistics, we've already are selling our solutions specifically in areas around hazardous materials, working with certain targeted areas for helping get through customs and so forth at the border. And we are working with a number of logistics players, including some of the large ones about how to drive further automation and so forth across their network. So there's quite a bit of activity, often what happens and so when I talked about the pipeline, one of the steps in the pipeline is around custom solution. So that would be like dealing with the hazardous materials. And that sounds worse than its batteries that you have to have certain protocols around. So for how you handle battery, so you'll adopt within a specific category initially while piloting on a broader base, and then eventually look to see how you adopt broader base so that the pilots I would say are, yes, that the whole pipeline each stage is active. And we're currently working in multiple geographies, by the way, so this is a US, Europe and in China, pipeline that we're currently working.
George Staphos: Mitch, I want to say that I saw a comment from one of these companies suggesting that if they could, if it was possible, they would consider using smart labels on RFID on the majority of their parcels, is that something that's being talked about? I wouldn't say uniformly but increasingly, or is that more fantasmic at this stage? And we're looking at 5 to 10 years there? And then just the follow up question on LGM, kind of a knit question. When I look at the percentage of total, that's high value this year for '21 versus last year, it ticked down just a little bit, is that just the math of it, you saw more pricing on your lower value added items, hence, they moved up to a greater degree. And so therefore, they're a higher percentage of the mix than they were last year or is there something else going on in your mix of business that you need to correct? Thanks, guys, and good luck on the quarter.
Mitch Butier: Yes, so as far as the logistics opportunity around intelligent labels and RFID, this is something that, yes, I mean, if you think about a future, the question is when does that materialize? It's around the big opportunity, once you get past these specific niche programs, like haz mat I mentioned earlier, is really across the entire network. And if you think through currently, you got a lot of dissimilar packages a high degree of in shape and size, obviously, high degree of skewed complexity. And right now they're doing it through scanning, visual scanning of barcodes. And some of that can be automated through conveyor belts, but a lot of it does also through handhelds, and so forth, and a lot of labor involved. So as you look at the overall objectives of supply chains in general, and the logistics providers, it's around speed, and lower cost, higher volume, faster and lower cost. And so that's where technology is being looked to and our technology solutions built around RFID are a key enabler of that. So those are very large unit programs. So the question is, how does - how do you ramp up towards that and so forth? And we're engaging with as you would expect, we're engaging with many players in the industry around this.
Greg Lovins: Yes, George, I think in your other question, over time, we consistently continue to look at and refine our view of high value and base and you look at things like specially labeled products that start out, especially grow over time and move to the base. So we continue to reevaluate that over time. And obviously over the last couple of years, we've seen strong growth and kind of based on consumer packaged goods and ecommerce driven growth as well. So I think it's a combination of those things.
Operator: And at this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mitch Butier for any closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Mitch Butier: All right, well, thank you all for joining. Just want to reiterate we remain confident in the consistent execution of our strategies, will enable us to continue to meet our long-term goals and make progress each and every year along the way. And I once again want to thank our entire team for their efforts and continue to focus on the success of all of our stakeholders. Thank you very much.
Operator: This does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Avery Dennisons Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter Ended on October 2, 2021. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from noon Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, October 30th. To access the replay, please dial 1-800-633-8284. For international callers, please dial 402-977-9140. The conference ID number is 21969421. I would now like to turn the conference over to John Eble, Avery Dennisons Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Eble: Thank you, Frans. Please note that throughout todays discussion, well be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A4 to A10 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release. We remind you that well make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the safe harbor statement included in todays earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ill now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, John, and good day, everyone. Im pleased to report we delivered another strong quarter. Our two primary businesses achieved impressive top and bottom line growth, and momentum in our Intelligent Labels platform continues. We are in a higher demand environment that comes at a time of continued and increasing challenges. The ramping up of COVID infections and restrictions in some countries, continued supply chain challenges and additional inflationary pressures are passing the industry, our customers and our teams. The biggest challenges have been in LGM North America due to raw material shortages and labor and capacity constraints and in RBIS Vietnam, where output was significantly constrained in the quarter due to COVID restrictions. While we are encouraged by recent trends in these businesses as weve been able to increase output in recent weeks, the supply chain constraints continue. As for inflation, the pressures continue to increase. We previously expected some abatement in raw material input costs towards the end of the year whereas we now expect additional inflation in Q4 as well as Q1 of next year. Now, for context on the magnitude of the inflation, in our materials businesses alone, we will be exiting this year with annualized inflation of more than $600 million. Thats a nearly 20% increase, a rate we have not seen in decades. We are thus in the midst of another round of price increases. Despite these hurdles, we continue to achieve impressive results. The team is doing a tremendous job managing through these compounding challenges, focusing on keeping our teams safe and delivering for our customers. Now, a brief recap of the segments. Label and Graphic Materials posted strong top line growth for the quarter, overcoming the challenges I just highlighted, as demand for consumer packaged goods and e-commerce trends continue to drive strong volume growth in our Label and Packaging Materials business, while growth in our Graphics and Reflective Solutions business continues to rebound. LGMs profitability remained strong, though margins were down from last year due to the increasing inflationary headwinds and higher cost in the quarter from the supply chain constraints. Given the increasing inflationary pressures, we have redoubled our efforts on material reengineering and, as I mentioned previously, are raising prices again. Retail Branding and Information Solutions delivered strong revenue growth in the quarter and continued to expand margins significantly. The segment grew 22% on a constant currency basis and 14% organically, driven by strength in both, high-value product categories as well as the core apparel business. Impressive performance is despite the significant constraint in South Asia, where we have major manufacturing hubs, once again demonstrating the advantages of our global manufacturing network. Intelligent Labels sales, enterprise-wide, were up 15% in the quarter, and we are on track for approximately 30% organic growth for the year versus 2020 and 40% versus 2019, towards the higher end of our long-term target. As expected, the continued strong growth in our RFID business was primarily driven by apparel. Applications outside of apparel, particularly food and logistics, grew faster than the average, though obviously off of a small base. And in Q3, we also closed the acquisition of Vestcom, a business that further expands our position in high-value categories and has the potential to further advance our Intelligent Labels strategy. In the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment, sales continued to rebound off prior year lows and were up relative to 2019 by 11% on a constant currency basis. As for margins, they are down as inflationary pressures [Technical Difficulty] and costs from supply chain disruptions have impacted the segment to a greater degree than LGM. Overall, I am pleased with the progress were making as a company on our long-term strategies while also executing in the near term. We are providing superior service to our customers despite the challenging environment, keeping our teams safe and engaged, ramping up investments for the long term and ensuring we continue to deliver for our shareholders. Given our strong performance in the quarter, we have raised our outlook for the year, now anticipating earnings growth of roughly 25% over last years record and are on track to achieve all of our five-year company-wide goals that we established in early 2017. With that, Ill now hand it over to Greg.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, Mitch, and hello, everybody. We delivered another strong quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $2.14, up 12% over prior year and up 29% compared to 2019, driven by significant revenue growth and strong margins. Sales were up 17% ex-currency and 14% on an organic basis compared to prior year, driven by strong volume across the portfolio and higher prices. We also delivered strong growth compared to 2019, with organic sales up 10% versus two years ago. As Mitch mentioned, our supply chains remain tight and input costs have continued to rise. Both, raw material and freight inflation were above our expectations for the quarter, and weve continued [Technical Difficulty] as we enter the fourth quarter. We continue to address the cost increases through a combination of product reengineering and pricing and have announced additional price increases in most of our businesses and regions across the world. Despite the impact of inflation, supply chain disruptions and the headwind of last years temporary cost reduction actions, we delivered a strong adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.4%, down 70 basis points from last year and up 120 basis points compared to 2019. Turning to cash generation and allocation. Year-to-date, weve generated $639 million of free cash flow, up over $251 million in the third quarter. Thats up significantly compared to previous years, driven by our strong net income growth and working capital productivity. And we closed the Vestcom acquisition in the quarter for a total purchase price of roughly $1.45 billion. To fund the acquisition, we used the net proceeds from an $800 million senior note offering in August, along with cash and commercial paper. Additionally, in the first three quarters of the year, we returned a total of $290 million in cash to shareholders, through $164 million in dividends and the repurchase of over 700,000 shares at an aggregate cost of $126 million. Our balance sheet continues to be strong with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.3 at quarter end, at the bottom end of our long-term target leverage range. This gives us significant capacity to continue the disciplined execution of our capital allocation strategy. Now, turning to the segment results. Label and Graphic Materials sales were up 15% ex-currency and 14% on an organic basis, driven by strong volume and roughly 5 points from higher prices. Compared to 2019, sales were up 11% on an organic basis. Label and Packaging Materials sales were up roughly 15% organically, with strong volume growth in both, the high-value product categories and the base business. Graphics and Reflective sales were up 11% organically. And looking at the segments organic sales growth in the quarter by region, North America sales were up low double digits despite raw material availability challenges that have continued to create extended lead times. Western Europe grew more than 20%, partially due to easier comps given the impact of the pandemic we saw in Q3 last year. With that said, the business was still up double digits versus 2019. And overall, emerging market sales were up low double digits in the quarter with double-digit growth in both, ASEAN and Latin America and mid-single-digit growth in China. While LGMs profitability remained strong, adjusted EBITDA margin decreased from last year to 15.9%. This was partially driven by the increased inflationary pressures and the impact of supply constraints, which led to some incremental costs in the quarter such as expedited freight and overtime to minimize disruptions to customers. And as you know, our goals are to deliver GDP-plus growth and top quartile returns on capital with a focus on driving EVA. Our approach to price increases and material reengineering is designed to do just that as we look to offset higher material costs on a dollar basis by the end of an inflationary cycle. However, the revenue base from such price increases alone, especially at the magnitude we are seeing in the back half of this year, reduces operating margin on a percentage basis with no impact to returns. This pricing impact led to a reduction in operating margin by roughly 0.75-point in the third quarter. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions. RBIS sales were up 22% ex-currency and 14% on an organic basis, as growth remains strong in both, the high-value categories and the base business, due in part to lower prior year comps. Compared to 2019, organic growth was up 9%. The apparel business saw a particular strength in the performance and premium channels and continued double-digit growth in external embellishments. As Mitch mentioned, Intelligent Labels sales were up organically, roughly 15% and up about 40% compared to 2019. Adjusted operating margin for the segment increased to 13.8% as the benefits from higher volume and productivity more than offset the headwind from prior year temporary cost reduction actions, higher employee-related costs and growth investments. The RBIS team is continuing to deliver in this high-growth, high-margin business. Turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment. Sales increased 20% ex-currency and 15% on an organic basis, reflecting strong growth in both, the industrial and healthcare categories. Compared to 2019, sales were up 6% on an organic basis. Adjusted operating margin decreased to roughly 10%, as the benefit from higher volume was more than offset by the net impact of pricing, higher freight and raw material costs and higher employee-related costs. Freight, in particular, had an outsized impact on IHM in the quarter, given the significant increases in global shipping costs. Now, shifting to our outlook for 2021. We have raised our guidance for adjusted earnings per share to be between $8.80 and $8.95, a roughly $0.08 increase to the midpoint of the range. And we now anticipate roughly 15% organic sales growth for the full year, at the high end of our previous range, reflecting strong volume growth and the impact from higher prices. Weve outlined some of the key -- the other key contributing factors to this guidance on slide 12 of our supplemental presentation materials. In particular, the impact of the extra week in the fourth quarter of 2020 and the resulting calendar shift will be a headwind to reported sales growth of roughly 8 points in the fourth quarter this year with a roughly $0.30 EPS headwind. The anticipated tailwind from currency translation is now $30 million in operating income for the full year, based on current rates. Most of this benefit came in the first half and will thus create a headwind as we go into 2022, if rates stay where they are now. And we expect a modest EPS benefit from Vestcom in 2021, net of purchase accounting amortization, which we estimate to be nearly $60 million on an annualized basis and net of financing costs. [Technical Difficulty] target over $700 million of free cash flow this year, up significantly from previous years. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter in a challenging environment, and we remain on track to deliver on our long-term objectives to achieve GDP-plus growth and top quartile returns on capital, which together drives sustained growth in EVA. We will now open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Company. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi: I guess starting with RBIS and some of the production issues, a lot of your customers have talked about on the consumer side in Vietnam and just Southeast Asia more broadly. How are you sort of able to navigate through that dynamic? Do you start to see sort of a flex across your different production footprints, et cetera, as order flow moved? Or just more insight on that dynamic would be helpful.
Mitch Butier: Yes, absolutely, Ghansham. So, its exactly what you just said. So, it was -- Vietnam is whats getting a lot of the press and headlines that definitely had the biggest impact. But throughout the pandemic, theres actually been different regions that have been impacted more than others, and weve been flexing the global manufacturing network to help offset that. And so, specifically here, if youre asking about Vietnam, we are able to leverage specifically China to be able to service that demand in Vietnam. Still impacted growth by a couple of points overall. Question is how much of that is just end demand that wont happen now because the retailers and apparel brand owners wont be able to fulfill more end consumer demand or not. But it had an impact of a couple of points is what we estimate, but we were able to -- it would have been larger than that, had we not sourced from China.
Ghansham Panjabi: Got it. And then, just for my second question on inflation. I mean, inflation has been building all year for many different supply chains, including yours, I guess what surprised you incrementally over the past three months, which specific categories and which regions are you seeing the most inflation? And also, did 3Q benefit from any sort of material pre-buy as customers kind of positioned for these incremental inflations? Thanks.
Mitch Butier: Yes. Thanks, Ghansham. Overall, I think weve seen inflation continue to increase really across the category. So, I dont think its zeroed in one particular place. Weve seen chemicals, adhesives, the film and resin components continue to increase. And then, I think in the third quarter, as we expected, we started to see some increase in paper, particularly in Europe. So, I think weve seen the acceleration in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter here really across the different component categories. I think the biggest regions where were seeing the largest inflation is probably both, in North America and Europe. And North America really started late last year, as you recall, with some of the chemical increases, and thats continue to grow as we move through this year and then Europe continued shortly after that with paper really kicking in here in the third quarter. Its been the biggest sequential increase.
Mitch Butier: And as far as pre-buys on your question on that, we didnt see -- we dont really detect much pre-buys in the Q3 from Q4. We did accelerate and get a bit more benefit from pricing in the quarter purely because we just accelerated some actions there. As we look at within Q4, its hard to get a good read on the fourth quarter just because of the price increases weve announced in some regions for November 1, which is causing some pre-buys here in October, but it doesnt have any inter-quarter movements, if you will, Ghansham.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Is there a way to think about the timeline for possibly rebalancing price cost in LGM based on the commodity inflation youre seeing and the pricing actions youve taken? And then, just understanding the market is extremely dynamic and its tough to say, is there anything that you could say about how your LGM market share position has maybe fared in the current environment?
Greg Lovins: Yes. So, on your first question, Anthony, I think when we look at a quarter ago, I think our communication view was that we thought by the end of the year, wed be looking to close the price inflation gap essentially and weve continued to see accelerated inflation. So, were looking at somewhere kind of low to mid-single-digit further inflation from Q3 to Q4. And now, were implementing additional pricing actions. So, I think, our view is that it takes us a few months, 3 to 4 months to pass pricing or reengineer some materials to take cost out to manage the inflation. So, when we start to see inflation stabilize 3 or 4 months after that is probably when we expect to be able to cover that on an ongoing basis.
Mitch Butier: Yes. And from your share question, so overall, markets remain relatively strong in North America and Europe, and from a share [Technical Difficulty] pretty stable. We dont have share data yet on the most recent. We think its relatively flat in some regions and up -- maybe up sequentially and other regions just stable. Specifically, North America, weve called out in the past, weve seen some sequential improvement, we believe, but were not quite where we want to be yet. But expect we will be there in the next couple of quarters.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. Thats helpful. And then, is it possible to specify either the financial or the volume impact of the North American labor issues that you referenced? Are those primarily with a group of customers or within Avery? And do those kind of linger in 4Q? Are they better or worse exiting October versus what you saw in 3Q?
Mitch Butier: Its more about just the ability to meet surges in demand. And so, the ability to flex when demand suddenly -- you see peaks temporarily and so forth. So, its primarily impacted our service lead times which are consistent with what were seeing across the industry, our lead times being longer than they usually are, which is what the whole industry is seeing. Thats what the driver is really. So, its not really particular number. Yes, weve got a bigger backlog. We dont know how much of that is true end demand versus maybe inventory building or people getting into queue just to make sure theyve gotten allocation of future manufacturing. So, overall, I think the key message here is the markets remain -- good growth in the end markets, particularly in North America and Europe. So, the gains that we -- the market achieved last year when the pandemic first hit, have been held and then were seeing incremental growth from there. And yes, its putting a bit of a strain on the lead times across the industry.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: First question I wanted to ask is around what youre doing to offset inflation. Good companies play to their strengths and advantages during periods of stress to gain position, to gain share. As you think about LGM versus RBIS and you think about the broad buckets, reengineering and cost versus commercial and price versus, I dont know, new products and innovation, how would you say that sort of mix varies in terms of how youre behaving in the market, LGM versus RBIS? I know LGM is heavy on the reformulation and pricing. And then, the second question related to it is, is there a horizon, is there a practical limit where you really cant do any further reformulation where certainly the incremental benefit isnt what weve been seeing this year and in prior years, which would mean that youd have to raise pricing further? And is there a practical limit in terms of how much more pricing you can get before you would worry about the strong demand? Thank you, guys.
Mitch Butier: Sure, George. So, your first question, which was talking about the relative levers within between RBIS and LGM as an example. I mean, first off, the inflation is much larger in LGM. Our levers within that -- all of our businesses are one, just our relentless focus on productivity is both focusing on variable costs, so things like innovating material reengineering and so forth, [Technical Difficulty] restructuring. So, touching on both of those, as you highlighted. The material reengineering is more to do within the materials businesses, as youd expect. You asked, are there limits to that within a given time period. Yes, there are some limits to that. But, over the long horizon, we continue to have a pretty consistent ability to deliver material cost out, we call it, every single year, and weve been doing that for decades. So, I dont see a long-term limit to that, but definitely a short cycle, theres some limits to what we can do there, which then you move to pricing. Within RBIS, theyre having some inflation as well, not nearly the magnitude that were seeing within materials. And there, weve been raising prices as well. Its a little bit of a different impact because every year, theres a different program, just the way that industry works, and so youre constantly kind of re-pricing for new programs going from different designs of information and branding solutions for the apparel and retailers out there. And then, last thing Ill say is just restructuring. Thats been a consistent focus of ours. In times when that are relatively coned, thats when you want to focus on the restructuring as weve been doing over the years. We accelerated a lot of restructuring, as you know, into last year, and so were in a position of strength right now. When youre in a high-volume environment, thats when you taper back a bit of your restructuring. So, long term, thats something thats going to be a key lever for ours -- of ours across the portfolio. But clearly, we accelerated some of our actions in the last year from what we have here on the near horizon.
George Staphos: Just on the pricing side, is there a point at which youd start to worry about pressure-sensitive materials being replaced by something else in the market? I dont know what it would be, but nonetheless, youve had a lot of inflation. Youve had to raise pricing. Does there come a point where your customers cant bear any further pricing? Thank you.
Mitch Butier: Youre welcome. No, the pricing is broad-based. So, its not just industry specific, is my point. So, regardless of what labeling solutions youre looking at, there is just inflation that is extremely broad-based. And its even outside obviously of packaging materials. So, when you think about the cost of packaging, its pretty small relative to overall cost of the packaged goods. So, I think generally, what youre seeing when you see whats going on in the macro around increasing inflation, labor constraints, it actually further heightens the need around information solutions labels, whether that be classic barcode labels or RFID and intelligent labels. And so, we think its just going to -- while there are inflationary pressures, it also further increases the business case for a lot of the solutions that weve been focusing on and investing in.
Operator: Our next question is from John McNulty with BMO. Please go ahead.
John McNulty: On the Intelligent Label front, admittedly, the 15% that you hit is kind of in your long-term range of 15% to 20%. But admittedly, its a bit lower than I think what we were expecting just based on a bunch of channel checks throughout the industry. So, I guess, anything constraining your ability to deliver in terms of the volumes throughout this quarter in the Intelligent Label side that we should be thinking about?
Mitch Butier: Yes. Thanks, John. So, I mean, each quarter, youre going to have movement up and down from within that range. Overall, if you look year-to-date and then what were looking at for the full year, were looking at growth of 30% for the full year. And thats obviously with a little bit easier comp, roughly 10% last year. So, youre looking at basically compounded annual growth of 18%, which is at the higher end of our range, of our 15% to 20%. So, we feel good with where we are. Now, specifically, your question about constraints. Yes, we were constrained. The challenges in South Asia referenced, we had Vietnam. So, our Intelligent Labels, a biggest portion of that, 75% is for apparel with the constraints we saw in Vietnam, just as I mentioned, for RBIS overall, impacted the Intelligent Labels businesses by a couple of points. As well as in Malaysia in the middle of the quarter, it was just a couple of weeks, but Malaysia had a lot of lockdowns, and thats where we have one of our RFID inlay manufacturing plants. So, definitely, a bit of a constraint, but overall, we feel good with where we are and how were trending and how the pipeline is developing.
John McNulty: Got it. No, thats helpful color. And then, I guess, the other question would just be on the free cash flow front. I mean, you already generated a huge amount so far at whatever it was 632, I think it was. 4Q normally is a big windfall kind of quarter for you as well in terms of free cash, I guess. Should we be thinking about it differently just given all the raw material inflation and things like that, or is -- can 4Q kind of be the big acumen that it normally is? How should we be thinking about that?
Greg Lovins: Yes, I think theres a couple of things. So one is our CapEx year-to-date is a bit lower than we would have expected coming into the year. For the full year, were probably still around what our initial expectations would have been. But, just given supply chain challenges and some things getting delayed from an equipment production perspective, building perspective, things like that, we expect to have more CapEx here in Q4. And we normally do, but I think probably more relative to the first three quarters than what we normally would have. So, thats one driver. So overall, I think our view is that weve got about $630 million, as you said, year-to-date, our target is to deliver over $700 million Were very confident in that and thats still about $150 million more than last year, which was a record free cash flow year for us. So, we feel very good about the trajectory here and our ability to continue driving strong free cash flow.
Operator: Our next question is from Josh Spector with UBS Securities. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector: So, in the third quarter, I mean, you guys did a really good job holding margins flat sequentially in spite of what you earlier called out as high single-digit raws inflation quarter-to-quarter. Just curious what was the biggest factor that helped you achieve that in the third quarter? And I think your guidance for fourth quarter reflects about a 50 basis-point sequential margin decline. So, whats different about what you think you can achieve here in the fourth quarter versus last quarter?
Greg Lovins: Yes. I think overall, as you said, part of what you see when you look at the segments is some improvements in RBIS, particularly sequentially Q2 to Q3. And in the materials businesses where we saw a little bit more of the sequential inflation in the third quarter, is where we saw a little bit of sequential decline Q2 to Q3. So, I think overall, a big part of that overall flatness was really driven by the strengthening of RBIS from Q2 to Q3. So, we look at Q3 to Q4, we expect to continue delivering strong margins in the RBIS segment. We did talk about having further sequential inflation that were now working through passing prices through. So, that would be a little bit more of a gap in the fourth than what we would have expected before as well.
Josh Spector: Okay. Thanks. Thats helpful. And just on the RFID side, UPS specifically talked about more RFID adoption in their parcels. Just wondering if you could comment if thats a project one that youre involved with. And two, can you size that opportunity, if not specifically for UPS as a customer, but maybe the North America parcel market, if adoption was taken up at the rate that UPS is discussing? And does this change any of your view about some of the medium-term adoptions as I think you still talk about retail being the biggest opportunity for the next few years?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So, weve got a number of -- Im not going to comment on anything specific, any specific program were working through, but we are working with all of the major logistics players. And a lot of it is -- specifically as you normally see starting out with targeted areas where the biggest challenge is the need for automation are. And so, weve got a number of programs, and thats part of that. Im going to talk about the revenue growth being above the average from a very small base that relates to those programs and logistics. And as far as adopting across the entire network, which we see significant opportunity just when you think about the amount of automation required and trying to reduce costs, but also increase speed. We see that this technology, RFID and our broader intelligent label solutions as being a key enabler to helping companies achieve that. So, you asked what can the size of the market be? We shared some information in our March Investor Day. You can look at it. But simply, you can just look at a number of parcels that are out there. So, if you think about individual companies when they ultimately fully adopt what the magnitude that can be.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: I think, in your slides, you talk about $600 million of annualized inflation. But, you also say that for the year, your annual inflation is about 10%. So, if $600 million is 20%, then 10% is $300 million. And $300 million would be offset by, I dont know, 4% across the board price increase. Are your prices up that much, or are you in the hole by, I dont know, $50 million or $70 million in raw material costs this year. Can you size that?
Greg Lovins: Sure, Jeff. So I think, in general, directionally, youre right. I think, when we look at pricing, as I said, here in the third quarter in LGM specifically, and were talking mostly LGM here when were talking about that $600 million and 20% -- LGM and IGM, I should say. We had about 5 points of price in Q3 as part of the LGM growth rate there. In the fourth quarter, we expect that to be a little bit higher year-over-year as weve been implementing prices in the third quarter and some new increases that take effect at some point in Q4. So, yes, we still have a gap, as weve talked about from a margin perspective overall, between price and inflation. But certainly, that pricing percentage continues to grow as we move through the year.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. And so, propylene has already fallen and probably polyethylene is going to be down, I dont know, a few cents a pound in October. Maybe its going to go down $0.05 a pound for the next 3 or 4 months. But, what you said is you thought that your inflation would be not only higher in the fourth quarter, which I understand, but in the first quarter, why would it be higher in the first quarter of 22, as a base case?
Greg Lovins: Yes. And Im talking sequentially. So, I think just youve seen things progress that we exited Q3 and entered Q4, so that will create a little bit of incremental impact in the first quarter, the first part of the first quarter I guess.
Mitch Butier: Part of it, Jeff, is just the first 1.5 months it stays in your inventory and then it slowly bleed through to the P&L. So, its just a delayed effect of when we actually get the inflation. The other thing Ill say is, I know theres an outlook as far as what might be happening over the coming months. I think, us and the entire industry kind of got that wrong a quarter ago, where there was an expected abatement here in Q4, and weve been seeing incremental inflationary pressures. So, we tend to just look out a few months and look to see whats there and what do we expect and try to evaluate capacity additions and whats going on in the macro to help shape beyond that. But I think were in a pretty uncertain environment. So, were not baking anything in or commenting on 2022 at large.
Jeff Zekauskas: What raw materials are you short? What cant you get?
Greg Lovins: Yes. I think, it depends on the region and the specific business. I think, its been a challenge on certain chemicals that go into our films and our adhesives depending on the region and its not as though we havent been able to get them for an extended period of time, but it does create some challenges within operations when you may have something thats delayed a week or a few days even. And then, you end up having to run over time or do something else to manage through those kind of situations. I think paper liners in Europe has been a challenge more recently as well. So, theres a -- really nothing thats been longstanding one thing, I would say, over the course of the last few quarters. Its really been different areas that impacted us for short periods of time as we moved across the year here.
Mitch Butier: And just to add to that, Jeff, its not just what can be outbound from our suppliers. There are lots of delays in the freight industry. So, its taking longer things being held up at across docking facility or something, or its just taking longer to get your materials and that alone can cause a delay. It might be a delay just by a day or two days or it might be 1.5 weeks where you then need to shift the assets to other products and so forth, as Greg said.
Operator: Our next question is from Paretosh Misra with Berenberg Capital. Please go ahead.
Paretosh Misra: So, I had a question on slide 10, where you show the product mixes within RBIS. How should we think of the mix within Vestcom relative to this pie chart. Is Vestcom -- will that be a totally new category, or it has some overlap with your existing portfolio?
Mitch Butier: Yes. Well lay that out in the next earnings call. But overall, its going to be a new category with both -- and the majority of it is in high-value categories and the rest of it will be a base.
Paretosh Misra: Got it, got it. And then, any other color you could provide on your RFID pipeline where it stands versus the start of the year?
Mitch Butier: I think your question, sorry, there was a little disruption. The RFID pipeline growth I think is what your question was. So, yes, we continue to see good momentum overall within the RFID pipeline. Id say -- I think, I commented on this last quarter as well. Our focus is more on moving things through the mouth of the funnel, if you will, more migrating them further down into the funnel. So, great progress on what were seeing there, a lot of -- whether youre looking at food, on quick service restaurants, a number of pilots being initiated, a number of pilots being moving to local or regional rollouts. So, theres quite a bit of activity going on there, and we commented on logistics earlier as well. So, thats generally whats happening. I guess, beyond that is just a move into -- within some of the -- if you think about a number of retailers that are multi-category retailers, having discussions about moving out of the apparel department and into other departments within those larger retailers as well. So, number of activities going on. Broadly, Id say, its the food and logistics areas of the area with the greatest growth similar to what we identified in the Investor Day in March about where the opportunity was and where our focus was.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Chris Kapsch: So, focused on LGM and the comments about organic growth by region specifically, just hoping for a little bit more color as to why Western Europe would be up more than 20% versus the low double digits in North America and emerging markets. I dont think it has anything to do with the more pronounced inflation there. So, just wondering if you could -- if theres some explanation for the divergence in the trends there? Thanks.
Greg Lovins: Yes, Chris. I think some of that is just based on comps. So, last year, if you go back to last year, we were declining in Europe, particularly in the third quarter after the surge weve seen in the second quarter from the pandemic. So, most of that is just comps when we look over a two-year period, Europe is up about 10% from 2019 Q3 to 2021 Q3.
Mitch Butier: But youre still above the historical growth rate of that region. So, still healthy markets, but definitely, weve got some gyrations quarter-to-quarter.
Chris Kapsch: Got it. And then, you mentioned how some of the supply chain logistical challenges have restrained growth a little bit in RBIS. Has that been the case in any instances in different regions in LGM? Thank you.
Mitch Butier: Well, we had -- its pretty much LGM North America is whats [Technical Difficulty] the most in LGM. And then, for RBIS, its the constraints just around like we talked about Vietnam and Malaysia and so forth that are COVID-related, and its not just us, obviously. Its the entire -- it might be a region of a country or the entire country. And then, LGM Asia has also impacted, particularly freight is a challenge globally. Its a particular challenge in freight around Asia and just moving product between countries and so forth. So, thats obviously a challenge in LGM as well in Asia.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: One is just a quick detail question. I had missed it. You said something about $60 million related to Vestcom just for posterity. What was that related to again? And I had a question on capital allocation.
Greg Lovins: Yes, George. So, that was specific to Vestcom, purchase accounting amortization will be somewhere in the $55 million to $60 million range is what we expect for 2022. When we step back and look at kind of total depreciation and amortization, including kind of the ongoing depreciation, its probably in the $70ish million range for Vestcom next year overall.
George Staphos: And then, my other question, could you remind us what you said in the past, and if any of this has changed in terms of your appetite and ability to do M&A within the LGM sector? Again, in periods of stress, the big companies usually gain capabilities, gain share; the smaller companies would tend to fall back. Are there any companies in the pipeline that would be helpful to you from a value-add standpoint, because thats one of the components in terms of your capital allocation strategy, and would be complementary to Avery. Would you have the willingness to do anything like that? And relative to some of the experiences some of your peers had back in early 2000s, would you have the ability to add anything in LGM? Thanks, guys. And good luck in the quarter.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, George. Yes. We continue to have an M&A pipeline that weve talked about. We continue to engage and work with that, with our partners in the industry. So, thats something that we are definitely continuing to work through. And as far as specifically the LGM, yes, LGM, each of our divisions have a pipeline that we continue to work and we definitely have an appetite for areas, if we look at M&A as opportunities to accelerate our strategy. So were focused on M&A that --disproportionately focused on high-value categories and give us new capabilities that, as you mentioned, can enhance the overall capabilities of the portfolio. So, theres a number of angles we look here, but those are the two broad for us as high-value categories emphasis and bringing on new capabilities overall and obviously, the financial end. So, were continuing to work it. We just spent $1.45 billion on Vestcom, and we feel good with the early results of that and the outlook for that business and are confident were going to achieve a good return there. And then, were also looking to deploy our capital that we have going forward.
George Staphos: Mitch, would it be fair to say that the high-value quotient would be more likely met in things that would be in the RBIS segment more broadly, or is that an over simplification and incorrect? Thanks. And again, Ill turn it over from here.
Mitch Butier: Yes. I think what youre seeing is just more of -- its more around moving higher end around information solutions and the brand management capabilities. And so, weve got base materials, both within LGM, but also even RBIS has a base materials business, just making the blank RFID in there and then theres working through the actual brand and information solutions. So, I wouldnt say theres business more than the other. Overall, the focus is around high-value categories, focusing around value-add material science product categories as well as information and branding solutions.
Operator: Mr. Butier, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to you for any closing remarks.
Mitch Butier: All right. Well, thank you everybody for joining. We had another strong performance in a very challenging period. And I just once again want to thank our entire team for their ongoing efforts to keep one another safe while continuing to deliver for our shareholders and obviously delivering for our customers. So, thank you very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Welcome to Avery Dennisons Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter Ended July 3, 2021. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay by noon Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time July 31. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or +1-402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21969420. Id now like to turn the call over to John Eble, Avery Dennisons Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
John Eble: Thank you, Moladin. Please note that throughout todays discussion, well be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A4 to A10 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release. We remind you that well make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in todays earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Deon Stander, Vice President and General Manager, RBIS. Ill now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, John, and good day everyone. We delivered another strong quarter ahead of our expectations, raise our outlook for the second half and announced an agreement to acquire Vestcom, a leader in shelf-edge pricing and branded labeling solutions in the U.S. Vestcom has roughly $400 million in revenue, with a consistent history of strong growth and above company average margins. Vestcom will further expand our position in high value categories, while adding channel access and data management capabilities that have the potential to further advance our intelligent label strategy. Deon will tell you more about the acquisition, both the strengths of the company and how it will accelerate our strategies in a moment. Turning to results. In the second quarter, earnings rebounded significantly, as sales grew 29% on a constant currency basis, reflecting a strong rebound in RBIS and IHM and continued strength in LGM. The quarter was even more impressive relative to 2019 with revenue up 14%, EBITDA margins up 80 basis points, and EPS up 30%. Now, while we are pleased with the results, our strong performance comes at a time of continued uncertainty given the global health crisis and constraints within supply chains. While the rate of new cases among our team remains stable, many parts of the world are experiencing an increase in COVID-19 cases. Certain countries, particularly in South Asia, have experienced a significant rise in infection rates, leading to the recent disruptions at a few RBIS manufacturing locations. While this is impacting July, we dont anticipate these disruptions will impact demand in the back half of the year. In addition to the effects of the pandemic, supply chains remain constricted, affecting in markets and adding to inflationary pressures. This constraint on the availability of raw materials, freight and in the U.S. labor continues to impact the industries in which we operate. Despite these constraints, weve been able to deliver record volumes as our team continues to leverage our global network and scale to minimize disruption to our customers. The current environment further reinforces our determination to remain vigilant in protecting the health and well being of our team and agile to ensure we continue to meet customer needs. Now a quick update by business. Label and Graphic Materials posted strong top-line growth for the quarter at demand for consumer packaged goods and e-commerce labels continued to drive strong volume in our Label and Packaging Materials business. While our Graphic and Reflective Solutions business rebounded significantly up prior year lows. As per profitability, LGM margins remain strong despite increasing inflationary headwinds, including costs from the quarter from the supply chain constraints. Given the increasing inflationary pressures, we are redoubling our efforts on material reengineering and again, raising crisis. We are targeting to close the inflation gap relative to mid last year by the fourth quarter. Retail Branding and Information Solutions delivered robust growth in the quarter and expanded margins significantly compared to prior year lows. Compared to 2019, margins expanded further, as the segment grew 25% on a constant currency basis, and 14% organically driven by strengthened both high value product categories, particularly intelligent labels, as well as the core apparel label business as retailers and brands continued to gear up for a strong rebound in demand. Enterprisewide, Intelligent Label sales were up 40% compared to 2019. As expected, the strong growth in our RFID business was primarily driven by apparel, while outside of apparel, we continue to see strong momentum building for new applications in all key geographies. In the food segment, for example, a North American restaurant chains recently began rolling out RFID across their network after successful pilot over the past year. And in logistics, we saw positive momentum, including the adoption of an intelligent label solution at a large global player in the transport of hazardous materials, such as batteries, which requires special shipping protocols. These are just two examples of programs of what will be many in the years to come. In the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment, sales rebounded of prior year lows, showing positive growth compared to 2019 as the segment is on pace for its fourth consecutive year of margin expansion. Given our strong performance in the second quarter, and our increased expectations for the rest of the year, we have raised our full year outlook for the company, both from the top and bottom lines. Overall, Im pleased with the continued progress we are making towards the success of all of our stakeholders. Our consistent performance reflects the strengths of our markets, our industry-leading positions, the strategic foundations weve laid, and our agile and talented team. We remain focused on the consistent execution of our five key strategies. To drive outsized growth and high value categories grow profitably in our base businesses, focus relentlessly on productivity, effectively allocate capital and lead in an environmentally and socially responsible manner. We are confident that a consistent execution of these strategies both organically and through M&A, such as the Vestcom acquisition will enable us to achieve our long-term goals, including consistently delivering GDP plus growth and top quartile returns. And once again, I want to thank our entire team for their tireless efforts to keep one another safe while continuing to deliver for our customers during this challenging period. Now, Ill turn the call over to Deon to provide more color on the high performing and high potential acquisition we announced today. Deon?
Deon Stander: Thanks, Mitch. Turning to Slide 14. Vestcom is a market-leading provider of pricing and branded labeling solutions for the retail shelf-edge powered by advanced data management capabilities. Its a high growth, high margin business generating roughly $400 million in annual revenue. Vestcom is a highly synergistic adjacency to RBIS, building on our pricing and data management capabilities in adjacent markets, and increasing our presence in high value categories. Vestcom, led by an excellent management team has been consistently growing at a high single-digit rate organically over the long term, with strong track records across cycles, and highly accretive EBITDA margins. As you may recall, back in March at the Investor Day, we outlined RBIS key strategies, which include delivering outsized growth in high value categories, unlocking growth and value in food and logistics, growing profitably in the base business and strengthening our digital capabilities and solutions. Vestcom is an accelerator for all of these strategies. In particular, Vestcom provides an opportunity to help accelerate our intelligent labels ambitions in food, through their additional access to end users in retail, grocery, drug and dollar in particular, and to consumer packaged goods companies, who are key decision makers in the food ecosystem, as well as their sophisticated and complimentary data management capabilities. Turning to how Vestcom delivers for its customers. As you can see on Slide 15, Vestcom solutions create real value for retailers and brands. And they do so by combining data management with outstanding customer service delivery. Vestcom solutions start with taking multiple data files, including price, promotion, planogram, and brand content files, and merging these to create uniquely integrated shelf-edge labels that have impact at the point where the majority of consumers make their purchase decisions. Their solutions, which provide both productivity and consumer engagement benefits include stats, which delivers integrated price and promotion labels to each store in time for store associates to label the shelf with the latest pricing and promotion updates in walk sequence that is sorted and ready to walk and tag based on the exact planogram layout for that particular store. A Slide 16 indicates the reduction in store labor time to execute these weekly price and promotion changes so efficiently is significant. And in addition, the improved level of pricing and planogram compliance drives greater consumer impact and commensurate higher sales lift for the retailer. Vestcom then builds on this effect of productivity and pricing solution by uniquely leveraging the same label real estate to add branded content from CPGs or the retailer to support their time specific marketing campaigns. These consumer engagement solutions include shelf-ads, which allows for highly effective in store shelf-edge advertising, with the unique advantage of combining all three elements in front of the consumer, the price, the promotion, and the brand message or content. This solution provides real value in both sales lift and return on advertising spend for both CPGs and retailers. The strong return on investments delivered by both their productivity and consumer engagement solutions positioned Vestcom as a strategic partner to their customers, reflected in the deep relationships they have across the grocery, drug, and dollar segments they serve. It is these relationships and solutions in combination with our own that will help complement our strategy to accelerate IL adoption beyond apparel. This is particularly true in food, where we are already investing in our IL and digital capabilities, and where the need for visibility and problems through the supply chain, inventory and date freshness accuracy on shelf, pricing effectiveness, and managing an increasingly omni-channel environment, our key success factors for retailers. Additionally, the combination of our businesses provides the opportunity to create a unique end-to-end inventory management and pricing solution for retail in the next evolution of our data solutions and digital journey, building on the acquisition of ZippyYum and the launch of our atma.io platform. Lastly, we are pleased to add this high performing business to our portfolio. And Im personally looking forward to both welcoming the Vestcom team and the future prospects of the combined businesses. With that, Ill hand the call over to Greg.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, Deon. Hello everybody. Id like to add  first add a few points about Vestcom and Ill be referring to the transaction summary on Slide 17 of our supplemental materials. As mentioned, Deon already mentioned, Vestcoms annual revenue is roughly $400 million, with strong historical growth and EBITDA margins above our company average including synergies. The purchase price of $1.45 billion represents an EBITDA multiple below our overall company multiple. And we expect this deal to be accretive to EPS by 2022. Were currently planning to fund the acquisition through a combination of cash and debt. If the deal closes in Q3 as anticipated, we expect our leverage ratio to be near the low end of our target range at the end of this year, giving us ample capacity to continue executing our capital allocation strategy. Now, jumping back to our Q2 results. As Mitch said earlier, we delivered another strong quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $2.25, which was above our expectations by about $0.10 and roughly $1 per share above prior year, driven by significant revenue growth. Sales were up 29% ex-currency and 28% on an organic basis compared to prior year driven by strong broad-based demand and the benefit from easier comparisons. Given that the pandemic had the biggest impact on our results in Q2 of last year. Compared to 2019 our growth has also been strong with organic sales up 11% versus Q2, 2019. Our strong growth combined with productivity gains, more than offset the headwind of last years temporary cost reduction actions, as well as an increase in inflation, and new organic investments to deliver an adjusted operating margin of 12.8% up 210 basis points from last year. We realized $17 million of net restructuring savings in the quarter, the majority of which represented carryover from projects weve pulled forward into 2020. We also recorded two items, which largely offset each other and our GAAP results in the quarter. The first is a gain related to the recovery of Brazilian indirect taxes paid in previous years. And the second is a liability related to the previously disclosed ruling in ADASA legal matter, which the company disputes remains confident in the prospects of a more favorable outcome upon appeal. Now, as Mitch mentioned, supply chains remain tight and input costs have been increasing. Both raw material and freight inflation were above our initial expectations, and we have continued to see costs rise as we entered the third quarter. With expected sequential inflation in Q3 at a mid-to-high single-digit rate with variations by region and product category. We are addressing the cost increases through a combination of product reengineering, and pricing, and have announced additional price increases in most of our businesses and regions across the world. Turning to cash generation and allocation, year-to-date, weve generated $388 million of free cash flow with $206 million in the second quarter up significantly compared to previous years. In the first half of the year, we paid $108 million in dividends and repurchased over 500,000 shares at an aggregate cost of $95 million, for a total of $203 million returned in cash to shareholders so far this year. And as I said earlier, our balance sheet is strong, with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.3 at quarter end. This gives us ample capacity, even after the Vestcom acquisition to continue executing our capital allocation strategy. Now turning to the segment results, Label and Graphic Materials sales were up 17% ex-currency and 16% on an organic basis, driven by higher volume and pricing. Compared to 2019 sales were up 11% on an organic basis. Label and Packaging Materials sales were up roughly 12% organically with strong volume, growth in both the high value product categories and the base business. Graphics and Reflective sales continue to rebound nicely compared to the trough we saw on Q2 of last year and were up 49% organically. Now similar to last quarter, we do believe that Q2 benefited from customers pulling forward some volume from Q3 ahead of new price increases. Looking at the segments organic sales growth in the quarter by region; North America sales were up high single digits. In Western Europe sales were up mid teens, as demand in both regions increased from Q1 and emerging markets overall were up roughly 20% continuing their strength from the first quarter. The Asia-Pacific region grew roughly 20% led by significant growth in India and the ASEAN region, with easier comps can given the pandemic impacts we saw in Q2 last year. And then we had low double digit growth in China. And Latin America grew over 30% with particular strength in Brazil. Our LGMs adjusted operating margin remained strong; it decreased slightly from last year to 14.5%. This was partially driven by the impact of supply constraints, which led to both increase in inflation and some incremental costs in the quarter, such as expedited freight and overtime to ensure we had supply to service our customers needs. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions, RBIS sales were up 73% ex-currency and 72% on an organic basis. As growth was strong in both the high value categories and the base business, due in part to lower prior year comps. Compared to 2019 organic growth was 14%. The apparel business continued its strength as retailers and brands prepared for increasing demand with particular strength and the value in performance channels and continued double-digit growth in external embellishments. Intelligent Label sales were up organically roughly 65% and up 40% compared to 2019. Adjusted operating margin for the segment increased to 13.1%. As the benefits from higher volume and productivity more than offset the headwind from prior year temporary cost reduction actions, higher employee related costs and growth investments. The RBIS team has continued to deliver, increasing their top-line growth and margins significantly over the last four years, with margin expansion of more than four points since 2016. Turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment, sales increased 39% ex-currency and 33% on an organic basis, reflecting strong growth in industrial categories, particularly in automotive applications, which more than offset a decline in personal care tapes due to tougher comps. Compared to 2019 sales were up 6% on an organic basis. Adjusted operating margin increased 490 basis points to 11.7% as the benefit from higher volume more than offset the headwind from prior year temporary cost reduction actions and higher employee related costs. Now shifting to our outlook for 2021, we raised our guidance for adjusted earnings per share to be between $8.65 and $8.95, a $0.20 increase to the midpoint of the range. The increase reflects the strong performance in Q2, as well as the increased expectation for the rest of the year, driven by continued strong organic sales growth. And as a reminder, this guidance does not yet include the impact of the Vestcom acquisition, which is expected to close later in the third quarter. We now anticipate 14% to 16% ex-currency sales growth for the full year above our previous expectations, driven by both higher volume and the impact of higher prices. Weve outlined some of the other key contributing factors to this guidance on Slide 12 of our supplemental presentation materials. In particular, the extra week in the fourth quarter of 2020 will be a headwind of a little more than one points reported sales growth and a roughly $0.15 headwind to EPS in 2021. We estimate Q1 benefited by roughly $0.15 based on the shift of the calendar and then anticipated roughly $0.30 headwind in Q4. The anticipated tailwind from currency translation is now roughly 3.5 to sales growth, and $35 million in operating income for the year based on current rates. And we now estimated incremental pretax savings from restructuring, net of transition costs will contribute $60 million to $65 million, down somewhat from our April estimate, as a strong demand environment has led us to delay certain projects. And given the increased outlook for earnings and working capital productivity, were now targeting to generate over $700 million of free cash flow this year, which is up roughly 30% from last year and 40% from 2019. Now given the distortion and our year-over-year comparisons due to the pandemic last year, let me provide you with some color on our second half outlook in relation to the first half of this year. There are four primary drivers, which are each worth roughly $0.15 plus or minus in the second half compared to the first half. First item is the calendar shift, I just mentioned a minute ago. Secondly is the impact on the pre-buy of volume from Q3 into Q2. Third, theres a sequential price inflation GAAP in the third quarter, which we expect to close in Q4, driven by the timing of passing new pricing increases through. And lastly, given our continued confidence in our business, we are ramping up our pace of investments to drive our long-term strategies. So in summary, we delivered another strong quarter in a challenging environment. And we remain on track to deliver on our long-term objectives to achieve GDP plus growth in top quartile returns on capital, which together drive sustained growth in EVA. Well now open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Securities, Inc. Research. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Thanks, Operator. Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details. Congratulations on the progress so far this year. I guess my first question is on Vestcom, obviously, pretty big topic today. And, given the rundown, Deon that you gave, I understand why the customer would like it. I understand how it utilizes data management, and so on and mention, how the brand owners and retailers would like it, how does it really leverage Averys core capabilities and smart labels? And why did you need this? In your view, what were the one or two primary issues? And can you comment a bit on what the competitive landscape is, how does Vestcom rate versus its nearest peers? And I dont know if theres even a share, if you could market share, you could offer there. Thanks.
Deon Stander: Thanks, George, for the question. So, let me just start by saying from our  for us, the acquisition is perfectly aligned with our strategic initiatives and our strategies overall. It firstly increases our exposure to high value categories, given the high performing, high value business as it is. And second is highly synergistic, as you pointed out George to our RBIS business, with complimentary channel access, and strong variable data management capability. And the third thing is it really helps to leverage and grow our IL ambitions in particularly in food, where they specifically have access and deep relationships in a channel that we are just starting to build traction in. And secondarily, in combination with our variable data management capabilities, were able to execute more efficiently. And then finally, I think, more importantly, in the longer term, is that the combination of both businesses I think will help acceleration  accelerate the innovation that really needed at retail level to provide better and more integrated inventory management, pricing and consumer engagement solutions. And some of the stuff that we started to build on already with ZippyYum and atma.io platform launch. From a competitive position there are clearly the market leader in their segment by some distance. And we believe that the complementary skill sets that we both have both in variable data management and the access that will create from an Intelligent Labels perspective, will be value added to all of our stakeholders.
George Staphos: Okay, thanks thats a really good rundown. I just want to switch gears, given that weve seen, inflation and cost increases pretty much climb steadily throughout 2021. Second half earnings would likely be burdened by additional inflation that didnt hit the P&L in the first half. Now, I know thats in your guidance. But is there a way to quantify if you agree with that premise, what that burden that youre getting over roughly equates to in second half? Thanks. And Ill turn it over.
Greg Lovins: Yes, George, as I mentioned that being there relative to the guidance from the first half to second half perspective, just as you said, weve seen inflation increasing throughout the year, increasing throughout the second quarter really, at the end of Q2, beginning of the third quarter really starting to see some more increases in some of the regions. So, we have been announcing new pricing, it will take a little bit of time for that new pricing and or finding new ways to take costs out of raw materials to kick in. So, we have a little bit of a gap from the first half to the second half from that timing of passing that through. We think thats roughly in that $0.15 plus or minus range, so that I talked about a little bit earlier. So, somewhere in that range is what we would expect from our sequential first half to second half gap.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thank you. Good day, everybody. On the incremental core sales increase relative to prior guidance, I think its about 500 basis points at the midpoint. Can you sort of disaggregate for us? How much of that is incremental pricing relative to volume? And then the volume piece, which segment and regions are sort of driving that upside?
Greg Lovins: Yes, Thanks, Ghansham. So I think when you look at that, kind of five point increase at the midpoint, roughly 40% to 50% of that came in the second quarter with the second quarter volumes coming in a bit stronger. Of course, as we already talked about, the rest of that comes in the back half. So the rest of that being, kind of 2.5 points is assuming some continued strength and volume and a little bit of incremental price from what we had assumed before. So, probably a little bit more on the volume side versus price, when I think about that raise in the back half, but its a combination of both of those in the second half from a growth perspective.
Ghansham Panjabi: Great. Terrific and then my second question on Vestcom, can you just share, the historical growth rates, the margin profile over time? And also, is it mostly North America in terms of sales? And also if that is the case, the transferability of the solution to some of the overseas markets, including in Europe? Thanks.
Mitch Butier: Yes, Ghansham on that one Vestcom is very quickly, the growth rate has been above the average as well as the margins, the growth rate, I think we commented in high single digits over 10 plus years. So, very consistently delivering that level of growth and the margins are above the company average both pre-synergy and obviously post-synergy. So great business, highly synergistic with RBIS, I actually  you dont see very many businesses that are close to what RBIS does as far as integrating, managing variable information to be able to deliver promotional pricing and branded solutions. So just in a new adjacency link the food, which we see as an opportunity to accelerate the Intelligent Labels strategy. So thats the short of it Ghansham.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets Inc. U.S. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi, good morning. In LGM, I think you indicated North America was up high single digits and Europe was up mid teens, is that kind of a function of mix or last years comp, or maybe the timing of, pull forward ahead of some of these price increases or some share shift? Im just wondering if theres anything you can tell us about how the recovery that youre seeing is kind of playing out regionally? And how that might play out in the second half?
Mitch Butier: Anthony if your question is, why did Europe outpace North America, but if you look at last year, they both had periods, early in the spring, have some high levels of growth in the teams, and then things go off in June and July for both regions. So theyre both comping, actually, in the second quarter pretty strong demand on all from Q2 of last year. Within Europe, we basically if you recall, last year, we said, in both regions that we had like we had seen in some share during that period, weve recovered that fully within Europe, we have not yet in North America. And thats basically just because we got very long, just or a lot big order book, were going be seeing a tremendous amount of orders from the demand levels, weve got longer lead times in North America than we usually do, because of the surge in demand, as well as the supply constraints that are disproportionally in North America. So thats a little bit of a distinction between the two. As far as how it plays out to the rest of the year, when we look at it, e-commerce demand remains robust. We expect that to continue. As far as the demand for branded labels at end market, those remain strong, theyre clearly softening. And Im talking about the end market with the CPGs are reporting, their softened growth from where it was last year, when you had a lot of the pantry loading and so forth. But overall consumption looks to be pretty high from that standpoint. So there is a question and we talked about this last quarter, at some point is some of the high levels of demand, is any of that around inventory building and so forth? There is a potential for that. So thats something in the range of our guidance that we have and why midyear  midway through the year, we still have a relatively wide range on our guidance on the top-line.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, thats very helpful. And then on Vestcom, is there anything you can say about how long youve been working at the company is maybe a potential acquisition target? And then I dont know if youve partnered with them or competed with them in the past? Understanding theres some clear synergies between the two, is it accurate to say that theres very little apples-to-apples overlap between Avery and Vestcom right now, Im just trying to understand, what you do versus what they do?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So in general, weve been looking  when we look at and think about capital allocation, our investments are focused, as you know disproportionately towards higher value categories. And were obviously looking for spaces within  things within Intelligent Labels space, or adjacent to that. And this fits both of those criteria. So weve got, as weve talked about before, quite a few companies we have on our radar from M&A pipeline perspective. So thats what Ill say about that. Yes, as far as direct overlap, this is an adjacent market to RBIS with, as I said, very synergistic, very similar as far as what they do and how they do it. But its as far as selling to dollar stores and grocery stores and drug stores here in the U.S. That is not something we do a lot of where the synergistic overlap is on customers, is really around our pipeline development and business development were doing for Intelligent Labels and food. We are working with grocery stores, some at business case, some at pilot and were working with restaurants which Vestcom doesnt focus on of course. So thats where I think the emerging territory receive with IL, Intelligent Labels, sorry, and Vestcom is where we have the opportunity to have so. Deon anything you want to add to that?
Deon Stander: No. I think the other piece Mitch, just we emphasizes as it well, both businesses have this strong similarity of managing highly complex data from multiple sources and being able to turn that data into demonstrable value solutions for their customers be there in different channels.
Operator: Our next question is from Neel Kumar of Morgan Stanley Investment. Please go ahead.
Neel Kumar: Great, thanks for taking my question. You mentioned 2Q being about $0.10 above your expectations or budget, U.S [indiscernible] specifically performance in better versus expectations are with a generally broad-based, and then your $0.20 full year guidance increase in five, second half numbers that are about $0.10 above your prior expectations, is that concentrate in any particular segment?
Mitch Butier: Good, Neel. So, I think in the second quarter is relatively broad-based, I think, as we talked about demand was strong across all the segments in Q2. I think particularly probably in RBIS and IHM is where we saw a little bit more upside in the quarter versus our own expectations. And we continued to see strong growth in the apparel business as we talked about as well as Intelligent Labels business within RBIS, and continue to see strong growth in IHM. So our back half guide assumes a little bit of those continued trends as well, some of that strengthened volume demand across the businesses that weve seen in the second quarter.
Neel Kumar: Right, thats helpful. And then just a couple of questions on Vestcom, could you quantify the potential synergies from the deal? And then I was just wondering, you can touch on the cash flow characteristics, any sense of the capital intensity and free cash flow conversion of the business?
Mitch Butier: Yes, so its highly synergistic overall, from a cost synergy standpoint, most of those would be around material supply. And theres, other areas of opportunity. But were not going to get into specifics around synergies. We dont do that on our acquisitions in general. And as far as the cash flow levels and Greg, you want to comment on that?
Greg Lovins: Yes, I think overall to pretty strong cash generating business, we would expect in 2022, probably more than $60 million of cash after the impact of financing costs, and everything else as well. So we expect a pretty solid cash contribution in 2022 from this business.
Operator: Our next question is from Josh Spector of UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector: Yes. Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. And just when you talk about raw material constraints in North America and the quarter, can you just give us some color on what materials youre seeing more shortages of? And what visibility do you have on that improving over the next couple quarters?
Mitch Butier: Yes, so its chemicals and films, largely. But in addition to that, its just freight. So theres longer lead times and bolt-in the receipt of our material. Just freight companies, things being left in cross-docking stations for an extra day for example, as well as our outbound freight to our customers. So those are the two primary areas. Overall, its a lot of  this is still just the further upstream than us working through all the capacity limitations that existed because of the storm in Texas, the industry slowly working through those backlogs from what we see. We also think thats whats driving some of this demand quite high of people building some inventories, and so forth. And so it might be a bit elevated across multiple industries. And as that, you see some abatement of that that should ease on the supply chain. So, we dont have clear visibility. Overall, when these will end its broad-based, but we would expect looking here as we get towards the end of this year, things start to ease up.
Josh Spector: Okay, thanks. And just on the raw material inflation sequentially. Can you characterize how that inflation would look different between LGM and RBIS and when you talk about recovering that in fourth quarter, is that across both segments? Or when will we expect one to be ahead of the other?
Mitch Butier: Yes, the largest impacts on raw material inflation are really in our materials businesses. So between LGM and IHM, thats where were seeing the biggest impacts especially from Q2, were still in the first half really driven by chemicals and films increases. And we started to see some paper increases in late Q2, specifically in Europe. So, weve seen increases really on the LGM and IHM side. It progress probably mid single-digits in Q2 versus Q1. Were looking at kind of a mid-to-high single-digit increase from Q2 to Q3, really driven by continued increases in chemicals and films in the second quarter, and then increases moving into Q3 here on paper. So thats our  how were seeing the inflation environment evolve right now.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities U.S. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. In your RBIS business, how much did the non-Intelligent Label solutions area growth?
Mitch Butier: Jeffrey, our growth for non-Intelligent Labels business, which is really the core business, our base business grew at mid single-digits overall.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay, thank you.
Mitch Butier: Jeffrey that contrasts is relative to 2019, sequentially versus 2020. Clearly, with Q2 being so low last year, it is significantly up and the contrast is more appropriate relative to 2019.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. On Vestcom in your release, you said that its revenues are about $400 million and it has 1,200 people that work there, which seems quite labor intensive, what are the more labor intensive parts of Vestcom?
Deon Stander: So overall, Jeffrey, the way that the business works is they are highly efficient and taking in data, as I said earlier on and transforming that into unique shelf-edge labeling solutions. And in a very short rapid time, theyre able to assimilate the data from different sources, and then print it typically on digital assets are very similar to our own. Then those printed labels are effectively taken and boxed by individual store across the vast network that they serve for their customers. And there is  in certainly in that area, a number of labor component pieces they have across the 11 DC they operate. And that DC network give them the ability to reach customers in a geographic radius in a very, very short order of time, which is critical, so that those stores can complete their pricing and promotional changes that are absolutely required for them.
Mitch Butier: And if I can just add to that, Jeff, in addition to what Deon said, its the relative to RBIS, Id say it has more information technology experts, relative level of revenue, and then less, as far as a lot of the production, much less level  more automation some of that, but then more Id say on the very back end on the finishing and just before distribution, because of the complexity of the actual just delivering and creating unique pack for every single store, if you will in the U.S. of the customers and so forth, if that gives you a relative sense.
Operator: Our next question is from John McNulty, BMO Capital Markets U.S. Please go ahead.
John McNulty: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Just on the acquisition, if Im understanding the multiple kind of level that you paid, it kind of backs into an EBITDA level of give or take $100 million or so or EBITDA margins that are in kind of the mid to upper 20s. Are we thinking about that right? Or is there something else that we need to be factoring in here?
Greg Lovins: Yes, John, given the relative size of this business, were not going to get into a bunch of specifics around that. But overall, as we said, the multiple that we are paying is below the company average for a business that is higher growth than the average, higher margin than the average, and so  and the multiple that were paying being less as both before and after synergies, of course.
Mitch Butier: I think just add to that, the way weve thought about this, obviously, in terms of capital allocation, and our focus on EVA, is wed expect this business to be EVA accretive, excluding the any amortization within the second year. So, were literally looking at this being pretty quickly EVA accretive. And weve thought about this and relative to our long-term targets we just issued a few a few months ago, were talking about continuing are strong growth rates. Continuing to expand our margins, continue to deliver double-digit EPS growth, and deliver top quartile returns on capital. And we look at this business its accretive to our top-line growth rate, its accretive to our EBITDA margins. Its also accretive to our EPS growth, of course and we think we continue to deliver top quartile capital and meet our long-term target for our history with this acquisition. So it really fits and helps us accelerate, all of our key financial, long-term targets that we communicated a couple months ago.
John McNulty: Got it. Fair enough and helpful color. Maybe you can also  can you give us an update now that I dont know if a COVID is completely in the rearview mirror? But it seems to  we seem to be progressing at least a little bit past it? Can you speak to what youre seeing in terms of some of the pilot activity around RFID? And some of the new initiatives that youre seeing from the customer basis thats starting to accelerate at this point, now that  workers can be in place, et cetera? How should we be thinking about that?
Mitch Butier: Sure, John, so Ill let Deon comment on your question on Intelligent Labels and patent level of pilots and what were seeing. Before doing that you just mentioning COVID, in the rearview mirror, I mean, its still  theres still an uncertain environment. And particularly when you get out of the U.S. and maybe Western Europe and China, is its still, depending on which region youre in, they are experiencing an increase in infection rates. And so as we call it out, specifically, there is an impact here in July from some disruptions in RBIS in South Asia, specifically, given our experience in managing through in the past, we expect, especially since demand and demand is strong, that well be able to work that through here in the second half. But I would say that COVID is still something top of mind for the leadership and something were continuing to manage on a regular basis. So, looking forward to being in a rearview mirror. With that, Deon, do you want to answer the second part of his question?
Deon Stander: Sure. John, as related to Intelligent Labels, we continue to see healthy appetite interest and focus on leveraging the technology from our customers. Our overall pipeline has increased by almost 20% year-on-year, since last year. And bear in mind that was during also a period when retailers particularly in apparel were also increasing their interest, as I was thinking about dealing with the COVID crisis, and much more of a touchless environment really. So, specifically in apparel, we continue to see growth and interest in the pilot, in our pipeline across a number of vectors. The first of which is, just new customers, apparel retailers, and brands that are getting to the point of saying they want to use the technology. Theres always been the interest; its been a relative decision for them as to how they decide and what they allocate their capital too. The second area is just on existing customers, a continued expansion for customers using the technology leverage into new categories, or to promote into new geographies they occupy. And then our non-apparel customers broadly, we continue to see a significant uptick in interest, more than 60% of that pipeline increase is largely in non-apparel, and particularly I think, as Mitch touched on earlier and both in food and logistics. In food, particularly, the whole drive around provenance and freshness, with also the associated labor saving that will go into making sure thats clear for the retailer, is starting to resonate and Mitch talked about the rollout thats not progressing underway in the United States, but were seeing similar demand in the Europe and in China. And then on the logistics side, the ability to make sure that you can identify clear line of sight throughout the supply chain. And particularly when it comes to routine of that, say, for example, high value or high variable or highly hazardous materials through the supply chain is also attracting a lot of interest and were seeing expansion we file and try this.
Mitch Butier: Yes, Id say just to build on that interest continues to be strong. And we saw small pause, as we said, in activity in Q2 of last year, because restaurants were closed and that was focused on just COVID at the time, but the interest remains strong. And Id say that the  were balancing the focus of filling the pipeline, but also just converting the pipeline. And thats why we shared a couple of those examples of some important milestones that have occurred and more moving to custom solutions, and then partial rollouts, as well as a couple of full rollouts outside of the apparel. So the momentum is as strong as weve been talking about over the last couple years.
Operator: And our next question is from Christopher Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets, LLC. Please go ahead.
Christopher Kapsch: Yes. Hi, I was hoping you could provide any color on how demand or order patterns trended sequentially during the quarter, maybe with granularity by business or by region. Im just curious if theres any pockets of strengthening or weakening as the quarter progress given how the macro was evolving. And any comments on how those trends may have looked thus far. I guess one month into the third quarter anything notable there?
Deon Stander: Yes, Chris, I dont think from  certainly from a comp perspective, its moved around quite a bit from a year-over-year. But when I think sequentially, I dont think theres much of a change as we move throughout the quarter. I think demand continued to stay strong. As Mitch talked about earlier, weve got longer lead times in our LGM businesses or some of the regions there. So that continued to stay throughout much of the second quarter. Entering the third quarter, we continue to see strong demand and strong shipments out of our LGM business, in the other businesses as well. We also talked a little bit about some of the disruptions from a COVID perspective in South Asia and some of our best facilities early here in July. But other than that, continuing to stay on track with our expectations.
Christopher Kapsch: Got it. And then just as a follow-up in China, specifically, that area in IHM in particular, given some overweight auto and market exposure was really impacted last year, just wondering how those trends look in that business? This year, theres been some macro data about possibly slowing, so just curious on China specifically. Thank you.
Mitch Butier: Yes, the overall for us within IHM is, as we said earlier, industrial categories grew about 60% in the quarter with automotive within that we grew about 80% in the quarter. So pretty strong across the globe, were a little bit heavier weight on China from an auto perspective. So certainly call continued strong growth in China from an automotive side as well. So, continue to see that at this point. Getting were typically a little bit ahead of auto builds just given where we are in the supply chain in automotive, but continued to see strong growth in the second quarter.
Deon Stander: And outside of automotive, the revenue growth trends, softened a little bit  softened a bit from Q1, and that was largely the pre-buy that wed seen into Q1 that we talked about last quarter. So overall, the growth within Asia, we expect and we commented quite high in Q2 year-over-year, the comps get a bit tougher going into Q3. So, we expected to normalize going into Q3 and forward.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos, Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Yes. Hi. Thanks, everybody. Just a couple of quick ones for me to finish up. So Deon, can you talk at all about what youre seeing in terms of payback periods and returns to your customers and how that might have from adoption of smart label and RFID. And how that might evolve over the last couple of years, either in aggregate or by channel, recognizing youre not able to get into ahead of a lot of detail here. But just wanted to see what you might be seeing there in terms of what your customer saying and why that youre seeing growth in the pipeline? Then the second question, to get back to Chriss question. Weve seen some signs from our contacts that there was a bit of a June low, after very strong April, May I take from your comments? You didnt see that from your product, but just want to affirm that thanks, and good luck in the quarter.
Mitch Butier: George, I wasnt sure what the June low was that youre referring to? Im not sure what business youre referring to overall. Being come back online. Deon, do you want to talk about Intelligent Label payback, what our customers are experiencing?
Deon Stander: Yes, just that specific points, I think the last time we touched on this, the payback continues to be significant and strong for apparel customers and increasingly, based on the pilots and trials weve seen for both food and logistics customers. And inclusive, we typically tend to see paybacks within the year from a customer program deployment overall. Id also say that the ancillary benefits that are starting to accrue at the various end customers are seeing more so for example, were in apparel, it might have been much more around inventory access in store, there is now much more use of the same technology or the same labeling, for example, to say, what is the supply chain visibility, and increasingly, how theyre going to start tying that to some degree of consumer engagement as well. And similarly then, in food, for example, where there may be a big focus on productive use of labor, that same quick service restaurants. Thats now extending, using the same technology backwards to so well, how do we also make sure that we have provenance of where products are coming from and ensuring the freshness of those items as well. George.
Mitch Butier: Yes, George, so maybe just on the well, if I can just comment on the other part, George, Im not sure exactly what the nature of this other part of your question was around June, but June volumes remain strong for us. If its referring last year, we there was a June volume started, but this year, volumes remain strong. As we look at from an end market perspective, we comment about LGM and as well as RBIS, I mean, demand remains strong. Some of it in LGM could be a bit of some inventory building we dont yet know. But we definitely think end markets remain relatively strong from where there were a couple years ago. And then in within RBIS, retailers and brands are focused on getting product available and ready for back-to-school and thinking through holiday, because theyre expecting a rebound pretty big one relative to where weve been.
Operator: Our next question is from Paretosh Misra with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paretosh Misra: Thanks. Good morning. Why is food one of the main areas of focus for Vestcom? Is that because food items have shorter expiration dates, so you constantly need to update pricing to promote sales, or is it something else?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So just very quickly, Vestcom is focused on the categories of grocery store, drug stores and dollar stores here in the U.S. and do the branded and pricing, labeling solutions at the shelf-edge. A much more beyond food, our comment around food is specifically the link that we see where for our ability to accelerate adoption of intelligent labels in the food category. Thats one of the areas where we see a high value strategic option. So just to be clear, Vestcom is across categories within all those stores. Weve talked about food really from the lens of our Intelligent Labels strategy.
Paretosh Misra: Got it. Noted. And then are there customers, who currently use Vestcoms pricing and data management and your RFID products? Or is that an opportunity?
Mitch Butier: That is actually where the opportunity is? So, we actually some of the companies, that customers that they have, were actually already working with food through are in the pipeline, if you will, whether it be business case, or pilots and so forth. And then theres an opportunity to beyond, who weve traditionally been interacting with on the as organically, if you will. So thats absolutely were part of the opportunities as well as bringing the combined capabilities of the two around data management, the data access that Vestcom brings, and obviously just the technological and business development capabilities that we have within Intelligent Labels within RBIS.
Operator: And Mr. Butier, there are no further questions at this time. Ill turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Mitch Butier: Very good. Well, thank you everybody for joining the call today. I want to thank again the team for their tireless efforts and keeping each other safe and continue to deliver for our customers. And we are focused on the success of all of our stakeholders. Thank you very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation. And ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions]. Welcome to Avery Dennison's earnings conference call for the first quarter ended April 3, 2021. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from noon Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, May 1. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 1-402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21969419. I'd now like to turn the call over to John Eble, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
John Eble: Thank you, Pama. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A-4 to A-8 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the safe harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitchell Butier: Thanks, John, and good day, everyone. We are off to a strong start to the year with revenue up 11%, EPS up 45%, both well above expectations, and strong free cash flow. The favorable results were driven by improving and broad-based volume and productivity gains across the portfolio as all 3 of our operating segments delivered strong sales growth and significant margin expansion. We experienced strong demand as many economies emerged from the depths of the recession amidst rising confidence. This, combined with both the structural and temporary productivity initiatives we've implemented, drove a strong quarter. Now while we are pleased with the results, our strong performance comes at a time of continued uncertainty, given the global health crisis and constraints within supply chains. The current environment further reinforces our determination to remain vigilant in protecting the health and well-being of our team and agile to ensure we continue to meet our customers' needs. While the rate of COVID-19 infections declined in a number of countries, including the U.S., and optimism increases as vaccines roll out, much of Continental Europe has been in lockdown, and other countries such as India and Brazil have experienced a significant rise in infection rates. Fortunately, the rate of new cases among the team remains relatively stable. In addition to the effects of the pandemic, natural disasters such as the Texas winter storm and other factors, the microchip shortage being an example, are constricting supply chains even further, affecting our end markets and adding to inflationary pressures. Despite these supply chain constraints, we've been able to deliver record volumes as our team has done a great job of leveraging our global network and scale to ensure we continue to meet customers' needs. Now a quick update by business. Label and Graphic Materials posted strong top line growth for the quarter as demand for consumer packaged goods and e-commerce trends continue to drive strong volume in our Label and Packaging Materials business, while our Graphics and Reflective Solutions business rebounded faster than expected. LGM's margin was strong in the quarter, ahead of expectations actually, as the flow-through from higher volume, including strength in high-value categories, coupled with productivity gains, enabled significant margin expansion. Retail Branding and Information Solutions delivered strong sales growth in the quarter driven by both high-value product categories, particularly RFID and the core apparel business. The strong top line was driven by retailers and brands gearing up for a rebound in demand and, to a lesser extent, easier comps. Enterprise-wide Intelligent Labels sales were up 40% ex currency and up 20% on an organic basis. As expected, the strong growth of our RFID business was primarily driven by apparel, while outside of apparel, we continued to see strong momentum building for new applications. As we outlined in detail at our Investor Day last month, we have a tremendous amount of opportunity in this space, in apparel, food, logistics and more. And as you also heard, our focus is not only to be the world's leading RFID supplier. We are creating a broader Intelligent Labels platform to bridge the physical and digital worlds. As part of this, we are investing in digital identification technologies that enhance the ability to manage and store item level information. To this end, we recently announced 2 digital initiatives: one, the acquisition of a small software start-up, ZippyYum; and the other being the launch of a connected product cloud platform start-up, atma.io. As for the bottom line, RBIS delivered significant margin expansion in the quarter driven by higher volume and productivity initiatives. Given the margin and growth profile of this business, we will continue to ramp up our pace of investments in this segment, particularly in Intelligent Labels, with an accelerated pace throughout the remainder of the year. Turning to Industrial and Healthcare Materials. The segment delivered strong sales growth in the quarter driven by a significant rebound in demand for industrial products, while we continue to make good progress towards achieving the long-term margin target for this business. We continue to invest in this segment, including the acquisition of JDC Solutions, a small manufacturer of specialty tapes for use in a variety of high-value industrial applications, that we closed in March. Now given our strong performance in Q1 and our revised expectations for the rest of the year, we have raised our full year outlook and now anticipate top line growth of 9% to 11% ex currency and earnings per share of $8.40 to $8.80. We are pleased with the continued progress we are making towards the success of all of our stakeholders. Our consistent performance reflects the strength of our markets, our industry-leading positions, the strategic foundations we've laid and our agile and talented team. We remain focused on our 5 key strategies: driving outsized growth in high-value categories, growing profitably in our base businesses, focusing relentlessly on productivity, effectively allocating capital and leading in an environmentally and socially responsible manner. We are confident that the consistent execution of these strategies will enable us to achieve our long-term goals, including consistently delivering GDP-plus growth and top quartile returns. And once again, I want to thank our entire team for their tireless efforts to keep one another safe while continuing to deliver for our customers during this challenging period, bringing a whole new level of agility and dedication to address the unique challenges at hand. Over to you, Greg.
Gregory Lovins: Thanks, Mitch, and hello, everybody. As Mitch said, we delivered a strong start to the year with adjusted earnings per share of $2.40, above our expectations. This roughly $0.75 increase over prior year was driven by strong growth and productivity gains as well as an estimated $0.25 benefit from the combined impact from the calendar shift and prebuys. Sales grew ex currency 11% and 9% on an organic basis driven by strong broad-based demand as well as a modest benefit from easier comps as the pandemic began to impact the results in Q1 of last year. Given the strong revenue, combined with productivity gains, we delivered adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.5% and adjusted operating margin of 13.9%, both up roughly 2 points. And we realized $19 million of net restructuring savings in the quarter, the majority of which represented carryover from projects we had pulled forward into 2020. And we continue to expect roughly $70 million from net restructuring savings this year. As Mitch mentioned, to begin the year, supply chains have remained tight, and input costs have been increasing. As a result, raw material and freight inflation were above our initial expectations, and we have continued to see costs rise as we enter the second quarter. We now expect mid- to high single-digit inflation for the year, with variations by region and product category. As we typically do, we will address this through a combination of both product reengineering and pricing. We've announced price increases in most of our businesses and regions across the world. And given the pricing announcements, some customers accelerated orders into the first quarter, ahead of pricing adjustments. We estimate the prebuy benefit to Q1 was roughly 2 points of revenue growth, and we anticipate this impact will largely come out of Q2. We generated $182 million of free cash flow in the quarter, up substantially compared to last year, primarily driven by improved working capital and higher operating results. Working capital as a percent of sales improved compared to prior year driven by better receivables and inventory turns. And our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio at quarter end of 1.6. Our current leverage position gives us ample capacity to continue executing our disciplined capital allocation strategy, including investing in organic growth and acquisitions while continuing to return cash to shareholders. Last week, we announced that the Board approved a 10% increase to our quarterly dividend rate, following the 7% increase last year. And in the quarter, we paid $52 million in dividends and repurchased roughly 300,000 shares at an aggregate cost of $56 million. And as you know, we increased our pace of inorganic investments last year, and we've continued on that front, deploying $31 million for acquisitions in the first quarter, including JDC Solutions and ZippyYum. Now turning to segment results for the quarter. Label and Graphic Materials sales were up 8.4% excluding currency and 7.6% on an organic basis driven by higher volume. Sales were up roughly 7% organically in Label and Packaging Materials, with strong volume growth in both the high-value product categories and the base business, partially offset by carryover price reductions. Graphics and Reflective sales continued to rebound nicely and were up 9% organically. Looking at the segment's organic sales growth in the quarter by region, North America and Western Europe sales were up low single digits, while emerging markets overall were up mid-teens. The Asia Pacific region grew roughly 20%, led by growth in China and India, although the recent surge in COVID-19 cases in India has heightened uncertainty in the region. And Latin America grew mid-teens, with particular strength in Brazil. LGM's adjusted operating margin increased 150 basis points to 16.3% as the benefits from strong volume, including the benefit of the calendar shift in prebuy, and productivity more than offset higher employee-related costs and the net impact of pricing and raw material costs. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions. RBIS sales were up 15% ex currency and 9.3% on an organic basis as growth was strong in both the high-value categories and the base business. The core apparel business was up mid- to high single digits as retailers and brands prepare for the stronger demand, with particular strength in the value and performance channels. And as Mitch indicated, excluding currency, Intelligent Labels sales were up 40% and up 20% on an organic basis. Adjusted operating margin for the segment increased 440 basis points to 12.9% as the benefits from higher volume, lower receivables reserves and productivity more than offset higher employee-related costs and growth investments. Turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment. Sales increased 18.8% excluding currency and 16.3% on an organic basis, reflecting strong growth in industrial categories, particularly in automotive applications, which more than offset a modest decline in health care. Adjusted operating margin increased 190 basis points to 12.3% as the benefit from higher volume more than offset higher employee-related costs. Now shifting to our outlook for 2021. While there is a continued high level of uncertainty from the pandemic and tight supply chains, we have raised our guidance for adjusted earnings per share to be between $8.40 and $8.80, a $0.75 increase to the midpoint of the range. The increase reflects the strong performance in Q1 as well as an increased outlook for organic sales growth for the balance of the year. We now anticipate 9% to 11% excluding currency sales growth for the full year, above our previous expectation, driven by both the higher volume outlook and the impact of higher prices. We've outlined some of the other key contributing factors to this guidance on Slide 12 of our supplemental presentation materials. In particular, the extra week in the fourth quarter of 2020 will be a headwind of a little more than 1 point to reported sales growth and a roughly $0.15 headwind to EPS to 2021. We estimate Q1 benefited by roughly $0.15 based on the shift in the calendar and anticipate then a roughly $0.30 headwind in Q4. As noted earlier, we estimate the prebuy benefit to Q1 was roughly $0.10 of EPS, which will come out of future quarters, mainly Q2. And the anticipated tailwind from currency translation is roughly 2 points to sales growth and $25 million in operating income for the full year based on recent rates. And the majority of our 2020 temporary cost reductions have come back in at this point. The exception is our belt-tightening costs, travel expenses, for example, which have remained low to start the year, with many of our employees still in lockdown or working from home. And we expect these costs to come back in later through 2021. And finally, given the increased outlook for earnings and working capital productivity, we're now targeting to generate over $675 million of free cash flow this year. So in summary, we delivered another strong quarter in a challenging environment. And we remain on track to deliver on our long-term objectives to achieve GDP-plus growth and top quartile returns on capital, which together drives sustained growth in EVA. And now we'll open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Co.
Ghansham Panjabi: So first off, congrats on 1Q. I guess as we kind of think out ahead, it's still pretty in the year - pretty early in the year. Your core sales guidance is now 9% at the midpoint versus 5% previously. Clearly, you have a prebuy in 1Q that may come at the expense of 2Q. You have tough comps in some businesses. And then you have the India and Brazil and other parts of the world virus flare-ups. So I guess in context of that and what you called out in the past in terms of sort of limited visibility on a go-forward basis for your businesses being that they're short-cycle, I guess, what gives you confidence to be able to raise organic sales guidance this early in the year? And also in terms of share gains, are you embedding any sort of future share gains in that?
Gregory Lovins: Thanks, Ghansham. This is Greg. So yes, just maybe to give you a view of how we're thinking about it, when we look at the full year, obviously, in the first quarter, we delivered strong volume growth of about 9%, which added a little more than 2 points to the full year growth rate. We then look at the second and third quarters, which obviously, Q2 last year was the trough in the pandemic for us. And we still had a decline of about 4 points in the third quarter last year as well. So just looking at it, if we can recover the declines that we saw in the businesses most impacted last year by the pandemic in Q2 and Q3, those quarters would add another 4 or 4.5 points of growth to the full year growth rate. So between Q1 and just recovering the declines that we had last year in Q2 and Q3 will get us to about 7 points. And then in addition to that, you'd be looking at an impact from the incremental pricing actions that we've talked about, given the inflationary environment this year. So that's kind of how we've thought about getting to that 8- to 10-point range. The strong growth we had in the first quarter, in addition to recovering the volume declines that we had last year, plus the incremental impact of the pricing.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. And then for my follow-up question, in terms of April, are you seeing the deceleration as it relates to the prebuy that you called out? And then also for the LGM - LPM, I should say, advantage markets from last year, so the packaged food, et cetera, that benefited last year, are you seeing the comparisons change dramatically associated with that? Or you still see elevated demand?
Mitchell Butier: Yes. So overall, April, the trends early on broad-based are continuing what we saw in Q1. The impact of the prebuy from the pricing is now we're just starting to see visibility of that to our orders because when we receive the orders, we continue to ship into early April. So we do - are starting to see as far as order trends that impact a bit from the prebuy. But overall, right now, we're seeing some of the trends continuing into Q2 what we saw in Q1, which further reinforces the guidance that Greg just spoke to. So as far as - if you look at it from a market perspective, you asked about share a little bit because we have a little bit of share movement each quarter. We believe share in Q1 was comparable to what we had in North America the last couple of years over the average. And in Europe, we captured some of the share we talked about that we had ceded a year or so ago within the quarter as well. Now all that data is not finalized. That's based on our estimates. So the markets overall for mature regions actually, we believe, moderated in Q1, and that's off of a very tough comp of Q1 of last year, Ghansham. So that's kind of already baked in, a little bit of that tough comps, if you will, from last year as far as the growth within the markets, to what we're seeing. Now conversely, what you're seeing in the emerging markets, as we said, those are up significantly within LGM. So China was pretty soft. Q1 of last year was soft relatively throughout much of the year. And we saw a big, strong performance here in Q1 and would expect, as that economy continues to rebound, we continue to see good, strong momentum on volumes and so forth within that business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets.
Anthony Pettinari: I was wondering if it's possible to say when you'd expect to see price cost balance begin in LGM. I understand that you have a lot of offsets on restructuring savings. But how many quarters will it take you to get caught up with the pricing initiatives? And given a really unprecedented raw material inflation environment, are there any sort of special price increases or special measures that you're undertaking to recover costs?
Gregory Lovins: Yes. Thanks, Anthony. So I think to the last part of your question, of course, at the beginning of the year, particularly in North America - or really at the end of last year, in North America, we started to see the spike in chemicals and films with propylene going up. And we did implement a surcharge there. And I think we've also implemented a surcharge in a couple of other regions as well when we've seen some chemical increases through the first quarter. At the same time, though, as we moved through Q1, we started to see inflationary pressures continue to increase as I talked about a bit earlier. And we expect more of a sequential increase here in the second quarter, probably in the mid-single-digit range from Q1 to Q2, in particular. So from a perspective of managing that or covering that, we always take a 2-pronged approach as you've heard us talk about before, looking at material cost reengineering to take cost out as well as reducing pricing or increasing pricing to cover the rest of that. So I think overall, we're looking at over a period of time, continuing to be able to cover the inflationary pressures between those 2 levers. Typically, we do have a quarter or so lag as we've talked about before as well, and we'd expect to see a similar level here this year. We, actually in the Q1 year-over-year, still had some price down from some of the deflation we had last year.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just on the chip shortages and any potential impact to your global automotive business in IHM or RFID, we've heard about that impacting readers. Any kind of finer point you can put on the impact of the chip shortage, either in the quarter or maybe the risk for the remainder of the year?
Mitchell Butier: Yes. Well, Anthony, so we're seeing - if you talk about end markets, automotive being a good example, we definitely would be impacted by whatever is happening in the end markets there, and the chip shortage would be impacting that. We talked about our strong growth, and that's including in automotive in Q1, even adjusting for the easier comps. So that's definitely something that should be part of your outlook. It's part of ours, for sure. We think there's also going to be some pent-up demand for automobiles as well. So that's something that we would see as a bit temporary, if you will. More broadly, if you think of RFID, so from our own supply chain standpoint and so forth, we feel that we're in a good position to continue to meet our objectives for this year, next year and so forth. Obviously, we've had to jump through a few more hoops, moving one - things around between various suppliers and so forth. But we feel that we're in a good position overall from that perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: Just maybe a follow-up on the raw material side. Just given all of the supply-related issues, the surge in raw material issues, did you have any issues in actually getting material for the quarter? Or do you foresee any for 2Q? And as best you can tell, are you in a similar boat as your competitors? Or did you maybe fare just better just given your scale? I guess how should we think about that?
Mitchell Butier: Well, we absolutely had a lot more hoops to jump through here in the quarter, particularly because of what happened in North America, John, with the Texas winter storm as I called out. So there was - we were able to leverage our global scale, sourcing material from various regions as well as just our site overall. But yes, this definitely had an impact in the entire industry, including us, on lead times. So our lead times were a bit longer than the normal 2 days. There were a few days throughout the - since that winter storm and continue to be a little bit of elevated levels overall. So yes, it has impacted lead times, not our ability to overall meet customer demands. And as far as on a relative basis, we haven't seen the share data for North America specifically yet. So I can't comment specifically on that, but we feel that we were probably in a better position on a relative basis than the broader market.
John McNulty: Got it. Fair enough. And then maybe you can just speak to on the RFID front, obviously, some really solid volumes. And it sounds like even your excitement level, which has always been pretty high here, it sounds like it may be even higher, and the investment that you're putting into it may be stronger. I guess how should we think about just given all the pilot programs you've been doing, the - what seems to be COVID kind of putting an incremental light on the importance of supply chain management, I guess, how should we think about the ability for at least the next 12 to 18 months, call it, for this business to even accelerate from the high levels that it's at right now?
Mitchell Butier: Well, John, you said our level of excitement is increasing. Maybe we were understated in the past. We've been consistently energized about what this business can do. Yes, as far as with the next 12, 18 months, we've laid out that we expect this business to be able to grow 15% to 20% over the long term. We continue to have that conviction. And as those get on to be ever - built upon ever larger numbers, it has an even greater impact on the overall growth trajectory of the company. So as we said, we have a number of years still ahead of us on just retail apparel adoption. We see huge opportunities in other categories, food and logistics as examples. And we're looking to further build on our RFID capabilities as we build out the Intelligent Label platform. So it's very consistent with what we've been talking about, and we continue to be energized by the opportunities that lie ahead.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Your operating cash flow in the first quarter was a couple of hundred million. And normally, it's a really low number relative to the other quarters. And it looks like you managed your payables differently than you've done it historically. And that usually payables don't change very much year-over-year, but this time, maybe they were up $150 million. Are you doing something different in working capital?
Gregory Lovins: Jeff, this is Greg. So on working capital, I think it's a number of fronts really that we've been driving. One is, obviously, last year, at this point in time, we were seeing customers stretch payments a little bit. DSO had gone up a bit last year. And this year, that's back down 7 days or so better than it was a year ago. We've also improved our inventory turns. And our DPO isn't too much different now than it was at the end of Q1 last year. It's really just the change from prior year. And we did have as we talked about last quarter, just given the calendar shift, a little bit more of payments that otherwise would have flown into Q1 that went out in Q4 of last year. So that's really the biggest difference on a payables perspective when we look at this quarter versus others. It's not that we've made a significant change in terms or other things on a more ongoing basis.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: And in your Label and Graphic Material business, when you think about your China volumes, if China - did you think that they were unusually strong in the quarter? And if they weren't and they kept on at this level, what might the volume comparison be year-over-year?
Mitchell Butier: Yes. Jeff, I'm not sure exactly. So the China volume was quite strong, and it's coming off of a weak comp. So China last year was down. That's where the pandemic started. And it's relatively anemic through most of the year. So the comps are not as easy, I'd say, going through the rest of the year, but still relatively easy based on what generally overall GDP is doing within China and so forth. So we do expect - we've got tougher comps, if you will, in the mature regions and a little bit easier comps in China as an example.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Maybe I should have asked it differently. Sequentially, did China change very much?
Gregory Lovins: Yes, China had strong growth in the quarter over prior year. And last year is, obviously, when we saw more of the impact from COVID early in Q1 of last year. And China started to recover a bit in Q2 last year and then recover more in the back half. So the comp is certainly a different impact this year in the first quarter. I think from a run rate perspective, we continue to see some improvement, but a lot of year-over-year growth this quarter was really due to the comps from last year.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. So Jeff, Q1 on just a pure sequential is above Q4 overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Adam Josephson: Congrats on another really good quarter. Greg, the - so you raised your organic sales growth range by 4 points. And if I heard you correctly, I think price - incremental price is about 1 point of that. Please correct me if I'm wrong there. So assuming your volume expectation went up by about 3 points for the year, can you just talk about which regions and end markets particularly surprised you to the upside in the quarter such that you moved the range up by as much as you did?
Gregory Lovins: Yes. So I guess price, we would expect to be a couple of points this year, given inflation in that kind of mid- to high single-digit range. So again, from a year-over-year perspective, price was down a little in Q1. We'd expect it to be up as we move through the course of the year, given the price increases that were taking effect at the tail end of Q1, in particular, and early here in Q2. So we did raise organic, maybe not - or the volume growth, I guess, maybe not quite as much as you indicated. But we certainly raised it just based on the strong growth that we saw coming out of the first quarter across the portfolio really. And then as Mitch already talked about, in April, we're really seeing the rebound and especially in the businesses that were most hardest hit last year. So looking at the year-over-year comps in April isn't as meaningful just given that was really the trough month for a lot of the declines last year in RBIS and Graphics and IHM. But overall, net of the price - the preprice increase, prebuy, continue to see strong volumes as we entered April. So that's what gives us the confidence to increase the range for the year.
Mitchell Butier: Adam, just to build on that, if you look at our shift in our growth outlook for the year, when we were at Investor Day, we laid out our long-term objectives of 5% plus CAGR through 2025 ex currency. And we said from 2022 and beyond, it'd be 4% plus. And basically, what we're communicating, we couldn't really tell the timing of the recovery and how quick it would come back. We knew by 2022, between this year and next, it will be fully back. And it seems to be coming in a bit quicker than our assumptions were originally. So definitely, things are picking up faster than we had anticipated for the reasons that we've talked about and Greg's referred to. But when you think about long-term perspective, think about it as we weren't sure exactly what the pace and timing of the recovery would be. It seems to be happening a bit quicker than we had - anybody had previously known.
Adam Josephson: And I appreciate that, Mitch. And just one follow-up on that. So you had really strong growth in China, which has obviously mostly rid itself of the virus by now. Brazil is almost the exact opposite. And it's one of the worst-hit countries in the world, and yet those were two of your strongest countries in 1Q if I heard you correctly. So what is the common denominator here in terms of the strong growth you're experiencing?
Mitchell Butier: Well, one, there's the general - I mean, the common denominators, e-commerce and focus on consumer packaged goods broadly. Specifically within those, it's a bit different in Brazil. They've had a huge surge in COVID-19, which has a normal migration we've seen elsewhere towards consumer packaged goods. But you also have a lot of stimulus. And so a lot of money in a lot of people's hands, and they are - they're spending it. So that is a different - very different than what we're seeing in China, of course.
Operator: We now have a question from the line of Neel Kumar with Morgan Stanley Investment Research.
Neel Kumar: Great. Can you just give us a sense of what's embedded in your full year guidance in terms of incremental margins for the consolidated company and by segment? Is it still fair to expect a stronger margin step-up from RBIS and IHM just given a higher proportion of value-added categories?
Gregory Lovins: Yes. I guess - so broadly looking at the years, we - as we talked about when we came into 2021 in our last call, looking at high level coming into the year, maintaining or even growing a bit our margins year-over-year, with the biggest part of that growth coming from RBS, obviously, which was depressed last year, particularly in the second quarter when the trough of the pandemic. So looking at that to recover closer to or maybe better than 2019 levels within RBIS and then continuing to move IHM towards its long-term target. So we expect to continue following that path as we look across the course of the year and continue to drive growth, particularly in those segments. In LGM, we did grow margin 2 points last year. And obviously, with the inflationary pressures here this year, wouldn't look for as much margin growth in LGM as we would see in the other segments in 2021.
Neel Kumar: That's helpful. And then within the graphics business, you realized 9% organic growth in the quarter. In the past, I think you've talked about this business historically taking about 4 to 6 quarters before you recover from a downturn. Can you discuss some of those drivers of strength and faster-than-anticipated recovery?
Mitchell Butier: So just generally, I would say it's the increase in - that you would normally see, compounded by people have - spending more time on focusing on customizing their cars and putting on car wraps and so forth. And then we also believe we've captured some share, particularly here in North America.
Operator: And we now have a question from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Securities.
George Staphos: My first question was going to focus on RBIS. And kind of the first part of that, in particular, with Intelligent Labels, the 15% to 20% long-term target and the 20% growth that you saw in the first quarter is certainly very, very good. If there was a gating factor in terms of demand or the ability to grow even beyond that, where would it lie? Would it be your customers' willingness to trial and have the capital to do these trials? Or is it on the Avery side in terms of your ability to manage that type of growth? Or is it in the supply chain? How should we think about that if you - if there is, in fact, growth beyond the current range?
Mitchell Butier: Yes. So we think the 15% to 20% is the right range overall, George, as we've reiterated. And as far as the gating factor, if you look at within apparel, it's not our ability to roll this out or anything. It's just there's a normal adoption curve as you go through these things. And we're always - when you actually go to first adoption for a particular retailer or brand, there's a big surge for that individual retail brand, creating tougher comps for the next level of rollout, so forth and so on. So we think that's the right target overall for the business. So that's on apparel. If you look outside of apparel, I mean, it's very nascent, but we see a huge amount of opportunity there and a lot of pilots going on. And it's where apparel was 5, 6 years ago. We expect the lead time between much greater adoption and being at the pilot phase to be shorter than what it was in apparel. But that's essentially where it is. So very different whether you look at apparel, which is the primary driver of growth, if you look at growth dollars right now and for the coming years, and the newer categories we talked through. The only other thing I'll say is the pipeline has been up quite significantly within apparel even. So that was an accelerant. What happened with COVID was an accelerant within the apparel category, specifically, over the last - from where we were 12 months ago. And we expect that we'll continue to see momentum and rollouts from those customers that we're working with now.
George Staphos: That's very helpful. Second part of the question, and then I'll throw my other one. I thought I heard you say that within RBIS, you had some benefit from releasing reserves on receivables. If I heard that correctly, could you quantify that? Or if I didn't catch that correctly, just state what you were getting at there. And then if you could talk about the other costs. I think you said the majority of the other temporary cost savings have come back into the P&L, but there's still some amount related to travel that hasn't come in, recognizing that's not going to come in until the businesses actually can sustain that, right, because you're required to travel and so on for commercial purposes. How would those numbers - how would you parse that? What's come in? What has yet to come in from the temporary cost saves?
Gregory Lovins: All right. Thanks, George. Just on your first question, this is really about in the first quarter of last year, if you recall, at the start of the pandemic when really retail apparel started to get impacted heavily in the month of March, we saw some delays in payments and some things happening in the market there where we took more receivables reserves. We since worked through that through most of last year. So it wasn't really an item in Q1 of this year. It's really just more about the comparison to prior year, where we had a headwind last year in the first quarter that didn't repeat this year. And then on the temp cost piece, as we talked about earlier, last year, we had about $135 million of temporary cost savings, and that was split into a few buckets. One was really volume-related items. And that was more about half - or sorry, about half of the overall savings. That's items like temporary cost reduction, overtime reduction, some furloughs, et cetera. And the majority of that, by the way, was really in Q2 of last year when we had the volume trough. And then another portion of that was incentive compensation, and the remainder was belt-tightening costs such as travel and other type of expenses like that. So the volume piece has clearly come back as we saw volume return late last year and into the first quarter as well as the incentive compensation pieces coming back here in the first quarter of 2021 as well. So it's really that last piece around more discretionary type of spend, belt-tightening type of spend that we would expect some of that to have come back already in Q1 and the rest to come back as we move through the year and people start traveling more and things like that. So we still would expect the majority of those savings to be a headwind this year versus what it was a year ago. And that would reduce a little bit - particularly in Q2, where we had the bulk of that savings last year, that would reduce a little bit of the flow-through from the incremental growth year-over-year as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from Josh Spector with UBS Securities.
Joshua Spector: Just on the LGM margins and to kind of follow up on some of the price cost kind of dynamics here. I don't know if you could provide us some context of what you think the exit rate is for LGM this year. Given what you guys stepped up last year over 2019, do you think - is that a sustainable level? Margins have stepped up for you and key peers, but what makes you confident in the margin level of that business? Or what are some of the puts and takes we should think about?
Gregory Lovins: Yes. Thanks, Josh. So I think we don't give margin targets by BU, I guess, right now for the year. But when we look at where we exited last year, and we talked about - or I talked about a few minutes ago and I think in our last call, our focus on margins for the year, we really expected more growth in RBIS and IHM. In LGM, had already grown a couple of points last year as you said, just looking more to hold that this year. And we've done that, obviously, in the first quarter, but it's not just really about price. It's a bit in the heavy amount of volume growth that we talked about in Q1 as well as a significant amount of productivity. So a lot of the restructuring costs that we talked about came in LGM, particularly in the graphics side of the business, but also with some footprint actions in North America over the last year or so as well. So it's been a combination of driving productivity and continuing to drive that over time, the ongoing every year productivity as well as periodic restructuring type of productivity that's helped drive those margins, in addition to the strong volumes that we've seen recently.
Joshua Spector: I appreciate that. And just as a follow-up, you talked about the raw material increases and the impact of that near term. How about any cost impact that's kind of baked into your thoughts for the next couple of quarters or maybe using a different formulation that might be more expensive to supply a customer or logistic costs that might be added in this current environment? Is there anything that you would call out as kind of more temporary over the next couple of quarters that's built in?
Gregory Lovins: Well, I think in addition to raw material costs, we have seen cost increases, especially in ocean freight. We've seen cost increases even in things like pallet costs, for instance, as wood costs have gone up a little bit in certain regions. So when we think about inflation, we're looking at it more broadly than just materials. We're looking at all of our input costs, freight and supplies and other things as well. And those are areas where we look to get more productive where we can through productivity actions and then also obviously, increasing price. And we take all those things into account when we think about pricing actions or surcharges on freight and things like that also.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. And Josh, just to build on just broader context here. As Greg said, our objective, we've - we're an EVA-driven company, looking from the optimum point between organic growth margins and capital intensity. And we had expanded LGM margins quite a bit going - last year. We said our objective, as Greg already said, was to hold it this year. So that's the overall context. In Q1 specifically, if you recall, we had accelerated a number of restructuring actions. We still have the temporary cost savings as well as the fact that we had the variable flow-through of the prebuy happening. And the margin you see, we remain confident in our ability to hold the margin level based on what we see now, hold the margin level that we had last year. Now that is the total across the regions. A lot of the cost pressures, both raw material as well as the other factors that Greg called out, are disproportionately in Q1 were in North America. So North America is actually having a profitability challenge right now as far as where they are. So the average doesn't necessarily tell the story of what's happening within each region. And I know a lot of us here sitting in the States can see things more of what's happening here. So there's definitely a little bit more of a challenge there that we're working through in both from driving productivity, working with our supply chain partners as well as raising prices right now.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line Rosemarie Morbelli with G. Research.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Well, I recognize it is a small piece of your business, but I am talking about health care. And I know you have great expectations for that business. So can you touch on what is behind the decline? Is it more a question of difficult comps versus a higher demand last year? Or are there other underlying reasons for it?
Gregory Lovins: Yes. So the health care portion of IHM is really 2 components. One is our kind of medical tape business, and the other would be what we call personal care tapes such as diaper tapes. When we look at medical tapes over the last number of quarters, we've seen, just given a reduction in the number of elective surgeries and things like that, a bit of a reduction that we think we're kind of working through at this point, but a bit of a reduction over the last few quarters of medical tapes as a result of some of those type of activities being lower than they normally would be. Where we actually saw a decline in this quarter was in diaper tapes. So a year ago, we actually saw an increase there, partially due to some of the surge in stocking up by consumers at the beginning of the pandemic in the U.S. and Europe, in particular. And so we're just seeing a little bit of a comp headwind year-over-year in the diaper tape side in particular.
Rosemarie Morbelli: All right. And then looking at the Smartrac acquisition, have you seen any benefit in terms of expanding your RFID in markets such as auto, food and other markets, which they were bringing some business into?
Mitchell Butier: Yes, absolutely. So Smartrac has been a very fortuitous acquisition for us thus far, given just the continued ramp across all end markets. Specifically, your question around industrial and automotive applications, those actually, as you would expect, given the end markets, declined a bit since the acquisition due to COVID. But as far as the pipeline and the customers we're working with, the number of programs where we've already got ramping up adoption right now, we do continue to see good opportunity there. The key element here was the end market access, you mentioned, Rosemarie, as well as the just broader capabilities. They are very complementary to what we had as a legacy RFID business as well. So overall, the acquisition is meeting and exceeding our expectations on top and bottom line.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets.
Christopher Kapsch: Mitch, in response to a prior question, you mentioned that some of the disruptions and higher raw material costs were more acute and skewed North America. So I'm just wondering if that would imply that your pricing actions were more aggressive also in North America. And really curious if the prebuy, therefore, was more pronounced in North America. I was curious, further, the outsized growth in emerging markets, I was wondering how much they're benefiting from prebuy.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. So we're not - without getting into too much detail, overall, it's not just a by region, it's also by category. So films and chemicals is where we tend to see the broad-based level of inflation in Q1. North America definitely was feeling it first, and it's where we announced some of the first price increases in the quarter. But since then, U.S. kind of led the way, but the rest of the regions have been following as far as the raw material inflation that they're seeing. So when you look at a sequential Q1 to Q2, it's pretty broad-based overall. As far as the prebuy, we're seeing elements of that in a number of regions, but North America is definitely one and then some in the emerging markets as well. Specifically, China is where we believe that we've seen some detectable levels of prebuy.
Christopher Kapsch: Okay. And then on the margins in the LGM segment, you mentioned that volumes but also mix contributed and makes sense on the mix with graphics and reflective recovering stronger than you expected and with the outsized growth in emerging markets. So - because you've said in the past that emerging markets carry higher margins than the more mature Western markets. So I'm just wondering if - any way you could parse out the margin benefit from volume leverage versus mix in terms of the margin improvement in the LGM segment?
Gregory Lovins: Yes. Chris, I don't know if I'd parse out specifically. Clearly, there's a benefit from both, just the strong volumes overall on the Label and Packaging Materials side, and we saw that in the base. But we also saw strong volumes on durable labels and specialty labels, particularly in a handful of regions as well. So there's kind of broad-based strength, not just on graphics and reflective, but also in the kind of durable side of the label business, which typically has a little bit higher variable margins as well. So good mix from strong growth in those areas as well as just really strong volumes on the base portion of LPM as well.
Operator: We now have a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Securities.
George Staphos: Greg, I just wanted to double back. So the comparative factor versus first quarter of last year in terms of the reserves on receivables, what would that have been quarter versus quarter? A few million dollars, $10 million? Just trying to ballpark it. And then I had a question on sustainability.
Gregory Lovins: Yes. From a year-over-year perspective, we saw an impact, and we talked about this last year in Q1, really on the graphics side of the business within LGM. And then within the apparel business is where we saw more of that in the first quarter of last year. So that was probably in the 10-plus cent range from that perspective last year.
George Staphos: Okay. And then my other question, I was going through your sustainability data, and it looks like you've done a pretty good job of reducing your GHG emissions relative where they've been a few years ago. And same thing on waste generation. I know it's not one thing or three things even, but if there are a couple of highlights in terms of what you're doing on those - in those areas to reduce generation, what would they be?
Mitchell Butier: Yes. Thanks, George. Yes. So specifically, I would say it was just making it a priority and area of focus. If you recall, in the past, if you go back 6, 7 years ago, we had said we were going to start focusing our engineering teams and so forth, not just on driving productivity on the P&L, but also on capital intensity and improving our capital efficiency overall. We made great strides there. And then a number of years ago, we then said we also want to shift our focus towards reducing the environmental impact of our business. So on greenhouse gas emissions, specifically. A lot of it was just reducing the energy intensity of our plants as far as reducing the amount of natural gas that we use and so forth and electricity and just redesigning our processes, specifically on the manufacture of our goods and operations of our plants. So really just an area of focus, and there's not, like you said, one or 2 big things. It's a lot of little actions, and it's just about setting a goal and measuring progress and performance every step of the way and giving a lot of the visibility and attention from senior management cascaded on down. And as you saw in our new targets that we laid out through 2030, in addition to raising the bar on reducing the environmental impact of our business, both on greenhouse gas and responsibly sourcing materials, we're talking about how we reduce the environmental impact of our products, delivering innovations that advance the circular economy, continuing to reduce the environmental impact of our operations as I said, and obviously, making a positive social impact in our communities.
Operator: Mr. Butier, I will now turn the call back to you for any closing remarks. Thank you.
Mitchell Butier: Okay. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining. And once again, I just want to send a huge thanks to the entire team for their tremendous agility and just continued commitment to excellence. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And that, ladies and gentlemen, concludes the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Thank you once again.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-03 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. During the presentation, all participants will be in listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Welcome to Avery Dennisons Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year Ended January, 2, 2021. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from noon, Pacific Time, today through midnight Pacific Time, February 6. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284, or for international callers, Plus 1-402-977-9140. The conference ID number is 21969418. I'd now like to turn the call over to John Eble, Avery Dennisons Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
John Eble: Thank you, Mulad. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified, and reconciled with GAAP on Schedules A4 to A9 of the financial statements accompanying today's release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. We undertake no obligation to update these statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances other than as may be required by law. On the call today are Mitch Butier, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Operator: Mr. Butier got disconnected. One moment please. Well get him.
John Eble: Yeah, lets give Mitch one minute to rejoin.
Mitch Butier: Okay. Thanks, John and hello, everyone. Good day. Apologies for that quick technical glitch there. The line dropped. So, as you can see from our results we continue to prove our resilience across business cycles at the company. We delivered another year of strong earnings growth with adjusted EPS of 8% and record free cash flow despite a 2% decline on the top line. We said coming into this year that a key focus of ours in a lower growth environment would be to protect our overall profitability. We delivered on that promise. Margins again expanded significantly reflecting the successful execution of our long term strategies, as well as the team's fast response and implementing temporary cost saving actions. The result combined with better than expected volumes in the second half essentially accelerated the margin expansion we had planned for 2021 into 2020 enabling us to deliver EBITDA margins of over 15%. Our strong performance reflects the remarkable preparedness and incredible agility of our teams who have come together extraordinarily well in navigating one of the most challenging periods we've experienced as a company. In this environment, our focus continues to be on ensuring the health and well-being of our employees delivering for our customers, supporting our communities, and minimizing the impact of the recession for our shareholders while continuing to invest in the long-term success of the company. Im pleased with the progress we're making on all fronts. Now, despite our best efforts to protect employee health, we have identified roughly 1,00 confirmed cases of the virus within our 30,000 plus workforce with the majority of cases reflecting community spread rather than a work-based source of infection. Fortunately, over 80% of the employees impacted have already recovered. The recent surge of confirmed cases in a number of the regions in which we operate highlights the continued uncertainty of the current environment as well as the importance of remaining vigilant with respect to safety and agile in meeting customer needs. In light of the significant challenges throughout 2020 we also took additional measures in support of our employees and communities. We provided additional compensation and benefits in the early stages of the pandemic to reduce the financial impact on employees and some of the hardest hit regions. We provided supplemental payments to our frontline workers to thank them for their courage and agility in serving our customers essential needs. And we stepped up our level of community engagement including an additional $10 million contribution for charitable causes. I'm pleased with the continued progress we are making towards the success of all of our stakeholders as evidenced by the fact that we are on track to deliver the vast majority of our long-term financial and sustainability objectives. Our consistent performance reflects the strength of our markets, our industry leading positions, the strategic foundations we've laid and our agile and talented team. We are focused on the consistent execution of our five key strategies. Driving outsize growth and high value categories, growing profitability in our base businesses, continuing our relentless focus on productivity, being highly disciplined capital allocators, and leading with environmentally and socially responsible practices and solutions. In 2020 we made progress on each high value categories again outperformed. We protected even grew margins in our base businesses we delivered $200 million of cost reduction both structural and temporary. We completed two acquisitions Smartrac which significantly accelerates our strategies and capabilities to build our intelligent label platform with RFID. And ACPO which enhances our position in our North American label and graphics materials business. Lastly, we continue to make solid progress towards our 2025 sustainability goals. We have substantially reduced the environmental impact of our operations while focusing increasingly on the development and launch of more innovative environmentally friendly products and solutions. Now, a quick summary of our results by business. LGM adjusted operating margin expanded 180 basis points to just above 15% for the year on a modest decline in revenue. In label and packaging materials underlying label demand has remained strong throughout the downturn given the increased consumption of consumer packaged goods and e-commerce trends while a somewhat more cyclical graphics and reflective solutions business declined. From the start of the pandemic until now volume trends for LGM have varied more than usual throughout the year. From March through December overall our North American label business has grown mid to high-single digits roughly double the long term average for the region while Europe has grown low to mid-single digits comparable to the region's long term average. And while the mature regions have grown at or above their long term average since March Asia Pacific volumes were below their long-term trend, up low single digits across the period. This lower than usual growth in Asia was due to the declines from March to June before rebounding to mid-single digit volume growth in the second half. In Retail Branding and Information Solutions revenue and margins were both down for the year. Following a sharp decline in Q2 demand improved sequentially in the second half with Q4 coming in at 3% organic growth. We delivered more than a full point of margin expansion in the second half driven by the better than anticipated volume and tight cost controls. Enterprise wide RFID sales grew more than 40% for the year on a constant currency basis reflecting the contribution of the Smartrac acquisition and organic growth of 9% for the year. Organic growth of RFID rebounded quickly in the second half up roughly 20% driven primarily by apparel. Outside of apparel we are seeing increasing interest in new applications within food and logistics among other categories. The momentum in these applications is focused on driving labor efficiency, improving availability of products and the migration to e-commerce. As the leader in ultra-high frequency RFID we are positioned extremely well to capture these opportunities with industry leading innovation and manufacturing capabilities and the best most experienced team in the space. We continue to expect long-term growth of 15% to 20% as we build RFID into a broader intelligent label platform which is now a more than $500 million business. And as for Industrial and Healthcare Materials we expanded margin in the segment for the year despite lower revenue. IHM returned to growth in Q4 and we continue to make progress toward our long-term profitability target here. To recap, we delivered another year of strong earnings growth and free cash flow despite challenging market conditions. We entered this crisis from a position of financial, operational, and commercial strength, and we'll emerge from it even stronger. We are once again proving our resilience as a company and our ability to consistently deliver for all of our stakeholders. And we remain confident in our ability to continue to deliver GDP plus growth and top quartile return on capital. We look forward to sharing more about our long-term objectives and strategies to all of your at our Investor Day next month. And I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, Mitch and hello, everybody. I'll first provide an update today on a performance against our long-term goals and then walking through our fourth quarter performance and our outlook for 2021. Slide 11 of our supplemental presentation materials provides an update on our progress against the five-year targets that we communicated in 2017. And recall that this represents our third set of long-term goals after meeting or beating our previous two sets. The consistent execution of our key strategies enables us to continue delivering against our targets with an overriding focus on delivering GDP plus growth in top quartile returns on capital over the long term. As you can see, we are largely on track to deliver once again. Over the four-year period, sales growth on a constant currency basis is up nearly 4% annually with organic growth of 2% annually. While both are below our initial target largely due to the late stage recession in this cycle, we are achieving our objective of growing above GDP over this period. Reporting operating margin was 11.6% in 2020 or 12.4% on an adjusted basis, up significantly from roughly 10% in 2016. Additionally, our EBITDA margin was above 15 percent in 2020. And as always, our focus will continue to be the optimal balance of growth, margins, and capital efficiency to drive incremental EVA over the long term. Our adjusted earnings per share is up over 15% annually largely driven by the solid top line growth and strong margin expansion. And our return on total capital came in at 18% for 2020, above our 17% target reflecting top quartile performance relative to our capital market peers. And our balance sheet remains strong with our net debt to EBITDA ratio below the low end of our target range, giving us ample capacity to continue executing our strategies. Our consistent progress towards achieving these long term goals reflects the diversity of our end markets, the strength of our position in those markets, and our resilience and agility as an organization to adjust course when needed. At the same time that we communicated our financial goals through 2021, we also laid out a five-year plan for capital allocation which you can see on slide 12. We're tracking well against this plan starting with strong cash flow generation. We've deployed a total of $3.4 billion over the last four years, allocating it in line with our long term plan. And clearly our current leverage position gives us ample capacity to continue investing organically as well as through strategic acquisitions while continuing to return cash to shareholders in a disciplined way. Now let me turn to the fourth quarter. Overall, financial results were strong with adjusted earnings per share of $2.27, up 31% versus prior year, reflecting better than expected top and bottom line performance in each of our segments. We grew sales by 12.3% or 3.2% on an organic basis. And currency translation increased reported sales growth by 2.3 points. In the extra week in the fourth quarter increase reported sales by 4.9%. Adjusted operating margin increased by 160 basis points to 13.5% reflecting significant margin expansion in each operating segment. Our tight near-term cost controls in this environment combined with a flow through benefit from a volume surge late in the quarter. As well as our ongoing structural productivity actions in a benefit from the 53rd week drove strong margin expansion in Q4. And we realized $18 million of restructuring savings net of transition costs in the quarter due in part to the long term actions that we accelerated into 2020 particularly in RBIS. And for the year we generated $548 million of free cash flow up 7% compared to 2019. Total capital and IT spending came in at $219 million higher than recent expectations as we accelerated investment in our high value categories particularly in RFID. And as mentioned previously our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio at year-end of '17. And as we've proven our ability to manage through the compounding global crisis we face this year we've been putting that leverage capacity to work. For the year we deployed $350 million for strategic acquisitions as well as returned $301 million to shareholders through the combination of share repurchases and a growing dividend. Now, let me turn to segment results for the quarter. Label and graphic material sales increased by 3.6% on an organic basis driven by the net effect increased by 3.6% on an organic basis driven by the net effect of volume and mix. And sales improve sequentially across all regions. Label and Packaging Material sales were up mid-single digits organically, benefiting from a late quarter pandemic related surge in demand. In specialty and durable label categories grew high single digits but low to mid-single digit growth in the base business. Graphics and Reflective sales were down mid-single digits, reflecting modest sequential improvement after rebounding significantly in Q3 following the sharp decline in Q2 as a result of the government mandated lockdowns time. Looking into segment sales trends by region in Q4. In North America, LGM sales were up mid-single digits organically for the quarter with the LPM of up high single digits while Graphics declined modestly. In Europe, LGM sales for the quarter are roughly flat on an organic basis, reflecting strong sequential improvement. LPM was up low single digits while Graphics declined by high single digits. And in Asia, LGM was up low single digits for the quarter on an organic basis with relatively consistent growth across the countries. LGMs adjusted operating margin increased 210 basis points to 15.4%, as the benefits of productivity, favorable volume and mix in raw material deflation net of pricing, more than offset higher employee related costs. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions, RBIS sales were up 11.6% ex-currency, and up 3.1% on an organic basis, reflecting continued improvement in both the high value categories and the base business as retailers geared up for the holiday season early on in the quarter. High-value categories were up nearly 20% organically, with enterprise-wide RFID sales up 55% ex-currency and up 21% on an organic basis. And the base business was down low- to mid-single digits. Looking at the total apparel business, the value channel outperformed all the other channels and was up 40% organically for the quarter. And adjusted operating margin for the segment increased 210 basis points to 15.7%. The significant margin expansion was driven by productivity initiatives, including accelerated structural actions and temporary cost controls, along with the better-than-anticipated volumes. These benefits were partially offset by higher employee-related costs. Turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment, sales increased by 0.7% on an organic basis as a high-single-digit increase for industrial categories, reflecting continued sequential improvement in transfer automotive applications in particular, was partially offset by a mid-single-digit decline in health care categories. Adjusted operating margin increased by 210 basis points to 12.3% as the benefits from higher volume and productivity more than offset higher employee-related costs. So turning now to our outlook for 2021, we anticipate adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $7.65 to $8.05. We've outlined some of the key contributing factors to this guidance on slide 18 of our supplemental presentation materials. We estimate that organic sales growth will be approximately 3% to 7%, with the midpoint of that range reflecting continued recovery in our end markets across the segments. The extra week in the fourth quarter of 2020 will be a headwind of little more than a point to reported sales growth, and a roughly $0.15 headwind to EPS for the full year. We anticipate Q1 will benefit by roughly $0.10 based on the shift in the calendar more than offset by a roughly $0.25 to headwind down in Q4. Based on recent rates currency translation is a roughly 2 point tailwind to reported sales growth with an estimated $25 million benefit to operating income. And we estimate incremental pre-tax savings from restructuring net of transition costs of roughly $70 million in 2021. Given we previously accelerated some 2021 actions into the second half of 2020, the vast majority of the savings represent a carryover impact from actions that we initiated last year. And we also expect a majority of the approximately $135 million in temporary cost savings we delivered in 2020 to be a headwind as markets recover. Moving to our outlook on the tax rate based on current regulations we expect both the GAAP and adjusted tax rates will be in the mid-20s for the full year. And we expect free cash flow to be more than $600 million in 2021. And finally we estimate average shares outstanding assuming dilution of $83 million to $84 million. In summary, despite the challenging environment we're pleased with the strategic and financial progress we made against our long-term goals in 2020. And we're confident in our ability to continue to deliver exceptional value through our strategies for long-term profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation. And now we'll open up the call for your questions.
Operator: And thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hey guys. Good day. Hope everyone's doing well. Yeah. I guess first question just on the LGM strength in the fourth quarter, 37% incremental margins year-over-year. I know you mentioned that there was late quarter surge but G&R also got weaker which is higher margin I think for that segment. So just curious if you can give us a little bit more color on the margin strength? And then on the strength in LPM from a volume standpoint in both November and December, was that just a function of expanded lockdowns in Europe and the US or just a much better e-commerce season or whatever details you can provide there would be helpful also?
GregLovins: Yeah. Thanks, Ghansham. Its Greg. So on the last part your question, certainly as you said you can see in the back side with the monthly numbers that we saw a pickup in the LPM side of the business in November and December. And yeah, we think that's a function similar to earlier in the year as there are more lockdowns particularly in Europe and in parts of the US, we saw more consumption of packaged goods late in the fourth quarter. So that was part of what lifted the volume growth in Q4. And that also then helped drive part of the Q4 margins for LGM. As we've talked about in the past, we've been driving the temporary cost savings with volumes coming in better than expected in the quarter that helped deliver stronger margins overall. At the same time, we did have the extra week in Q4 that actually turned out to be a pretty strong week and we did see that also have about a 30-basis point margin impact in LGM, as well as the total company level.
Ghansham Panjabi: Great. And then for my second question on the 3% to 7% core sales growth for 2021, how does that disaggregate between volumes and price the way you see it current in context of pulp prices going up and petrochemicals and so on, and we're in that range is one keep tracking thus far on a consolidated basis? Thanks again.
Greg Lovins: Yeah I think high-level, Ghansham, when we think about the range that we have for 2021, so the 3% to 7%. There's a couple overall big drivers. One is we've talked about intelligent labels. We still expect to grow in that 15% to 20% pace as we've talked about over the years and as we demonstrated certainly in the back half of 2020. That by itself given the size of the IO business now would add about 1 point to 1.5 half of overall growth for the company. At the same time when we look versus 2020 and we see the quarters that were hit the hardest Q2, and that a little bit of Q3. If we fully recovered that we think that would be somewhere in 3 to 4 points of growth for the year on a full year basis. We've built in about 2 to 3 points of growth on recovering some of that volume decline that we saw in those most quarters in 2020. So those are a couple of big, big drivers of the growth that we see year-over-year. At the same time, we would expect in the businesses that were hit the hardest in 2020 to have the biggest growth rates as we see that recovery come through in those segments.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Mitch and Greg, good morning and congrats on a really good end of the year Greg. Just wondering on your margin expectations for the year. It seems like you're expecting roughly flattish margins. I assume you would expect notable expansion in IHM and RBIS and perhaps some degradation in LGM margins given how good a year you had in 2020 in LGM. Can you just talk about your margin expectations either consolidated or by segment?
Greg Lovins: Yeah. So, I think in total when we look at the year as were headed into 2021 just as we were headed in 2020. We targeted and we talked about a year ago in a lower growth environment where we're targeting to hold margins and that would still be our expectation this year for a lower growth environment, continue to target holding margins. When you think just like you said across the company the range of our guidance assumptions includes a number of different factors depending on the environment and the macro. We would start expect to see certainly when you look at the second quarter when we had the trough in some of the businesses that had a margin impact there we would expect to see a larger recovery particularly in Q2. When you look more broadly as you've -- as you know when we've talked about in the past, our overall focus over time is balancing our top line growth with strong margins and strong capital efficiency in order to drive long-term growth in EVA and that's how we'll continue to think about it. So margins continues to be a big factor of course and continuing to drive margins but we're looking at the balance of those three things to drive long-term EVA growth over time.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. And just one more on the margin issue. So if I look at from 2015 onward all of the company's margin expansion has come from the SG&A line, I think SG&A as a percentage of sales has gone from almost 19% to down to 15% whereas gross margins have been basically flat over that period. This coming year and thereafter do you think more of your margin expansion is likely to come from the gross margin line or the SG&A line and perhaps why? Thank you.
Greg Lovins: Yeah. I think when you look over that longer period of time certainly we were  had a number of initiatives and we've talked about few years ago in RBS the acceleration and turnaround there and that included some reductions in SG&A and other areas. So there was some focus on that. I think when we look even 2020 we start to see our gross margins improve quite a bit from the inflationary cycle that we had a couple years before that. So we expect to continue driving strong productivity and SG&A over time but we would also expect to continue to see gross profits improve over time as well.
Operator: And our next question is from Neel Kumar, Morgan Stanley Investments. Please go ahead.
Neel Kumar: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Could you just discuss how your LTM volumes in the fourth quarter compared to the industry? And were there any specific regions you would call out where you've gained or lost some market share?
Greg Lovins: Yes, Neel. Overall, if you look at or if youre asking a share question for LTM business, so labels specifically, we don't have all the market data in for the two regions where we get it but generally for the full year, share positions are pretty comparable for 2020 versus 2019. If you look at where we are specifically in the fourth quarter, in Europe, we are our share positions where we wanted to be. In North America, we're a little bit behind where we want to be. Thats overall for the year. We've been  our share positions been pretty constant and where we are for fourth quarter.
Neel Kumar: Thanks. That's helpful. And then just for RFID, you talked in the past about the addressable market in apparel. I think 30% or so penetrated. Where do you think that penetration rate can go over the next several years? And then, more generally, in terms of your 15% to 20% long-term RFID growth guidance, [indiscernible] outside that range given the potential acceleration in adoption rates or is the RFID base business already pretty large, as said, will get incrementally harder to achieve that?
Mitch Butier: Yes. Overall -- two questions there. As far as the apparel adoption rate, so apparel continue -- I mean the pandemic has really -- what we've seen is a second inflection point, if you will, an acceleration of activity not just Tier 1 but a lot of Tier 2 retailers and brand in addition to Tier 1. So a significant amount of our pipeline is also apparel growth. We've traditionally said were roughly a third penetrated. It's clearly a bit more than that. But we also said over time we expect the addressable market to increase a bit over time as well. So that's where we are in an addressable market, its still quite a bit of upside overall within apparel. And you see obviously a huge opportunities outside of apparel. And so to your question of 15% to 20%, do we see upside of that? Yeah, I mean we see huge opportunity for us. It's really around developing market opportunities and then capturing those opportunities. We see a significant long term potential here. The 15% to 20% we've created because there's a certain level of just pace of adoptions that we go through. And given the size of this business, being over $500 million now. As Greg said, it's now adding 1.5 points to our overall growth. So that's a pretty significant amount of dollar growth every year if you look at it from that perspective. So we're clearly not limiting ourselves to what the upside can be. I mean, 15% to 20% is the right target. We're clearly -- aspirations are to develop this into a much larger business than is today, and we see it having a very long runway ahead of it. And in general, to your questions about addressable market and everything else, well definitely be updating all of that at our investor call -- Investor Day next month.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Josh Spector with UBS Securities. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking the question. Just within RBIS and the base ticket and labeled business. I mean there's obviously been some uncertainty on how first half of 2021 would play out given some of the weakness we saw in early last year. And I guess you've mentioned you'd have more visibility on that kind of after the holiday season. Just curious if you can give us an update on what customers are saying about order patterns and kind of inventories here over the next six months.
Mitch Butier: Yeah. So, generally, holiday was a bit stronger on the average, if you will, than retailers were expecting. So that bodes well. As far as -- its too early to say how things are playing out post the holiday, just the timing of the Lunar New Year. We have really easy comps this past week or so. So too tough to tell, we'll have a better read after January and February comp through the Lunar New Year. Overall, what you're seeing, though, is the North American market doing better than Europe. If you look at just apparel import trends alone, apparel imports in the US for the full year, they were down close to 20%. If you look at the last six months where the data is available, it was down 11%, and it's up a couple percent if you look at the last few months. So that does show an improving trend here in the US. Europe, however, continues to be down quite significantly, down around 20% or so the last few months. So a bit of a decoupling between US and Europe is what we're seeing right now, and generally holiday was a bit better than people had anticipated, and we're really going to need a little bit more time than just right after the holiday to get a good sense of where things play out. And I'd say Europe is the bigger question for us.
Josh Spector: Thanks. That's helpful. And I guess going back to the RFID side of things, I think there's generally a view that, with COVID, some of the impact might be some acceleration of adoption there. I guess I was wondering if you can give us a general view of what typically the timeline looks like until a customer first engages with you about the idea, you guys work with them to develop it, and then it actually rolls out, when we actually might see some of that kind of flow through your earnings a bit more.
Mitch Butier: Yeah. Within apparel, the timeline has shortened quite a bit from where it was a few years ago just because theres a -- technology has proven the business case is very robust. As far as learnings, you can translate from one retailer brand to another. So thats fairly quick. The average isnt that great but, say, six to nine months is what I would give as an estimate. Within other categories, it can vary quite a bit. It obviously is longer than that as far as the pipeline when it starts from just a business case and then moves into pilot and testing and so forth. So that takes a bit longer. I would say the biggest area of the pipeline growth that we're seeing, we talked about apparel having good increases within apparel overall, but outside of that and if we look at food, our pipeline is up quite significantly as well as with logistics up quite significantly. And we're seeing number of pilots that we expect, and the pilot phase will give us a million dollars of revenue or so here in 2021. And assuming their success wont convert, which were sure confident they will, they will turn into $5 million programs each individual one. So that's where we are. The food, we've been working for a while. They've accelerated a bit in the pandemic along with logistics. We'll see a bit more revenue here in 2021. And we expect that to be a base for more growth going into 2022.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Just a follow-up question on RFID and Smartrac. I think when you acquired Smartrac, I think you indicated it could be sort of modestly dilutive in 2020 given integration and interest expense costs. And as you said, margins would be sort of in line with the base business by 2022. Just wondering if that's still sort of accurate, how the business has performed relative to expectations and the growth rates that you called up for RFID is there any way that you could differentiate between RFID and the sort of the NFC technology that you acquired with Smartrac?
Mitch Butier: Well overall we look at the combined business and it is integrated so as far as how we, how we go to market and everything else. So the growth is basically on the combined of the two we have talked about specifically. If you look at Smartrac they had about 50% to apparel retail and 50% to auto, food and other categories. So we will discuss it more about what the market trends are for those end markets. But we won't be calling out a separate growth rate for Smartrac versus the overall RFID and intelligent label platform. So that's -- as far as your first question we actually was not dilutive in 2020 we actually if you look our adjusted EPS it was actually modestly accretive in 2020. So we were able to execute quicker than expected. We do expect the margins to be comparable to the overall margins for the IL platform which were above the company and divisional averages for you EBITDA margin.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. Okay. That's very helpful. And then just you know it seems like COVID has pulled forward a lot of technology adoption. And you talked know how that's impacted RFID. I'm just wondering on the LGM side has COVID changed the adoption of pressure sensitive versus glue applied versus shrink customers delayed some CapEx projects or pulled them forward. But I'm just wondering if you've seen or do you anticipate any impact from COVID really on LGM side?
Mitch Butier: I think the biggest impacts are really just what we've been talking about. It's more around just the resurgence of consumer packaged goods. So we're seeing strong demand in the market and for our business in packaged decoration particularly in film categories and then also just the e-commerce. So e-commerce growth had been quite significant and our business linked to that is growing, growing similarly. So, yes, were seeing those are the two trends overall. We think the e-commerce trends while there was a big surge, we think that will be just a new baseline for continued accelerated growth in packaged goods. I think everybody is  COVIDs a good reminder not just with stay at home, but the importance of packaging for decoration, sanitation and everything else.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeffrey Zekauskas, JPMorgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. How much on average were your raw material cost down in 2020 and how much on average do you expect them to be up in 2021?
GregLovins: Hey, Jeff. This is Greg. So overall and across 2020, we saw kind in the low to mid-single-digit range in terms of deflation across the year. That was a little bit different as we move to the year. More of that was earlier in the year as we got into Q4 and we look sequentially from Q3 to Q4. Overall, it was relatively stable but we did start to see some pressure midway towards the tail end of the quarter particularly on chemicals and film. So in propylene in particular and polypropylene, we started to see that pressure in the US late in Q4. We see that continuing here in the first quarter and then starting to also rise in Europe at the same time here in Q1. So right now based on what we've been seeing, we would expect somewhere in the low-single-digit inflation based on what we've seen so far without predicting what may happen as we go forward.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay.
Greg Lovins: And Jeff just to add to that, we are right now evaluating Big question is how much of this inflation is temporary versus sustaining. And so, from a pricing standpoint, we are evaluating price increases and thats a surcharge in one region for propylene -- polypropylene and evaluating another region and so forth. That's probably one of the bigger questions around the guidance specifically for LGM is what the volume environment and does the volume environment linked to overall consumption, and what does that do to the commodities markets and our pricing actions that get linked to that?
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. And your industrial and health care businesses had really nice margins in the second half of 2020. That is youre up above 12%. Is that a new level of margin for that business? And then, secondly, you donated $10 million to a charity. Was there an earnings per share impact from that extra $10 million that you donated? And if there was, what was the EPS impact?
Greg Lovins: Sure, Jeff. So your second question first. So, yes, that is an increase that you see. The $10 million dollars is on the corporate expense line in Q4. That's why corporate is higher than usual. And so that is in our numbers and we need to adjust that out or anything else. So that would be roughly a $0.09 impact to Q4. And then, as far as IHM, we're still targeting our objective here for 2021. It was 12.5% operating margins or more for this business. We're not quite there yet. Team's done a great job. And I will say under Greg's leadership, Greg's been overseeing this group of divisions for last couple of years. And our objective, if you look at the high end of our range is to be within that targeted range by next year. So continued margin expansion is the goal.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos, Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good day. Thank you for taking my question. Congratulations on the year. Hey, I wanted to take a step back and talk a bit more about return on capital Mitch and Greg. So Avery has a long successful track record and you pointed to that at the beginning of your presentation in terms of capital allocation, return on capital and that's all well and good. We have seen over the last three to four years it's not just the result of COVID, the return on capital for the company begin to tick lower. If you've evaluated that and you agree with that point, what do you think is driving that? And then relatedly it looks like COVID has really changed the growth outlook for a lot of your businesses whether to RFID or LPM you're going to have to spend money and it sounds like you've already begun to do so on capacity. How do you continue the return on capital trajectory that you'd been seeing longer term as you're now needing to spend behind this growth? And I had a follow on.
GregLovins: Yeah. Thanks, George. Its Greg. So, I think when we look at our return of capital, when we set our targets back at the beginning of 2017 we'd come out of 2016 with about a 17% ROTC. And the last couple of years has been some of the pension impacts when you look at those in 2017 and 2018 and you can see the adjusted numbers in the appendix of our slides but when you adjust the -- we're roughly 19% the last couple of years and in that 18% level here in 2020. So, we feel like we have been continuing to expand our OTC above the baseline when we started that back in 2016. And thats with this year, of course, includes a couple acquisitions that were in the first year out still. So we feel good about the progress were continuing to make on a return perspective and continuing to be in the top quartile among our capital market peers there. And when we think about investments going forward, we -- and Mitch talked already about RFID overall as EBITDA margins is above our average for the segments in the company. And that generates good returns for us. And we continue to invest in areas where we think we'll have strong returns. So a lot of our CapEx is in areas like RFID, and its also in other high value segments like specialty labels within LGM or industrial with IHM and, also looking at some of the emerging regions. So we're investing in areas that we think are high return and where we can continue to generate strong return on capital.
Mitch Butier: Yeah, George, and just to reinforce the overall theme here, is GDP plus growth and top quartile returns on capital. And these levels were both. And that is our continued focus. And that's a recipe for superior value creation of the long term. And when we had set out the 2021 objectives back in 2017, we did say that in capital efficiency we'd gotten into the top decile of efficiency and that we would go through a period of recapitalization both organically and be looking for M&A. And when we haven't done M&A for a while and then started doing M&A over the last four years. It takes a while from a returns perspective for the returns to match the invested capital base that you have in there. And once we have a series of these in the years going forward and so forth and it all starts pumping in and the returns are catching up on acquisitions you've done a few years ago, you'll see that continue to flow through.
George Staphos: Okay. Understood on that. I guess the other question that I had and a lot of my questions were answered earlier. If you think about where you're applying capital going forward and trying to grow the business, are these areas that you would expect would have higher margin, higher return on capital? Are they areas where in some ways youre applying capital defensively because you don't want to see some of these markets move towards your peers in terms of share. I know that's a broad question and hard to answer in a sense or two but how would you have us think about it. Is it likely to see like to generate higher margin, higher return on capital over the next two to three years and lead to share gain? Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Mitch Butier: Yeah. So we're investing  I mean if you look at both our high value segments and our base, we look at EVA and returns. We don't look at just the average that we disaggregated. And for us it's continuing to invest in businesses where we have good EVA potential and that's in both the high value segments and the base. It would be disproportionately in high value categories particularly in RFID. So that's been a significant part of our growth investments. And as far as the base goes what you've seen our investments we just go back over the last five years. When we need to invest for growth we also concurrently invest for productivity. So if we look at the investment we did in Europe a few years ago, we did a significant expansion where we needed capacity to one of our plants and we subsequently were able to take off line some capacity to drive productivity so both enabled growth for that market at the same time as lowering our cost base. So, a good -- very good return outcome from that perspective.
Operator: Our next question is from John McNulty, BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Mr. McNulty, your line is open. And moving on to the next question is Christopher Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Chris Kapsch: Yeah. Hi. I'm sorry to follow up on the RFID business and if I look back, it looks like you're closed on Smartrac early March or was probably just weeks before the pandemic lockdowns ensued. And it sounds generally the consensus has coalesced around this idea that the pandemic has increased your addressable market opportunities in RFID. I'm curious to peel that back a little bit more. If you look at the apparel and food applications, it looks like what  what's happened is the behavioral changes have maybe accelerated the adoption in those applications. What I'm curious about in the case of logistics as you're talking about having traction in logistics, it sounds like maybe the pandemic influenced the business case there. So I'm just wondering if that's a good characterization? And because if I think back to early days of item level apparel adoption, the business case was very clear, right? It was in the accuracy, preventing stock out, the consequential sales lift, and eventually that dovetailed into this transition to omni-channel and e-commerce. But help me understand like what  what's the business case in this logistics opportunity? It sounds like it's compelling, it sounds like it's  there's more visibility in and around your traction there. So be interested to hear your thoughts on that. Thank you.
Mitch Butier: Yeah. So, Chris, the business case is really around increasing productivity, becoming more touchless in their operations. And that's some of the fundamental base case of what you had before apparel you have in these other categories. And that's specifically why we targeted these other categories and we looked for end markets that shared some similar characteristics and some challenges as what apparel was going through, albeit in a different form. So, absolutely pandemic accelerator, a lot of the activity within the pipeline. You say adoption has not yet really had a significant mover on adoption levels because it takes some time to work through the pipeline. And I commented earlier about some of these programs, more moving into pilot. The pandemic during the height of it in the spring or the early phases of it I should say, we commented it actually slowed down the amount of activity when restaurants were closed as an example. There was fewer opportunities for some pilot, those of all have re-ramped up again here in the second half and I talked about the momentum going into 2021. So the use cases really around just becoming more touchless as far as interactions, driving productivity, wanting increased visibility, reducing waste. RFID is a huge opportunity to reduce waste so enabling companies to meet their own sustainability objectives. Those are all included within that and we see tremendous opportunity here. So that use cases if you think about is very similar to apparel, albeit in a different form.
Chris Kapsch: Okay, thanks for that. And then just as a follow-up, the item level apparel is effectively backward integrated into inlays. I mean and I guess it's comparable in some of these other applications but I'm just wondering if it's given that there are different effective technologies and therefore maybe turnkey systems. I'm wondering if the margin profiles as these different applications evolve, are they similar or are you going to see more of a margin opportunity tied to sort of apparel and food categories? Thanks.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So really for each end market, theres going to be elements of it where we are providing as you say just the base inlay. And then we're actually To providing a full solution set, managing the data, printing the data, working and supplying this solution around hardware and so forth. In parallel, we actually sell just a based inlet. Its the minority of our sales to -- through the Smartrac channel and the LGM channel through  without managing the information so forth to some competitors at the apparel solutions division. And the vast majority though of course is what our apparel business sells fell through. As we say we're vertically integrate. We're managing the information. Food will be the same as an example where we're providing the full solution set in many areas. And I'd say the early adoption aspects will be more solution based. And so, I would expect it to evolve similar to what we're seeing in apparel.
Operator: Next question is from John McNulty, BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
JohnMcNulty: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. Hopefully you can hear me this time. So, I guess two things. One would be on the RBIS front. If I look at 2019 and I look at 2020, it looks like there was a geographic shift with the US kind of gaining about 5 points. And in Asia actually losing about 5 points, which seems a little surprising just considering how Asia weathered COVID may be better than, better than some of the other regions. So, I guess what's driving it? Is it, is it just the RFID growth and where that's stemming from or is there something else we should be gleaning from this?
Mitch Butier: It's RFID adoption. Thats exactly it. And the RFID adoption is far ahead in the US versus other regions.
John McNulty: Yeah. Got it. Okay.
Mitch Butier: Yeah. And continue to feel like at pure volumes Asia we're actually seeing, yeah continued strength and penetration if you look at it just from a pure volume standpoint than RBIS.
John McNulty: Got it. Okay, no thats helpful. And then I guess the other question was just in terms of the fourth quarter rate on the temporary savings, did you quantify that? I don't recall you saying it on the call but I guess if not can you quantify what those savings were?
Mitch Butier: Yeah, we didn't quantify the quarter. So I think we said here for the full year we had about $135 million of the temporary savings. A little bit lower than what we had projected for the last couple of quarters just given we'd said when volumes start to come back some of those costs would return. So, a little bit lower than we had projected before. So the fourth quarter I think was in the roughly $15 million range, something like that.
Operator: Next question is from Adam Josephson, KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Thanks so much for taking my follow-up. Mitch, just one on the geographic situation for you just including any observations thus far in the first quarter. You mentioned that North America was really strong particularly in LTM in the last, I don't know eight months of the year, much more so than was Europe even though they both locked down much of that time. Can you just talk about what you're seeing geographically if the trends differ much than what you saw in the fourth quarter and what your expectations are if you can by region, roughly speaking as part of that 3% to 7% organic sales guidance? Thanks very much.
Mitch Butier: Yeah, Adam. As far as what we're experiencing, yes. North America is definitely having a resurgence in the volume that we're seeing right now. And that's yeah, its just what I explained. And I think it's the drivers. If you look at it due to consumer packaged goods consumption as well e-commerce, it's hard to tell as they talk about volumes have been a bit lumpy if you look across the various months by region. So there could be a little bit of inventory build within the current surge that we're seeing in North America. And Europe is definitely, it came back stronger in Q4 and I'd say all the regions came back very solid growth within Q4 and North America particularly strong. But even EMENA, they finished the year strong. And now as we look at January, which might be some of your questions, were continuing to see the strength in North America, EMENA is softening a bit and Asia is just too early to tell because of the lunar new year.
Operator: And, Mr. Butier, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Mitch Butier: All right. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining the call today. I again want to thank our team for their commitment, dedication, and agility in delivering a very strong year from a bottom line perspective and delivering for our customers in what was very challenging market conditions. I do want to just encourage everybody to join us for our Investor Day next month where we'll be sharing more about our long-term objectives and strategies. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. And we thank you for your participation. And Ill ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-21 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Avery Dennisons Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter Ended September 26, 2020. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from noon Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, October 24. To access the replay, please dial (800) 633-8284 or +1 (402) 977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21930680. Id now like to turn the call over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennisons Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance. Please go ahead.
Cindy Guenther: Thank you, Frank. Please note that throughout todays discussion, well be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A-4 to A-9 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release. We remind you that well make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the safe harbor statement included in todays earnings release. We undertake no obligation to update these statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances other than as may be required by law. On the call today are Mitch Butier, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ill now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, Cindy and hello, everyone. Once again, we are proving our resilience across business cycles. Revenue came in significantly better than we anticipated at the start of the quarter, which combined with our cost reduction actions enabled us to deliver 15% growth in adjusted earnings per share and strong free cash flow in the quarter, despite lower sales. We said coming into this year that a key focus of ours and a lower growth environment was to protect our overall profitability. Were delivering on that promise. Margins expanded significantly in the third quarter, reflecting the successful execution of our long-term strategies, as well as the teams fast response in implementing temporary cost saving action in a better than expected volume environment. Even with the sharp drop in volume in the second quarter, our year-to-date adjusted EBITDA margin is up 80 basis points to 14.9%. Our strong performance reflects the agility of our teams, which has come together extraordinarily well and navigating one of the most challenging periods weve experienced as a company. In this environment, our focus continues to be on ensuring the health and wellbeing of our employees, delivering for our customers, supporting our communities and minimizing the impact of the recession for our shareholders. And Im pleased with the progress were making on all fronts. Now, despite our best efforts to protect employee health, we have identified roughly 350 confirmed cases of the virus within our 30,000-plus workforce. With the majority of cases apparently reflecting community spread rather than a work-based source of infection. Fortunately, about three-quarters of the employees impacted have already recovered. While, all sites were operational throughout Q3, the recent surge in confirmed cases in a number of the regions in which we operate highlights the continued uncertainty of the current environment, as well as the importance of remaining vigilant with respect to safety and agile in meeting customers needs. Now a quick summary of the business trends. All three segments came in better than expected at the start of the quarter on both sales and margin. LGM sales was still down in the third quarter compared to prior year improved sequentially due to a faster than expected pickup in the global graphics business. Overall, our label and packaging materials businesses, moderated sequentially as expected with North American emerging markets having picked up a little faster than we expected, while Europe came in a bit weaker. From the start of the pandemic until now, volume trends for label and packaging materials have varied by region. From March through September volumes in North America were up mid single digits, while volumes in Europe were up low single digits. In both regions, we experienced significant volume surges during the early stages of the pandemic followed by a moderation of growth due principally to destocking. Now, as we look across this period overall, our North America business has been trending faster in the long-term average for the region, while Europe has been trending a bit below the regions long-term average. The emerging markets picture has been different. Asia Pacific volumes have been flat overall from March through September with volumes of rising the mid single digit growth in the third quarter. Well, its good to see the recent pickup and demand here. This is still below the long-term trend for the region. As for RBIS, demand improved much faster than we anticipated back in July down only 5% organically for the quarter compared to the roughly 35% decline we saw in Q2. Enterprise-wide RFID sales grew by 65% in the quarter on a constant currency basis, reflecting 20% organic growth and the contribution of the Smartrac acquisition. The strong growth of our RFID business was primarily driven by apparel, particularly within the value segment of the market. Outside of apparels, we continue to see increasing interest in new applications within logistics, as well as food and grocery. Specifically, we are working with logistics companies to assess the technology in light of the accelerated shift to e-commerce with many providers operating at holiday like peak volumes throughout the pandemic. Given the stress that this has put on supply chains globally, were now working with several companies to demonstrate how RFID and related solutions can drive an increase in both the throughput and accuracy of their operations. Were active on multiple pilots in this area and have some smaller deployments already underway. The momentum in food-related end markets likewise continues with increased pilot activity among quick service restaurants, as well as retail, both in the U.S. and emerging markets. These applications are focused on driving labor efficiency and improved availability products. Similar to apparel, the migration to e-commerce for food delivery is strengthening the use case for RFID in this market. Overall, we continue to expand our RFID product pipeline. Customer engagements are now up close to 45% since start of this year. As these projects continue to move through the pipeline, we continue to expect long-term growth of 15% to 20% as we build RFID into a broader intelligent label platform, which is now a more than $500 million business. Returning to the total company. We entered this crisis from a position of financial, operational and commercial strength. And as I mentioned earlier, our businesses are once again, proving their resilience across economic cycles. Our teams are adapting quickly to new commercial and operational norms, responding decisively with best practice safety measures, protecting our profitability in a lower growth environment and positioning at the weld to capture demand as conditions improve. So the nature of the macro challenges is different today than in past recessions. Historically, our businesses have continued to deliver solid free cash flow in periods of economic downturn and sales and earnings have rebounded quickly in the 12 months following. Our strategy remains clear. We are continuing to invest to expand in high value categories, particularly our intelligent label platform, while driving long-term profitable growth of our base businesses. We remain confident in our ability to continue to create significant long-term value for all of our stakeholders. Ill now turn it over to Greg.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, Mitch and hello, everybody. This year certainly been very challenging, were executing extremely well as evidenced by our financial results this quarter. We delivered adjusted earnings per share of $1.91 up 15% over prior year and significantly above our expectations, as end market demand picked up faster than we had assumed in July. Our tight near-term cost controls in this environment, combined with the flow through benefit of that better than expected volume, in addition to our ongoing structural productivity actions drove strong margin expansion in Q3. Sales declined by 1.3% ex-currency or 3.6% on an organic basis. And currency translation reduced reported sales by 0.5 point in the quarter. Despite the drop in revenue, we reported an adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.1%, up nearly 2 points and an adjusted operating margin of 13.1%, up 140 basis points. And we realized $13 million of net restructuring savings in the quarter, most of which represents the benefit of projects initiated this year. And we recorded approximately $11 million of restructuring charges, roughly half of which related to non-cash asset impairments. And we continue to target between $60 million and $70 million of incremental net savings from restructuring this year with roughly half of that in RBIS. And were also on track to deliver roughly $150 million in temporary savings from short term cost reduction actions this year, which will be a headwind for us as markets recover. Turning to cash generation and allocation, year to date, we realized $342 million of free cash flow up roughly 5% with strong growth in the quarter driven by lower capital spending and higher net income. And Im pleased to report that we achieved our targeted sequential improvement in working capital productivity, particularly with respect to inventory turns. Our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio at quarter end of 1.9 below our long-term target range of 2.3 to 2.6. As we proven our ability to manage through compounding global crises we face this year, weve begun to again put that leverage capacity to work, including increasing our level of distributions to shareholders in line with our long-term capital allocation strategy. And we announced today that the board approved a 7% increase to our dividend rate, and we resumed our share repurchase program late in the third quarter. Turning to segment results for the quarter, Label and Graphic Materials sales were down 2.6% on an organic basis, driven by volume and mix as well as deflation-related price. And sales were down roughly 2% organically in Label and Packaging Materials, as growth in specialty and durable label categories was more than offset by a decline in the base business, while Graphics and Reflective sales were down about 8%. As Mitch mentioned, the graphics performance represented a strong sequential improvement compared to the roughly 30% decline we saw on Q2 with steady improvements monthly throughout the quarter. As expected, the overall trend for the Label and Packaging Materials business moderated sequentially, following the Q2 demand surge in the mature markets with improvement over the course of the quarter in all regions. And Mitch touched on the overall volume trends by region for the Label and Packaging Materials business since the start of the pandemic. Now looking at the segments  the total segments sales trends by region in Q3, in North America, LGM sales were up low single digits organically for the quarter with the strong rebounding graphics and LPM inventory destocking largely behind us by the end of July. In Europe, where destocking began about a month after we started to see it in North America, LGM sales for the quarter were down high single digits on an organic basis, with a fairly steady improvement in the trend as the quarter progressed. And the Asia Pacific region, which grew modestly for the quarter on an organic basis, likewise sell a fairly steady improvement in the sales trend through the quarter, which was led by growth in China and India. And finally, weve been very pleased with the resilience of LGMs business in Latin America, which delivered mid-single-digit organic growth for the quarter. LGMs adjusted operating margin increased 170 basis points to 15.2%, as the benefits of productivity and raw material deflation, net of pricing, more than offset higher employee-related costs and unfavorable volumes. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions, RBIS sales were up 5.2% ex currency and down 4.7% on an organic basis. A strong growth in our high value categories was more than offset by a roughly 12% decline in the base business, driven by overall lower apparel demand. Looking at the total apparel business base and high value categories combined, the value channel outperformed all other channels up nearly 50% for the quarter. As Mitch indicated ex currency, enterprise-wide RFID sales were up 65% and up 20% on an organic basis. The adjusted operating margin for the segment increased at 60 basis points to 12.1%, as the teams productivity and cost control actions, more than offset unfavorable volumes. Turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment, sales declined 7.6% on an organic basis compared to the 21% decline in Q2, reflecting sequential improvement entrance for automotive applications, particularly in China and North America. And adjusted operating margin increased 110 basis points to 12.1% due to favorable product mix, productivity and deflation, net of pricing, which more than offset the impact of lower volume. Now shifting to our outlook, given the continued uncertainty regarding global demand, we are not resuming annual guidance at this time. As weve down since the pandemic started, well arrange an update call in December to let you know how things are playing out. In the meantime, Ill highlight some of the key pieces of the equation that we have reasonable visibility to now. We expect that underlying sales trend that is organic growth and the benefit of the Smartrac acquisition will be similar to or better than what we saw in the third quarter. In addition, as announced back in January, we benefit from an extra week in the fiscal year, which is expected to add roughly a point to our full year growth rate or about four points to the fourth quarter. And this should add roughly $0.10 of EPS to the fourth quarter and full year, which obviously represents a comparable size headwind to 2021 revenue and earnings. The anticipated headwinds from currently translation have diminished as the year progressed. The negative impacts from currency now stand at roughly one point to sales growth and $9 million in operating income for the full year based on recent rates. With that mentioned, we expect to generate restructuring savings, net of transition costs of $60 million to $70 million this year. And were targeting roughly $150 million of net temporary savings, which includes reductions and accruals related to incentive plans. And note that, more than 80% of the full year estimate for temporary savings has been realized year to date. And again, the vast majority of the temporary actions that weve taken are expected to be a headwind for us when markets recover. As Mitch said, protecting our margins is a key focus for us during this period of slower growth. Assuming we continue to see stability in our end markets, were now targeting to deliver an adjusted EBITDA margin for 2020 that exceeds prior year. You may have noticed also a modest benefit in the quarter from a lower tax rate, which reflects our current full year adjusted tax rate estimate of approximately 24% in line with our long-term expectation for tax rates in the mid-20% range. And finally, given the strength of Q3 results, we are now targeting to generate over $500 million of free cash flow this year. And this target includes an expected $165 million to $175 million of spending on fixed and IT investments, and another, roughly $60 million in cash payments associated with restructuring actions. In summary, were very well positioned to navigate this challenging environment and we look forward to coming out even stronger when our markets fully recover. And while there certainly continues to be macroeconomic uncertainty, looking ahead to next year, assuming a modest recovery in sales, were targeting to maintain our EBITDA margins. Once again, generate over $500 million in free cash flow. Now, before we open the call to questions, Ive a special announcement to make. Some of you already know, Cindy Guenther, our Head of Investor Relations for most of the last 20 plus years has decided to retire at the end of December. After supporting nearly 100 earnings calls, this will be her last. Over her 25 years of the company, she has been a valued partner and resource to me, Mitch and the rest of the leadership team, as well as the investment community. And were very grateful for her so many contributions over the years. Well, of course, well miss Cindy. Were happy to welcome John Earley back to the corporate team to lead Investor Relations. John has served in a variety of important finance roles over his time with the company, both in the businesses and corporate, including a few years working with Cindy in investor relations. So he will definitely hit the ground running. And I do want to thank Cindy for her years of partnership and support to me as well to the organization of ours. So its truly been a pleasure, Cindy and I and the entire organization and Im sure the investment community very thankful for your years of leadership, partnership and support. So thank you again.
Cindy Guenther: Thank you both.
Greg Lovins: And with that, well open up the questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed.
George Staphos: Thank you. Hi everyone. Good day. You, Cindy, congratulations, its a  the end of an era, and John, congratulations to you as well.
Cindy Guenther: Thanks, George.
George Staphos: Yes, its been fun. So I guess the first question I had, I want to go back to Slide 8, where youre showing the 2019 sales by product category. And you show that 15% of revenue for last year was roughly driven by logistics shifting and other variable information. Given what weve seen this year and obviously the pickup in e-commerce, is there a way to update us on how much that portion of the pie represents now for 2020? And if theres any incremental you can give us in terms of how you think e-commerce is both benefiting RFID and variable information for that matter.
Mitch Butier: Yes, George, I think youre asking about just whats the new mix of revenue from Slide 8 for 2020. I mean, 2020 is actually not going to be a great baseline just given what happened within Q2 overall, but clearly, you would expect with the significant growth in RFID as we build out the intelligent label platform, both organically and with the Smartrac acquisition, as well as a big piece of that being towards logistics, as well as other entity of those pieces of the various pies across these slides increase. So we will update all this at year end, but I will say that even 2020 wont be a great baseline. So well give you probably a bit of a more rounded out view going forward, how we expect the people similar to how we have in the past.
Cindy Guenther: George, Id also point out, if youre assuming that all of the RFID is in that 15%, that would not be correct. Weve captured apparel related RFID in the 21% on that chart.
Mitch Butier: Thank you, Cindy.
George Staphos: Yes, Cindy, I wasnt. I was just using it as a stepping off point for a discussion. But is there a way to comment maybe a quick follow on here on, how much growth youve seen in variable information and how much of that you would attribute to e-commerce?
Mitch Butier: We are growing faster than average than volumes and the variable information categories within LGM and clearly within RBIS. Its a big driver now. Within RBIS, its mostly apparel still, so that is the largest category, but as far as the pipeline, pipeline is still growing quite significantly in other areas such as food and logistics, as I mentioned.
George Staphos: Okay. And then my other question, Ill turn it over. Question number two is, youve obviously done a so far very, very good job on the temporary cost saves. Certainly, youve had really strong margins. So how should we expect that temporary cost save and that spending to be metered back into the business as volumes pickup, do we have to worry about a quarter sometime in 2021, where youre looking at a particularly negative earnings comparison, because youve got the cost savings coming in? Maybe more  the spending coming in more quickly than the volume ramps up, how would you have us think about that reintroduction of spending into the mix 2021 and ultimately I guess 2022 as well. Thank you.
Greg Lovins: Yes, thanks, George, this is Greg. So again, as weve said that the $150 million of temporary cost savings made up largely of three buckets. So incentive comp being the smallest bucket there, and then addition to volume related savings, as well as some belt tightening. And as weve said before, we would expect as volumes come back for the majority of that cost to return. Now, how fast that return, particularly that volume related piece will depend on how fast the volume returns, but even here at the end of the third quarter, of course, we started to see with volumes coming in better than wed expected a little bit of increase in volume related costs. And when we think of things like overtime or temporary labor and those types of activities, we start to see that coming back with volume. So thats something well be managing with volume segment-by-segment as it returns. From an overall cost perspective, while well expect to see that headwind from that temporary cost savings, well also continue to see the benefit of the more structural cost reduction actions. The restructuring that weve done this year of $60 million to $70 million and then a similar level of incremental restructure in benefit next year as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Company. Please proceed.
Ghansham Panjabi: Yes. Thank you. And Cindy, congrats, youre certainly leaving on a high note.
Cindy Guenther: Thank you, Ghanshyam. I planned it.
Ghansham Panjabi: It seems like a very well planned. So if we go back to Slide 7, where you have the monthly on sort of organic growth throughout course of the pandemic. It looks like you exited 3Q down 2% or so. 3Q average was down 3.5% roughly, and it sounds like youre pointing towards that sort of average for the fourth quarter. So can you give us a sense as to how October has tracked whether Western  whether Europe actually rebounded relative to what you saw in 3Q. And then, is there something we should keep in mind apart from the extra week or so in the fourth quarter that would get us to that average for 3Q for 4Q?
Mitch Butier: Sure. So as we said earlier, were looking at 4Q being at or better than the pace of sales growth or decline in the third quarter. And were only a few weeks here in October. I think the last couple of quarters earnings call has been a little bit later. So we had a little bit broader view, but after only a few weeks, we have seen an improving trend so far in the month. So weve seen slight improvements, particularly in developed regions within LGM and pretty favorable so far in RBIS as well, early on here in October. And what we think weve seen in the back part of Q3, as well as the early part of Q4 here for RBIS is really as brands and retailers have been gearing up for somewhat earlier and potentially longer holiday season. So we started to see that ramp up a little bit earlier in September. Weve seen a little bit of that at the beginning of October here as well. And I think what we see as were going forward is not really sure how that play out is we enter the back half of the quarter. So when we look at RBIS, how retail sales flow through, I think, it will help shape how that picks up later this year. At the same time, as we talked about last year, when the pandemic hits is when the spring season was starting to get in underway and much of retail shut down. So its uncertain yet exactly how that will play outs and how those orders will play out for the spring season, as it comes in later this year and at the beginning of the next year. So we started out stronger in RBIS, but we see a little more uncertainty, especially as we go to the back part of this quarter.
Ghansham Panjabi: Got it. And then in terms of your comment on margins for 2021, I think you said EBITDA margins roughly comparable to  or at least maintaining it with 2020 levels. Can you give us some of the buckets of that, because $150 million of temporary cost savings is a very, very big draw in terms of a headwind? What would be the major offsets?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So like you said, that is a big draw. And if we see the  thatll be partially dependent on how volume goes, right? So with volumes being still uncertain, well layer that back in, as we mentioned a minute ago, as volumes come back, we would start to see those costs come back. At the same time, one of the bigger offsets is the incremental restructuring weve talked about as well, which we expect to be about $70 million next year. And thats why in my comment, when we look this year to next year with a little bit of modest volume growth, wed expect to be able to maintain the strong margins that were seeing this year. Now part of the other way, were thinking about it as also comp into 2019, so kind of the pre-pandemic target. So looking at where we were in 2019 to 2021 or beyond when markets recover, well have a significant benefit from the couple of years worth of restructuring savings that weve been doing in the structural cost reductions over that multi-year period. Now that would be offset over a couple years of wage inflation and obviously, investments in the business and things like that, but when we look 2019 to 2021, thats why we expect to continue to see margin expansion over that multi-year period.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neel Kumar with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Neel Kumar: Great. Thanks for taking my question. So in terms of RFID, are you still seeing evidence that your RFID engagements are accelerating? How much of this is driven by non-apparel markets versus apparel? And in general, do you see this business as opposed code and winner as companies push more omni-channel sales strategies?
Mitch Butier: If overall, we continue to see momentum build within RFID and related solutions as part of our Intelligent Label platform. And its  apparel continues we see it in the numbers, the results, but even from our pipeline apparel, were actually saw pretty big tick up in early stage pipeline development as well. So in addition to companies moving through the pipeline, theres a lot more jumping into the mouth of the funnel, if you will, as the just case for RFID is getting stronger and stronger because of COVID as you mentioned. But just everything else thats related to driving more and more omni-channel and just the increased efficiency, automation, lower labor content to that retailers and e-commerce players are looking for. So seeing that within apparel, seeing that within food, same use cases, as I mentioned before, thats more business case and pilot activity, what were seeing largely in food. And then within logistics, we have a few early stage deployment as well as quite a bit of pipeline activity. And again, quite a bit more even early stage engagements. So COVDI definitely reinforces the strength of RFID and you really just need to think through why, its really around more automation, more contact less, not camp contact free, the contact less activity, whether that be at retail, whether that be in the restaurants, whether it be just in accelerating, it make more efficient logistics and supply chain. So we are seeing continued reinforcement across the board. Apparel, as weve said, will continue to be the main driver of growth over the coming couple of years. Our focus over the last couple of years has been to continue to drive penetration within apparel while seeding opportunities in other end markets as weve called out. And that activity is progressing well.
Neel Kumar: Great. Thats helpful. And then you just talk about what youve seen right now in terms of your chemical and paper raw material costs. How do you see a price cost relationship playing out in the fourth quarter and then into 2021?
Greg Lovins: Yes. So we still saw a little bit of sequential deflation in the third quarter are really driven by paper and in the back part of the third quarter really started to see some inflation in a couple of areas. One is in chemicals, particularly in North America. When we look at chemicals and films, and also were starting to see some pressure in freight, particularly in North America as well. So we see that kind of moderating a little bit of a headwind as we go from Q3 to Q4 from the inflationary perspective. Hard to call what thats going to look like, I think for 2021, at this point, well be somewhat dependent on the macro and where volumes end up going. But we had some  stills some favorability in Q3. We see that turning into a little bit of unfavorability from overall basket of raw materials and freight in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. And Cindy, its been a real pleasure working with you and hope you wont miss us to too much in retirement.
Cindy Guenther: Thanks, Adam.
Adam Josephson: Mitch or Greg, in the context of your comments about 4Q organic sales being similar to, or better than the 3Q pace, are you surprised that sales trends are progressing as well as they are considering another wave of COVID cases across developed markets, not to mention high unemployment and otherwise. Im just wondering what exactly you think is going on. I know I saw P&G reported blockbuster volume growth yesterday, so I know CPG demands remains quite elevated, but just talk about more broadly, what you think is happening, why you think sales are holding up as well as they are just given everything going on.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So specifically with  I will talk about the components LGM, that tends to view relatively sticky bit stable businesses across the cycles. And so its not as sensitive to some of the big shifts that you see even COVID one and two. Youd expect it to actually to be growing faster than overall consumption because of whats going on migration to more packaged goods, as well as e-commerce trends that weve been talking about in the past. And if you look at whats going on with the overall just general GDP growth trends, personal consumption and non-durable consumer goods, our revenue trends across the pandemic. Thats why I stepped back and commented on the March to September timeframe have been better than some of those macro categories as you would expect. Within the act, if you look month-to-month, we clearly experienced something different than weve seen in past recessions because of the health crisis where we saw inventory building earlier, and then destocking later. But across it, we would expect our businesses, our markets to grow faster within LGM. And then what youre saying on end consumption. End consumption still the key to overall, as you look going forward, while your own individual assumptions are around that. We do not expect with the new resurgence of coronavirus cases in the regions, in which we operate for to create the panic buying and the amount of surge activity that we saw early in the stage, I think by and large hours and just in general, supply chains proven resilient to be able to meet customer demands. So we wouldnt expect the kind of lumpiness going into Q4 or next year. So thats basically what we attributed to overall within that business. And within RBIS, clearly it came back much quicker than anticipated. And essentially after everything coming to a halt for a couple of months, retail and apparel decided, realized they needed to have goods in time for a holiday. And so theres been a big shift and ramping up orders dramatically to have goods for holiday. And thats what were seeing and theyre looking to spread it out. And I think some of the uncertainty there is just some of it is having more sales before black  Traditional Black Friday starting it earlier, because itll be at a lot of slower burn if you will. And then its still got to be seen what happens at the consumer level, but even the post holiday period. Over the last 10 years, it was been a shift to more and more gift cards, which actually has improved January sales as well. And so that could blast it. You could see this going multiple different directions and our view is on for RBIS, holiday is key, how the consumers come out, what that does to retailer sentiment as they go into the following seasons. And then last is what Greg mentioned earlier. There was a lot of product manufactured between December and February that ultimately, the retail stores were closed for in the mature markets in the spring. Some of that was ultimately sold through, spring garments look a lot like summer and it were sold through just a few months later. Others may have been stored in warehouses. Were hearing stories of that and maybe pull back out. So for us, theres a number of questions, both about holiday, what would does there. Retailer sentiments were also just the spring season, some questions, but thats near-term lumpiness. I think overall, if you just look at our categories tied to consumer goods, we expect the markets to continue to be resilient over the long term and our positions very strong to continue to win and capture significant value in them.
Adam Josephson: I appreciate that, Mitch. And just one other one, at the outset of the pandemic you talked about next year under the assumption that this turned out to be a normal recession or at least similar to the last one. And obviously, that hasnt been the case, this has played out much differently such that expect full year earnings to be up from a year ago. I mean, what lessons, if any, would you draw from this experience as it relates to looking out into next year or thereafter? I know you already said you expect your margins to be a comparable next year, but any thoughts about next year, just given how this year has played out and what youve been surprised by, what you havent been surprised by and how you think this may unfold?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So I think the biggest lesson is just the importance of and strength of our scenario planning. But weve talked about this in past earnings calls and so forth. This is something we do. I think its often looked at by investors from just a financial scenario planning, but we embed this within our businesses to be prepared for multiple environments and had we  we never predicted a human health crisis, a pandemic globally. And so while the root cause was different, we had to, Id say, sharpen up different elements of our scenario planning, but we were able to pretty quickly go into deployment mode and the team was already used to being able to do this. And so I think that it just reinforces the value of scenario planning. And weve learned that in a big way, coming out of the last recession. And thats something that I and we have continued to make sure as a key priority, which maybe a lot would  many people would maybe take their foot off the gas a little bit on scenario planning when you have a long steady expansion like weve experienced, we did not. And I think its proving out right now. And so we go into next year, our focus here is on protecting margins even at low growth environment. And that said, Greg commented earlier, thats our focus and theres lots of variables around restructuring costs, temporary cost savings, whats going to happen with volume, raw material costs, everything else? Theres lots of variables you got to think about just our overall drive here is to continue to ensure we have a business that can sustainably deliver GDP plus growth in top quartiles over the long run. That is our focus and again, our biggest lesson is to keep doing what were doing.
Operator: Our next question comes from a Josh Spector with UBS Securities. Please proceed.
Josh Spector: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Let me reiterate my congratulations to Cindy and thanks for all your help, much appreciated.
Cindy Guenther: Youre welcome.
Josh Spector: Thanks. So just on the quarter, looking at some of the monthly trends specifically just thinking about RBIS, its kind of impressive how stable each month was. I was wondering if you can give us a little bit more color on maybe some of the undercurrents behind that, was RFID stronger earlier or later, or base label and tag stronger earlier or later, or was it as smooth as it looks based on what you show on Slide 7.
Greg Lovins: Yes. Josh, so theres some movements between months. I think the other thing is September was actually a tougher comp for us as well as a very strong month for us last quarter. So even being down 5% in the month of September, its still from a pace perspective, a bit better than what we fell earlier in the quarter. So I think, as weve talked about from the base apparel business, materially gearing up for holiday that started to impact us as we moved through the quarter. And then RFID, as Mitch has talked a fair amount about has been strong pretty much across the quarter. So all that continuing to progress as we move through and into the very early part here of October.
Josh Spector: Okay. Thanks. And just on the free cash flow side and cash deployment. You did a small amount of share repurchases this quarter. I think if you look at perhaps forecasts, your leverage comes down pretty quickly over the next couple of quarters, as you move past the tougher 2Q comp. How do you think about cash deployment here over the next couple quarters? You think share repurchases play a bigger role. And along with that, the M&A pipeline, active and rebuilding, is it possible to do deals given what you might see in terms of tougher performance through 2020 in terms of targets you may be looking at?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So I think overall as you said, I mean our balance sheet continue to strengthen here through this time period this year. Weve got ample capacity to continue managing across all the levers of our capital allocation. So continuing to invest organically in the business, were continuing to work the M&A pipeline, just as you talked about. We havent seen much flow through there yet after the Smartrac acquisition that we just closed in March of this year. But were continuing to work that pipeline. I wouldnt say that weve seen big changes in valuations this year, but continuing to work that. And of course, continuing to turn cash to shareholders with the growing dividend and continuing share buybacks. So our focus is on continuing the same capital allocation priorities I think that weve had over time. We took a bit of a pause in buybacks for a little while, of course, at the early part of the pandemic here. But wed expect to return to our overall capital allocation strategies and priorities going forward. And the only thing Ill add is we did comment in the past  we have an active M&A pipeline, mostly bolt-ons and so forth, but there was a pause in just the amount of activity engagements as every company was working to manage through the depths of the crisis. There is just totally a bit more pick-up in activity overall. So thats what were seeing, but were in a good position from balance sheet perspective and were finding to leverage it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Zekauskas from JPMorgan Securities. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. In looking at your income statement, youre SG&A costs year-over-year really dont change very much for all of the interim cost savings and the structural cost savings. The real changes in cost of goods sold and that cost of goods sold is down more as a percentage and its obviously a much bigger number than SG&A. And its also a place where youve got negative volume leverage. Why is it that the cost savings are really located in cost of goods sold and not in SG&A?
Greg Lovins: Yes. So I think over the course of the year, its pretty well balanced between SG&A and cost of sales. Obviously a lot of those volume driven temporary cost reductions weve talked about are more in cost of sales, because those are things like overtime, temp costs to some furloughs in the second quarter, et cetera. So that chunk is really more focused on cost of sales. And theres some movement up and down between quarters, a little bit of incentive comp favorability we talked about in Q2, a little bit of unfavorability then from that perspective in Q3. So I think over time its fairly well balanced between the two but moved around a little bit between quarters.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. In the label business, I think you said that your European volumes were down 10% in the quarter. Was that because they were down a lot in July and then they really improved? Like, what is the down 10% look like for each of the months? Or can you frame it so that we have an idea of where things stand in Europe or what were European volumes in October?
Greg Lovins: Yes. So they were down upper single digits volumes within Q3 for Europe our labels, packaging materials business. They were down almost 10% in July and trended better throughout. And then in October, theyre down low single digits. So an improving trend.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paretosh Misra with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Paretosh Misra: Thank you. Hey, everyone and congrats to you, Cindy. Wanted to go back to your RFID pipeline size, I guess, engagements are up 45%. So where does that put the number of engagements now is that close to 500 now. And how much of the revenue growth  RFID revenue growth in the apparel business you think is net growth, because Im guessing youre missing on sales stuff the traditional base tax to some of these apparel customers. So just curious, whats the net incremental there?
Greg Lovins: Most of it is net incremental, I dont have a precise number. And you have to also understand because of whats going on in retail, some categories and just customer categories are down and others up dramatically, particularly value as we had mentioned earlier. So as far as the pipeline, yes, were still seeing robust  were not going to probably be disclosing the actual number of activities within each of the pipeline overall, but its continuing to ramp up at the pace that weve talked through.
Paretosh Misra: Fair enough. And Mitch, can you talk about some of the sustainability and ESG related initiatives that you have currently going on in your organization? Any opportunities for Avery to really different or stand out versus other packaging and specifically materials companies on that front?
Mitch Butier: Sure. Yes, just quick comments. So we have two broad folks, one is just reducing the environmental impact of our actual operations. Weve had a focus that we embarked on back in 2015 on reducing greenhouse gas emissions, buying more sustainably produced raw materials such as paper and so forth. So weve had ongoing activities. We are on track or ahead of schedule on all those greenhouse gas emissions in absolute terms, not relative terms. While weve grown, weve actually reduced our greenhouse gas by more than 30% already and are ahead track of our targets. So thats one category. Second is really around how do we create more sustainable products, enabling more circular economy around recyclability and so forth. We launched CleanFlake a number of years ago, specifically with that end, which has helped some more efficient and effective recyclability of plastic containers. We are now looking at how to roll that out and broaden the specific number of the product portfolio all around CleanFlake as this is starting to take more hold within the market. So our focus here is continued to reduce the environmental impact of our operations as well as more sustainable products. Were seeing a lot more opportunity there and a plan to  or and plan to continue to leverage our innovation strength to go after. So we will early next year layout more of our strategies weve had on the sustainability front, we laid out some 2025 goals back in 2015. Were going to lay out a new set of horizon goals to 2030, early next year and well be talking about more fulsome with all of you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Christopher Kapsch: Yes. Hi. Thank you. And Ill throw in my congrats to Cindy as well. Actually, Ive been following the company long enough to remember that Cindy sort of tried to retire once before. And so hopefully this one sticks, right. So we wouldnt let her. Yes, so my questions are focused on LGM and you mentioned sort of the disparate trends by geography contracting, particularly North America and Europe. And you talked about those trends, Europe lagging North America, maybe as weve progressed sequentially through the quarter. But you also mentioned this trend, which Im hoping theres an explanation for where North America sort of trending above its long-term characteristics and Europe has been lagging that for some time. Now Im wondering, if theres something different about the competitive dynamic or something structurally about the markets that are different now that could help explain that trend?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So I think theres two factors. One is, as we look over the seven months from March through September, what we commented on, the biggest one is just consumption in Europe is below the U.S. That is one clear thing, cant really tell the difference between destocking levels and inventory levels relative the two. But the other one is we did comment that we thought we lost some share in Europe in Q2. Weve been recovering that here in Q3 and well continue over the next couple quarters, but weve covered a good portion of that here in Q3 already. So if you look over the March to September timeframe that is part of the impact. But the majority that we believe is tied to just differentials in the end consumption.
Christopher Kapsch: And is that differential in the end consumption is they have to do with economic activity, or is it something just the nature of the way packaging is trending in Europe vis--vis North America.
Mitch Butier: Economic activity in general and the conversion to more e-commerce seems to have been slower.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
John McNulty: Yes. Thanks for taking my question and congrats Cindy, awesome career over the years. So when we think about the $150 million of temporary cost saves, I guess clearly the management compensation one, like you cant cut it and hold it there for forever. But have you learned anything through either the belt tightening side or the volume metric driven cost cuts that that maybe dont reverse and so that we could actually see some of the portion of the $150 million actually hold as a permanent cost cut. How should we be thinking about that?
Mitch Butier: Yes, we said we expect the vast majority to come back depending on volume environments, but clearly in the current environment, I think has provided new opportunities for new ways of working and so forth. So we would expect some of it to be sticking through the long-term just around how to travel and everything else. And we were fortunate in the amount of technologies that we had already deployed globally, we could quickly go to virtual on everything. So it was a good catalyst for us to kind of go that next step, but thats clearly not all sustainable to be running the business that way. So some will stick, we havent done the full assessment of exactly how much of it will be  we will be doing that actually over the coming few months. But some of it will, but the mass majority will be coming back.
John McNulty: Got it. Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed.
George Staphos: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the follow-on questions. So you already told us that next year you would hope to keep EBITDA margins relatively constant with 2020. And correct me if I misphrased anything there. Is there a way to give us a bit more color, give an inch take a mile on what you expect for RBIS? You said, half of the savings will be from restruction will be going into RBIS. I guess, sort of the question behind the question is youre putting up margin RBIS that years back would have been great in a normal volume environment, which weve not been in. So do you expect RBSs flat or do you think RBS margins actually have the ability to be up year on year, how would you guide us if you could as we think out to 2021? And then the other question I had regarding RBIS, and Ill turn it over. You mentioned that retailers and brand owners are trying to position ahead of the holiday season. The seasons may begin a little bit earlier than expected, could go on longer, recognizing there going to be a bit of variability into 2021. That level of activity by your customers right now, is that really going to drive your volume for the fourth quarter in RBIS? A lot of those shipments would have already occurred. And is it really more we should be looking at it as a bellwether for what your orders will be late 4Q, 1Q looking out to the spring season. Thanks guys. And good luck in the quarter.
Mitch Butier: Yes, so George, couple of questions there. First one, as far as RBS margin outlook for next year, I dont think were going to comment on that. Our overall point here for laying out the expectations for 2021 is that with a modest amount of growth, modest recovery, we are going to be focused again, just like weve talked about for the last two years in a low growth environment to protect margins. And that will be a key focus of ours and thats across the enterprise. When you start getting into individual components of the portfolio, it depends on what the volume environment is as well. So I think what you can see is RBS despite significant challenge in top line, particularly in Q2 is managing those well. And if I remind you that in Q2, we even  we could have even had better margins there, but we chose not to move on some actions at the time. So we deferred a number of restructuring and cost out actions and everything else in the depths of the crisis into Q3. So some of that was bunched up into Q3 and thats what youre saying between the two quarters. But Im not going to comment on specific components of the portfolio for 2021. At this time, I think a lot of it goes to what your own assumptions would be around how each of the individual markets respond to the environment, what the environment is in general next year. But our focus here is doing back what Greg laid out earlier. As far as the timing of RBS sales and some of the uncertainty, the uncertainty is really late Q4 early Q1 around  just what the impact is going to be around. The fact that retail was largely closed in the spring of 2020 and some garments werent sold. So for that reason, one and two retailers and apparel brands will have seen early how holiday is performing and that impacts retailer sentiment and what their open to buy is for the following season. So its really, I think watch closely on the consumer behavior and retailer brand communications here mid to late Q4 and that will be a key driver for us.
Operator: Mr. Butier, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to you for any closing remarks.
Mitch Butier: Okay. Well, I just want to thank everybody for joining the call. And once again, thank our team for their endless commitment in ensuring the success of all of our stakeholders. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. And ask that you please disconnect your line. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-27 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing-by. During the presentation, all participants will be in listen-only mode. And afterwards, we will have a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter ended June 27, 2020. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from noon Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time July 30th. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or +1-402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21930679. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennisons Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance. Please go ahead.
Cindy Guenther: Thank you, Maladin. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A-4 to A-9 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. We undertake no obligation to update these statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances other than as maybe required by law. On the call today, dialing in from different locations are Mitch Butier, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, Cindy, and hello, everyone. Our teams have come together extraordinarily well in navigating one of the most challenging periods we've experienced as a company. The compounding effects of the health, economic and societal crises, are having a significant impact in our teams, our markets and our communities. Our focus continues to be on ensuring the health and welfare of our employees, delivering for our customers, supporting our communities and minimizing the impact of the recession for our shareholders. And I'm pleased to report that we were making solid progress on all fronts. Since the early days of the pandemic, we quickly adopted and then adapted best practices to keep our employees safe and our plants operational, while also taking steps to reduce the financial impact to employees affected by necessary furloughs and layoffs. Despite our best efforts to protect employee health, unfortunately, we have identified roughly 225 confirmed cases of the virus within our 30,000 plus workforce, with the majority of cases apparently reflecting community spread, rather than a work based source of infection. Now before I shift to our operating results, I'd like to take a moment to comment on one other critical issue. In response to heightened awareness of the profound societal issues of racial and other sources of inequity, we are sharpening our focus on diversity and inclusion, starting with significant efforts to listen to and learn from the experiences of employees who represent racial minorities and other marginalized groups. We are incorporating these learnings and concrete plans to further support our organizational values. Now turning to business results. While both our top and bottom lines were down in Q2 compared to prior year, results came in better than we expected just a quarter ago. Following a sharp decline in April, total company sales improved sequentially in May and June. A key focus of ours in this lower growth environment is on protecting our overall profitability, which we accomplished in the first half of the year. Year-to-date, adjusted EBITDA margin was up 30 basis points and in the second quarter, we reported an adjusted EBITDA margin of 14% despite the significant overall volume decline. This relatively strong margin performance reflects the successful execution of our strategies over recent years and the team's fast actions in implementing temporary cost saving measures, as well as lower costs from incentive compensations. Now drilling a little deeper into our trends by business. Both LGM and RBIS came in better than our expectations on both revenue and margin, while IHM revenue was a bit short of our forecast. Our label and packaging materials business, the largest component of LGM, which serves a critical role in packaged goods and supply chain globally, remains substantially open to serve customers as the pandemic unfolded across the world. Our sites in Europe and North America experienced the significant surges in orders mid March through April, driven by both increased consumption and inventory build, resulting in backlogs that carried us into early June. In some cases, our lead times were longer than usual due to pockets of disruption in some of our plants located in COVID hotspots. Overall, though, by leveraging our strong operational excellence, the team delivered record levels of output for the better part of two months, all while keeping their colleagues safe. Then in June LPM sales slowed in both Europe and North America with a portion of the slowdown reflecting inventory destocking. In China, LPM sales improved sequentially, following relatively steep declines in January and February, while the balance of the emerging markets, particularly India, deteriorated as lockdown spread across the globe and continued through much of Q2. That said, demand across most emerging markets -- countries improved sequentially in June as the lockdown continued. In contrast to the surge we saw in LPM in early stages of the pandemic, we experienced a significant drop in demand for RBIS and the graphics portion of LGM, with April sales down more than 50% organically for both businesses. These businesses then improved sequentially faster than expected in both May and June. Enterprise wide, RFID was up over 10% in the quarter on a constant currency basis, reflecting the contribution of the recent Smartrac acquisition, which more than offset a 20% organic sales decline related to COVIDs impact on apparel demand. With 75% of the RFID business still tied to apparel, we expect RFID sales in 2020 will grow more than 30% ex currency and will be roughly comparable to prior year on an organic basis. Our project pipeline continues to expand with customer engagements now up more than 35% since just the start of this year. As these projects continue to move through the pipeline, we continue to expect 15% to 20% growth of our intelligent label platform over the long term.  As you know, we have been continuing to invest to expand our intelligent label business, including through acquisition. The integration of Smartrac is on track to accelerate the growth and value generation of this now $500 million revenue business. By leveraging the combined channel access, global footprint and innovation capabilities of the two organizations, in terms of product portfolio, process technology and larger R&D and business development teams, we are positioned extremely well to develop solutions that meet rapidly expanding customer needs with the particular focus on apparel and beauty, food and grocery and logistics. And COVID-19 has served to further strengthen the key drivers of RFID adoption, with new supply chain models demanding better speed and visibility, the need to reduce staffing levels, increased demand for food, product sourcing and handling traceability and increased importance of reduced contact at checkout, not to mention an acceleration for omnichannel retailing for apparel. Now returning to the total company. As we've said before, we've entered this crisis from a position of financial, operational and commercial strength. Our business is resilient across economic cycles, so the nature of the macro challenges is different today than in past recessions. Historically, our businesses have continued to deliver solid free cash flow in periods of economic downturn and sales and earnings have 70 bounded quickly in the 12 months following. We're doing more than just weathering storm. Our teams are adapting quickly to new commercial and operational norms, responding decisively with best practice safety measures and prudent cost reduction, protecting our profitability in the lower growth environment and are positioned well to capture demand as conditions improve. Our strategic priorities are unchanged. We are preserving our investments to expand in high value categories, particularly our intelligent label platform, while driving long-term profitable growth of our base businesses. And we remain confident in our ability to continue to create significant long-term value for all of our stakeholders. I'll now hand it over to Greg.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, Mitch, and hello everybody. Though this past quarter was one of the most challenging ever for the company, we are executing extremely well. We delivered adjusted earnings per share of $1.27 for the quarter, which was better than our expectations, as the pandemic driven decline in sales was not as severe as our April outlook assumed. Specifically, sales declined by 12% ex currency or 13.7% on an organic basis. And currency translation reduced reported sales by 2.9 points in the quarter. As Mitch noted, despite the drop in revenue, we reported an adjusted EBITDA margin of 14%, down 60 basis points and an adjusted operating margin of 10.7%, down 140 basis points. And we realized $15 million of net restructuring savings in the quarter with close to half of that representing carryover from prior year projects. And we recorded approximately $39 million of restructuring charges. These charges relate to the acceleration of actions that teams are taking this year in the businesses is most impacted by COVID-19. And we are now targeting between $60 million and $70 million of incremental net savings from restructuring this year, with roughly half of that in RBIS. We also delivered roughly $75 million in net temporary savings in the quarter, made up of belt tightening actions, such as travel reductions, reductions in overtime and temporary labor and furloughs, as well as lower incentive compensation accruals.  Turning to cash generation and allocation. Year-to-date, we realized $109 million of free cash flow with $144 million generated in the second quarter. And we expect free cash flow to accelerate in the second half, reflecting normal seasonality, as well as higher net income and a continued focus on working capital productivity. With regard to the latter, our main focus this year has been the management of receivables. And collections in the quarter were in line with our expectations. We are also now turning our attention to reducing inventory levels, which have ticked up, reflecting the timing of sales at the end of the quarter, some strategic sourcing decisions, as well as a little less focus given other priorities in the quarter. We expect inventory ratios to be back in line with our normal levels in the second half. Our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio at quarter end of 2.1, below our long term target range of 2.3 to 2.6. And we have ample liquidity with $800 million available under our revolving credit facility and more than $250 million in cash at quarter end. And you may recall that we have drawn $500 million from our revolver back in March in light of the uncertainty of commercial paper markets at the time. In June, as it became clear that CP markets have stabilized, we repaid those loans. As you know, our long term priorities for capital allocation support our primary objectives of delivering faster growth in high value categories, alongside profitable growth of our base businesses. These priorities are unchanged in the current environment. In particular, we continued to protect our investments in high value categories, while curtailing our original capital spending plans for the year by approximately $55 million in the other areas of the business. And as noted last quarter, we are maintaining our dividend rate during this period of uncertain global demand. And we've not yet resumed share repurchase activity, following our decision in March to pause this program as the crisis unfolded. Turning to segment results for the quarter. Label and graphic material sales were down 4.9% on an organic basis, driven largely by volume and mix. Sales were unchanged organically in label and packaging materials, as modest growth in the base label and specialty labeled categories was offset by mid teens decline for durable label categories, reflecting the general slowdown in durable goods production. Looking at LPMs organic sales trends by month and region. North America and Europe went from low double digit growth in a combined March and April to high single digit growth in May and then declined in June as Mitch indicated earlier. The trend in China was a bit choppy with a low single digit decline overall for the quarter. And South Asia saw mid-teen declines in both April or May, reflecting the widespread closures, particularly in India, with a significant sequential improvement in June, which came in nearly even with prior year. And finally, results in Latin America were down low single-digits overall for the quarter. As Mitch mentioned, in the combined graphics and reflective solutions business, sales declined by approximately 30% organically but improved through the quarter. LGM's adjusted operating margin increased 100 basis points to 14.8% as the benefits of productivity, including material re-engineering and net restructuring savings, as well as raw material deflation net of pricing, more than offset unfavorable volume and mix. And shifting now to retail branding and information solutions. RBS sales were down 28% ex currency and 36% on an organic basis, reflecting an approximately 40% decline in the base business, driven by site closures and lower apparel demand. As Mitch noted, ex currency enterprise-wide RFID sales were up more than 10%, driven by the Smartrac acquisition and down 20% on an organic basis. And note that, while LGM represents a separate and distinct channel of access to printers and converters purchasing our RFID inlays, for simplicity during the integration, in the second quarter, we decided to recognize the results associated with the Smartrac acquisition solely in RBIS. Overall, results in RBIS reflect strong sequential improvement in demand every month since April. Looking at the base apparel business, the value channel held up best for the quarter though still down close to 30% on an organic basis, while premium fashion deteriorated the most. Adjusted operating margin for the segment declined to roughly 1%, reflecting reduced fixed cost leverage in this high-variable margin business, which was partially offset by aggressive cost control measures. Turning to the industrial and healthcare materials segment. Sales fell 21% on an organic basis, reflecting an approximate 30% decline in industrial categories, driven by automotive. Adjusted operating margin decreased 370 basis points to 6.8% due to reduced fixed cost leverage, partially offset by productivity. And now shifting to our outlook. Given the uncertainty regarding global demand, we're not resuming annual guidance at this time. As we did in March and June, we will arrange an Update Call in September to let you know how things are playing out. In the meantime, I'll highlight some of the key pieces of the equation that we have reasonable visibility to now. We expect in our third quarter sales will be down 5% to 7% on an ex currency basis and 7% to 9% organically. So far in July, total company sales ex currency are down about 5% or roughly 7% on an organic basis with LGM down about 6%, RBIS down about 5% and IHM down about 14%. Our organic sales outlook for the third quarter assumes that LGM will be down mid single-digits, RBIS will slow down relative to July and be down mid teens and IHM will show a modest sequential improvement compared to July. As mentioned, we also expect to generate restructuring savings net of transition costs of $60 million to $70 million this year, up $10 million from our view in April, and we're targeting roughly $150 million of net temporary savings, which is noted includes reductions in accruals related to incentive plans. And note that over half of the full year total for temporary savings has been realized in the first half of the year, with much of that in the second quarter. And keep in mind, the vast majority of the temporary actions we are taking are expected to be a headwind for us when markets recover. As Mitch said, protecting our margins is a key focus for us during this period of slower growth. Assuming we continue to see sequential improvement in demand trends through the second half, we are targeting to deliver an adjusted EBITDA margin for the full year in line with prior year. And finally, we are targeting to generate roughly $500 million of free cash flow this year, roughly comparable to what we delivered last year, with our target including an increase in cash restructuring costs associated with new initiatives and a higher cash tax rate related to repatriation of foreign earnings. Our free cash flow target includes an expected $165 million to $175 million of spending on fixed and IT investments, and another roughly $60 million in cash payments associated with restructuring actions. In summary, we are very well positioned to navigate this challenging environment and we look forward to coming out even stronger when our markets recover. And now we'll open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from random George Staphos with BofA Securities. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: I guess my question to start is around margin cadence to the extent that you can comment either quantified or qualitatively. You've done remarkable job so far generating temporary cost saving and restructuring. Should we assume that you should be able to maintain the same level of year-on-year comparisons in profit dollars for the key segments and third quarter, assuming volume trends don't deteriorate from what you saw on July, or would there be any reason why the year-on-year comparisons might be more negative in 3Q versus 2Q? That's question number one. Question number two is on RBIS, can you talk to what, if any, at this juncture, conclusions you have on mix of the business as we look out into 21 and 22 and as much as if we are working less than formal settings and more away from the office. Does that have any effect on from what your customers are saying, premium apparel versus other types of apparel and then in turn, the margin and price point that you're selling at within RBIS? Thank you, guys.
Greg Lovins: I'll take the first part of that question. As I mentioned at the end there, we expect our EBITDA margins assuming obviously we come in and the range we talked about for Q3 and things continue to improve as we move through the back part of the year that we would respect our EBITDA margin for the full year to be in line with prior year. So we're slightly better than prior year in the first half. And weve started to see margins pick up last year in the second quarter. So largely for the second half, we're targeting to be roughly in line with margins that we had in the back half of last year. I think you asked about any comp differences versus prior year. The only major difference would be the European restructuring. It really kicked in in the third quarter of last year, so that was a benefit year over year still in Q2. It wouldn't be a year over year benefit in the third quarter, but largely replaced with some of the new actions that we've talked about already. George, you asked a few questions around RBIS and conclusions on mix of business going into next year. I would say right now we're not conclusive on various general areas of mix other than the trend of continuing to improve the mix of RBS overall towards the high value segments. We expect that to continue as it has been maybe even accelerate. So, if you look at with intelligent labels within that business, we expect 15% to 20% growth over the long-term. External embellishments is now $100 million business, we expect that to be growing well above average in that range as well. So, that would be one overall conclusion well have mix of business in general. And then as far as impacts of, we mentioned maybe less formal settings around clothing. There are just discussions obviously about maybe the casualization of the workplace and people working from home, could be a benefit to athleisure at the expense of more formal wear. For us should that hold true, we're well positioned. A good portion of our sales is with performance athletic businesses now that's not hitting already, there's quite a bit of inventory in the system. And athleisure in general isn't as seasonal as other categories. So that's down a good amount for us in Q2. But we think that it's a very durable segment of the market where we are extremely well positioned. And for us just overall what we're seeing COVID lot of near term disruptions but we think it actually plays to our strengths, both as far as market access, global footprint and technological advantage, particularly around intelligent labels.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: For LGM, is it possible to quantify or characterize any benefits from lower raw materials net of price in 2Q, and how you just generally would expect price costs to play out in the second half as you lap some pricing headwinds, but also pet chem prices are coming back up, but things paper coming down. Just how would you kind of characterize second half price cost?
Greg Lovins: So I think, we've had as I talked about last quarter low single digit benefit sequentially from where we ended last year. Through the first quarter another, I guess, low single digit benefit from Q1 to where we were Q2 from a raw material basket perspective, And as you said started out earlier in the year in paper, early Q2 some benefit from films and chemicals. And we are looking a little bit of pressure in the back half, potentially depending on where the macro goes and where oil goes, et cetera. So I think we may see, given some of the sequential deflation we've had in the first couple of quarters, a little bit of a modest price for all headwind in the second half sequentially from where we are at the end of the second quarter.
Anthony Pettinari: And then do you think your LGM volumes in 2Q were consistent with what the industry was seeing, or you may be picking up some share or giving up any share? And I guess negative volumes in 2Q. Did you see any change in kind of competitive dynamics, maybe in terms of pricing or other behavior?
Greg Lovins: So overall, if you look at, we clearly think we thought at the time that we were, some of the surge we saw speaks specifically to the mature regions, North America and Europe. Some of the surge we saw was inventory building and we think renouncing the industry and we are seeing inventory destocking. If you look at our growth over really just going back March through July, the mature regions grew 6% over that period. So that's above what we've historically seen, which we think is not through the cycle yet, obviously. Clearly, that's above the average consumption within that business, and I'm talking volumes right now. As far as within the, you asked the share question specifically. So we don't have all the share data in yet. So, we don't yet know the answer where we do see it, we do believe, we did perhaps lose some very modest amounts of share early on in the cycle we were, our plants, a couple of our plants were in position where there was COVID hotspots, as I mentioned earlier. And so, as we are ramping up production and so forth and ultimately, got to the point of having record output. But in that early part, we think we didn't see a bit of share. But overall, within the range that we would expect over time and we're confident that we'll be able to recapture anything that we did lose.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Robert W. Baird and Company. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi: So Mitch, just to follow up to Anthony's question on the LPM tail off, if you will, in terms of demand. Are there any specific verticals that you're seeing incremental weakness in LPM as it relates to your destocking comment. Just asking because of the, most of the CPG companies that reported thus far have been pointing towards still healthy demand. I guess which end markets are you seeing that destocking?
Mitch Butier: We're actually seeing it across the board. The surge we saw was in all product categories and we're further back in the supply chain. And so the compounding effect of pantry loading, which is what the end users would see but then you've got though with the end users and the consumer packaged goods companies have and then the converters as well. And so our converter customers are telling us, yes, they did build inventory and they are now reducing inventory now that they all are comfortable across the network that there will be a continuity of supply. We don't have a good read on exactly what it, how much of it will be destocking versus end consumption. As I mentioned over that five months horizon, there is a above average demand for our products, that's what we're continuing to see. And over the next month or two, I think we'll be able to sort out exactly how much is destocking and so forth. And again, the market data is not yet in for particularly North America yet, so we don't have a good feel on that. Within, in general, we believe the market for film business in particular, because of just the household and personal care, particularly household has done well from a market perspective and we're continuing to see good growth in that category. And that's where you probably see the big most exaggerated increase in consumption.
Ghansham Panjabi: And then in terms of RFID, I mean, obviously, the apparel markets are quite challenged at current. You mentioned that about 75% of RFID. Can you just touch on what you're seeing for the other end markets. And then just related to that the 40% decremental you recorded for RBIS in the second quarter. Is that the right number to think about going forward? Thanks.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So, I'll let Greg answer the decremental margin question in a moment. So specifically around RFID. Yes, 75% of the business now with the Smartrac acquisition is linked to apparel. So, obviously, for existing programs when their volumes are down of our customers, the existing programs will decline. We expect ultimately apparel as it has in the past rebound, people are still going to consume clothes, and we think we're well-positioned within that. And then, so that's really what the driver is overall of the RFID decline. What we're seeing as far as activities, both in apparel and outside of apparel, those who knew they wanted to drive more automation, increased their speed and we're looking at RFID are accelerating their efforts. And those where it was maybe more earlier in the pipeline discussions, definitely a lot more interest. So as I commented, our pipeline for intelligent label programs is up more than 35% just from the beginning of this year and it's up close to 60% since last year. So a significant increase. And about half of the pipeline growth that we're seeing is in logistics, so that area in particular standing out. Apparel and food, we're still seeing 20% increase in both of those categories in the pipeline since the beginning of the year. The one where we're obviously not getting much traction right now and it's slowed down is aviation. So there hasn't been any growth really in the aviation pipeline over the last, well, since the beginning of the year for obvious reasons. So generally, very excited about the opportunities, not only in apparel, a lot of runway ahead of us on that but also particularly driving within food and logistics. Greg, you want to take decremental margin
Greg Lovins: And the second question there. So overall, when we look at the full P&L for the company, our decremental margin was around 20%. And if I break that down, as we talked last quarter, we expected the volume impacts net of the short-term actions to be around 30% for the year. That was about 40% in Q2 and we were expected that to be a bit higher than the normal, just given the bigger decline in the quarter. And then we offset part of that volume net of short-term action 40%. We offset part of that with the restructuring savings, as well as incentive compensation adjustments. So from an RBS perspective, obviously, given the size of the sales decline their impact was bigger, and given the fact that they generally have higher variable margins as well. And they had an impact in the second quarter from of course the incentive compensation, accrual impact as well. So, we wouldn't expect that to change too much for RBIS as we move through the back half, just given the higher variable margins there and not repeating the adjustment on incentive compensation as well.
Operator: Next question is from Adam Josephson with KeyBank Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Mitch, Greg and Cindy good morning, and kudos on that monthly sales trend fly by, just it really clarifies the monthly trend. So thank you for putting that in there. Along those lines, a question on July. So you said, July sales were down 7% organically. Obviously, from April to June, it went from down 17% to down 11% and then down just 7% in July. So just at a high-level Mitch. Could you talk about why you're not assuming further sequential improvement from July, because based on your 3Q guidance of down 7% to 9%, if anything, you're assuming modest deterioration from that down 7%. I'm just trying to get a better understanding as to why.
Mitch Butier: We're expecting continued improvement in LGM and IHM but it's really around RBIS. And we don't, if you look at July itself, it doesn't fully reflect what we just think is going on within apparel and brands from our discussions with them. There seem to be a good amount of catch up in July, particularly South Asia started to ramp back up and doing some catch up on maybe some late back to school early fall season. For us the key thing to watch and by the way, July is one of the lowest months seasonally in the year for the apparel business. So, it's not a good benchmark overall is what I'd say. So we're being basically expecting continued improvement in LGM IHM, but July not being good baseline for how to think about the entire quarter for RBIS. As you look through it, the key next area so back to school and fall largely getting behind us and these seasons obviously overlap. Holiday is a key season for us and that's really September, October and maybe early November, that will be a key test for us about just overall confidence in the retail sector and conference going into the holiday season. So that will be the key next area to watch and we'll be giving updates as we go through that.
Adam Josephson: And just one other on the temporary cost savings of $150 million. I think you said in the presentation that you expect the vast majority of those to come back next year under the assumption that sales recover. Do you expect that to be a case irrespective of the magnitude of the sales recovery next year, or just sales don't come back might hardly any of those sales come back next year? And then just relatedly, you said in the last call that assuming this recession is comparable to the great recession that you'd expect 21 earnings to be above 19. I'm just wondering how this temporary cost issue fits into that outlook, if you can talk about that? Thanks very much.
Greg Lovins: So I think as you said on the temporary cost actions, we're looking at about $150 million this year. If I break that down a little more than a third of that are kind of the most volume impacted piece, the things like over time temporary cost furlough type of benefits. About a third of it is or little bit more is belt tightening and that's something that if volume doesn't come back, we could continue to manage. If volume comes back, sorry, on the more volume really pieces, obviously, that part will go up. And then somewhere around 25% to 30% of it is incentive compensation adjustments as well, both short term annual incentives, as well as long term incentives that are this year. So, that part wouldn't repeat in 2021 as well.
Mitch Butier: And then the other part of your question just about expecting things to come back, we've seen in past recessions we bounced back quickly in the year following the recession. And so I said that again I just said in the 12 months following whenever the recession ends, we're not foreseeing and everybody has their own assumptions about when this period will conclude, but we still expect that bounce back that you mentioned Adam.
Operator: And our next question is from Neel Kumar of Morgan Stanley Investments. Please go ahead.
Neel Kumar: In IHM it looks like decremental margins came in around 23% in the quarter. Was it generally reminds expectations and it is the kind of flow through margins, which you think about for the third quarter as well?
Greg Lovins: Yes, similar to the rest of the company, I think, I mean, I assume overall, the bigger declines that we saw were in industrial, particularly in the automotive categories, just given automotive productions in the quarter. So those are the areas we had the biggest declines. I think when we look forward, we would expect automotive to maybe get a little bit better as we move through Q3. Still expecting to be down. I think we talked about before, we're down kind of mid teens in July and expect that to get a little bit better as we move through the quarter, or modestly better as we move through quarter. So where we expect decremental margins to be at a similar level I think, overall, IHM and the total company we talked about last quarter, volumes net of short term actions is roughly 30%. Areas like RBIS, IHM a little bit higher than that and areas like LPM a little bit lower than that.
Neel Kumar: And then just one on your corporate expense, it came down pretty significantly to $11 million this quarter versus at $19 million to $20 million level in the last few quarters. Is that a reasonable basis to think about sort of second half of the year, and how much of that is coming from permanent versus temporary cost savings?
Greg Lovins: So a big part of the decline sequentially is related to the incentive compensation adjustments that I talked about. So we would expect the back half incentive compensation accruals to remain low but not to have the catch up that we saw in the second quarter. So we would expect corporate costs to go back up closer to where they were, I think, maybe still slightly better than where they were in Q1 one, but certainly higher than what they were in the second quarter.
Operator: And next question is from Josh Spector, UBS Securities. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector: Just on free cash flow. I mean, you reiterated your target for $500 million for this year. Just curious when you feel like you could be comfortable deploying some of the cash since your balance sheet is in relatively good shape here and assuming things get better through the second half, will improve through the second half of the year?
Greg Lovins: So as we said, we're still expecting to deliver roughly $500 million in free cash flow for the year. At the same time, our debt position and our balance sheet remains strong. So we continue to feel comfortable about our ability to continue investing in the business organically, continuing to look for M&A targets, which we're continuing to do as well and then also continuing to return cash to shareholders, which we've done by maintaining the dividend throughout this crisis period so far. And we have share buy backs as we've talked about and that's something that we'll continue to monitor and evaluate as we move through the back part of the year.
Josh Spector: And just on Smartrac, I mean, you now own that a little bit more than a quarter and I know last quarter wasn't exactly normal. But are there any things you could point towards in terms of incremental positive surprises since you've owned it, or where we should see perhaps more upside versus what you were thinking when you acquired the business?
Mitch Butier: Overall, the integration and just is going extremely well and actually ahead of schedule for us, the synergy opportunities and most of that's growth synergy opportunities are on track is what I'd say. The business in the quarter was down from prior year, it's got it linked, tied into apparel as well but down less than the average overall. And we're seeing quite a bit opportunity, both in the apparel and logistics space combining the two shrinks of the two businesses. So, overall, pleased with what we're seeing from a capability standpoint, the link of their R&D capabilities with our process technology capabilities, the footprint and just the complimentary channel access that we bring.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Zekauskas, JP Morgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: What was the rate of change in volume in your LPM business in July versus your graphic apparels business?
Greg Lovins: From a sales perspective, in July, as we talked about a minute ago, overall, LGM is down about 6%. That's what the LPM business being down kind of in the low to mid single digit range and graphics being down roughly in the mid teens.
Jeff Zekauskas: Avery is usually a company that has a good look on economic growth, sort of an early indicator of all kinds of trends. But it's little bit difficult for you, I guess, to see those trends because of some destocking. Do you have a feeling of your business in general getting better exclusive of the destock, or is it just too hard to tell given the markets you sell to?
Greg Lovins: Yes, Jeff, it's tough to sell when you talk about being an early indicator in the past, it was often going into a downturn. We had a good feel for it before and we actually would experience it a quarter or two before everything else. And there's no other reason other than I would just say it was kind of collective wisdom across the value chain as people being having a little more uncertainty rashing down inventory levels and because we're further back would have a compounded effect for us. And then on the flip side of your point when things were starting to stabilize and get better and inventories were starting to rebuild, we would see the exact opposite effect in the surging demand. This is obviously playing out differently where the surge came first and everybody was concerned about just what would their continuity of supply look like. And even in our industrial categories within IHM, we actually had pretty healthy growth still in March and April, which were just automotive supply chain, making sure they had enough product of all the various categories, because people were worried about running out. So this is playing out different across the businesses, particularly the two materials businesses and we've seen in the past. And there is a lack of clear visibility of what's happening around and inventory levels, obviously, at the pantry level and everything else. From everybody we speak to, the census consumption of packaged goods continues to remain strong on a relative basis, particularly consumption. If you think of packaged foods, think of packaged household care, personal care is kind of on the normal growth rate. There was inventory stocking earlier on but people aren't shampooing their hair anymore in this environment than they were before. But they're cleaning their counters if you will more in this environment than they were before. So, we do see some clear signs of some different paths for different end markets. But little bit tough for us to tell right now and we got to get through the next few months to have a clearer view on that overall, Jeff.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paretosh Misra with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paretosh Misra: So question on your RFID business. So you're generating about half a billion dollar in sales currently, and you mentioned customer engagement is up, I think 35%. So how should we think of your revenue opportunity from this pipeline? And trying to see if what's typical revenue per customer or for adoption and these future customers, potential customers could represent even bigger opportunity than what you currently have?
Greg Lovins: So, overall, it's with the pipeline growth that get to our 15% to 20% average growth that we're expecting going forward, and we've delivered at the high end of that organically in the past. So that's what that comes from specifically. As far as size of programs, there's a lot, all different sizes of programs. We have smaller specialty programs in some categories and then very large volume programs in others. So it actually runs the gamut, if you will, across. And so our confidence and our ability to grow this business at the 15% to 20% level is reinforced by the pipeline and just the increased level of insights we have by the investments we've made in business development and marketing development teams overtime and just finding more and more use cases.
Paretosh Misra: And then maybe as a followup on that. So, you're selling some of these RFID products through converters and some are directly to customer. Is that only a function of the end-market or the kind of customers you have, or is there some different strategy or value addition that you're providing to customers?
Greg Lovins: From a channel standpoint, so roughly 75% of the business is direct to the end users and 25% goes through converters. Most of that converter leverage is coming through Smartrac and that's where we're looking to combine it with the strengths of LGM, but most of the business is direct to end customers is where the sale happen.
Operator: And our next question is from Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Chris Kapsch: So I had a question about LGM margin trends and expectations for how that metric may play out over the balance of 2020 and maybe setting up for next year. So in the quarter, operating margin was up 100 bps. You called out some of the variances that contributed there. But so some of the re-engineering benefits and restructuring savings could be viewed as structural or stickier at least. And you were able to deliver that margin improvement in spite of arguably adverse mix with your higher margin graphics and reflective volumes being down pretty dramatically more than the strength in the label business, which is now sort of not reversing but moderating. So I'm just wondering if that mix inflect, how does that set up for the margin trends over the balance of the year? And how do you think about the margin potential for that segment in a more normalized basis looking forward? Thanks.
Greg Lovins: So again, overall, I talked about our EBITDA margins, we expect to be roughly flat to prior year, assuming the top-line plays out as we've talked about for the whole company, we are giving or not giving EBITDA margin targets by business. But when we look across the trends, as I mentioned earlier, we have had some positive net price and raw materials in the first half in LGM where we see raw materials generally stabilizing a bit right now and a little bit of a modest headwind, as I mentioned earlier on net pricing as we move into the back half in LGM. Otherwise, I don't really see significant changes. I mean, normally we have a seasonal Q2 to Q3 bit of a margin decline each year in LGM. So normally, you would expect to continue seeing that type of a trend as well. But otherwise, not any other major trends that I would see affecting margins through the back half.
Chris Kapsch: And just to follow-up on that. Just wondering the mix improvement, if there's inversion in terms of the negative sales variance thats tied to the graphic and reflective business being less negative over the balance of the year. Is that enough to move the needle on from a mix standpoint and therefore margin standpoint vis--vis the label business? Thanks.
Mitch Butier: Overall, there's a lot of factors going on. And I think what you should, as Greg commented on our overall total company EBITDA margins what we expect for the second half and full year and what we would reasonably estimate is actually pick up in margins in RBIS and IHM, particularly RBIS as revenue begins to rebound on a sequential basis from the trough in Q2. And that will be partially offset by a moderation of some of the margins in LGM. Within LGM, you have some mix benefits potentially around graphics coming back as you highlight. There are obviously a number of other factors. And we really moved quite quickly on these temporary cost savings, which impacted the Q2. So there's a number of factors going different directions. I think, overall takeaway feel confident with total company margins, even in this lower demand environment, we're going to be able to maintain our EBITDA margins for the full year in the second half, but we need to continue first half as a starting point little bit of moderation in LGM for various, particularly temporary cost savings timing, offset by benefits coming from RBIS and IHM, particularly RBIS.
Operator: Next question is from George Staphos, BofA Securities. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: My last two. I just wanted to first go back, partly to cover Adams question again and then also your comments on, to my question on RBIS, not looking for a guarantee but just want to make sure. So at this juncture, your view of Avery's ability to snap back post this recession is no different. It's all just a question of when the recession ends that marks when that recovery start. And an RBIS, based on the growth that you're seeing in value added and the mix enhances that you get there. Looking forward, RBIS should have at least the same type of growth and margin potential as it did prior to COVID. Would you agree to both of those statements?
Mitch Butier: Yes, we expect this business is resilient, it will bounce back. The timing depends on what's going on in the macro and everything else. And we are, RBIS, lot of questions around retail and apparel overall. When we look at the mix of that business with below average, how much was in high value segments. If you go back six years ago, five, six years ago, even very recent, more recent than that a couple years ago, its mix of high value segments, both intelligence labels and exterior embellishments. We see being well above average as far as it's mix, so some very strong long term secular growth, I wont call them tailwinds, because the team's doing phenomenal job navigating the environment, but that's what we expect. So, absolutely and yes.
George Staphos: And my other question on cash flow guidance. Prior it was $500 million plus now its approximately $500 million, which is noble given everything that's been going on. You called out three things, accelerate restructuring, more taxes on repatriation and the inventory build early in the year. Is there anything else that would cause a slight decrement in free cash flow outlook for the year, or did those three things capture it? Thanks guys, and good luck on the quarter.
Greg Lovins: I mean, those are the drivers. I mean we just made, I guess, some modest adjustment to our expectations on cash flow for the year. So again, as you said, a little bit higher restructuring costs given the higher savings we expect this year and next year, a little bit higher cash tax rates. And then, operationally, we're largely where we had expected a quarter ago a little bit more work to do on working capital, particularly inventory as we talked about.
Operator: And our next question is from Adam Josephson, KeyBank Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Just my last two questions. One on LGM sales trend, so Mitch or Greg. So in 2Q down 5, July down 6, and then for the quarter you're saying down mid single, so modest improvement, it sounds like sequentially. Within that are you assuming the LPM destocking will be over, or are you assuming a continued drag from the LPM segment? Just trying to disaggregate those two in 3Q?
Greg Lovins: Yes, Adam, as I think I said a minute ago, Jeff's question on July. We've seen an LPM kind of low to mid single digits in July graphics down mid teens, and that's really our expectation right now for the quarter is low to mid single in LPM and graphics down in the mid teens. So we're looking at mid single digit decline overall for LGM. We've already seen in North America an improvement in July versus what we've seen in June. I think in Europe, it's a question, as Mitch already talked about a number of factors, just as well as the August holiday period and how things return there are not. So I think, itll be a few weeks or so until we really get a better view of the trends in Europe.
Mitch Butier: And overall, I do just think the thing to focus on is just the end consumption. What you think is going to be happening going in both Europe and North America elsewhere as well of course, because that's where the inventory piece will work its way through and we didn't expect that to permanently stabilize. I mean stay at the higher inventory levels longer term. We're sharing a lot of the anecdotes, as well as hard evidence that some number of categories with our labels do have increased consumption on a relative basis but what's going on in the broader economy, because a lot of our VI labels don't just go on e-commerce, they also just go on regular supply chain goods and will help with the restaurant industry and everything else. So I think that's a bigger area to impact probably the second half is what your own assumptions are about in consumption. We know we are well positioned. We feel good that what's going on and the focus around more hygiene is enhancing the focus around needing packaging and needing more disinfectants with which our labels go on and so forth. So on a relative basis, we feel that the market's positioned well. We're obviously extremely well positioned within that market. Questions a little more just what your assumptions are around the macro and when do we come out of this.
Adam Josephson: And Mitch just one on Europe. So I think your primary competitor in Europe talked about the market being up 10%, you guys are done mid-single and I think Anthony asked about market share and you said you might have exceeded a bit of market share early in the quarter. Was that in Europe specifically, Mitch, and was that just related to the COVID cases you had and your inability to operate normally as a result?
Mitch Butier: Yes, I was referencing Europe specifically. And our comments, the reference point of mid single digits versus comments of up 10 were talking revenue. The market is evaluated in terms of volume primarily. And so from a volume basis, we're up high single digits, almost 10% within the quarter within Europe.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to you for any closing remarks.
Mitch Butier: All right. Well, thank you everybody for joining us. And once again, I want to thank our entire team for their tireless efforts to keep one another safe and continuing to deliver for our customers. I look forward to speaking all of you later in this quarter when we provide an update. Until then stay safe everyone.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. Everyone have a great rest of your day and you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-29 14:57:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter ended March 28, 2020. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from noon Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time May 2nd. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 1-402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21930678. Id now like to turn the conference over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennisons Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance. Please go ahead, maam.
Cindy Guenther: Thank you, Frank. As you saw in the materials we released this morning, the pandemic is changing how we operate in myriad ways, including how we communicate with our various stakeholders. We hope that you found our more extensive news release and supplemental materials, which are available at the Investor section of our Web site, helped in understanding both our results this past quarter as well as recent developments associated with the virus. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A-4 to A-8 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. We undertake no obligation to update these statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances other than as maybe required by law. On the call today dialing in from different locations are Mitch Butier, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, Cindy, and hello, everyone. Clearly the pandemic is having a huge impact on all of our stakeholders. The situation has been evolving in unpredictable ways and the team is doing a tremendous job adapting to the new reality, anticipating and planning for various scenarios. Our first priority in this crisis has been and will continue to be protecting the health and welfare of our teams, followed immediately by continuing to deliver industry-leading product quality and service to our customers. We took aggressive and decisive measures early on to protect the health of our team. When the crisis first developed in China, we provided and required facemask temperature checks and social distancing, among other things within our operations. We then implemented these best practices in other sites, modifying them where appropriate as the virus rolled across other countries. As a result, we have had fewer than 10 confirmed cases of the virus among the team to date. I'm proud of the actions we've been taking to help keep our people safe. In addition to protecting their health, we also took measures to soften the initial economic shock to employees when we were required to close operations or where we experienced a precipitous drop in volume. We delayed some of the restructuring actions we had planned for the year. We have extended salary continuation, particularly in jurisdictions with weaker social safety nets and the Avery Dennison Foundation has stepped forward to provide grants for employee assistance. Id like to say thank you again to our team and especially to those in our plants for their tireless efforts to maintain our industry-leading quality and service through this crisis. We were keeping each other safe, meeting our customers needs and bringing a whole new level of agility and dedication to meet the unique challenges at hand. Thank you. Turning now to the impact on our businesses. As you saw in our published materials, Q1 earnings came in higher than our expectations. Well provide a few quick highlight on the quarter and address any additional questions you have in the Q&A. In LGM, we delivered strong volume growth both from the anticipated recovery of prior year share loss as well as the demand surge late in the quarter related to the pandemic. As you know, we entered this year with a focus on protecting our margins in a period of lower growth, and we beat our expectations on that front. In RBIS, continued strong growth in high-value categories was offset by a roughly 7% decline in volumes in the base, reflecting shutdowns early in the quarter in China and in late in the quarter in other countries as the pandemic spread. These pandemic-related headwinds in the base as well as a tough prior year comp drove the margin decline in this business. The high-value categories were up mid-teens on an organic basis within RBIS. Enterprise-wide, RFID was up mid-teens in the quarter. As you know, we have been continuing to invest in growth in these categories and that includes our recent acquisition of Smartrac. This acquisition accelerates our strategy to build our intelligent labels platform that now spans both RBIS and LGM. Just a couple of months into our integration with Smartrac, we are confident our combined capabilities position us extremely well to capture the long-term growth opportunity in an increasingly digitized world. And lastly on the quarter, the IHM team successfully delivered their planned margin expansion despite a drop in sales from lower industrial demand, especially for automotive. Focusing on more recent trends, its clear that the early stages of this downturn are playing out differently than past recessions. Label and packaging materials, our largest business, serves essential categories that are experiencing higher demand during the pandemic. In particular, our operations in Europe and North America experienced a significant surge in demand in March and thus far in Q2 driven by food, hygiene and pharmaceutical product labeling as well as variable information labeling related to e-commerce. In contrast, RBIS, which primarily serves apparel markets, is seeing a significant decline in demand reflecting widespread retail and store and apparel manufacturing closures. Overall, we anticipate a decline in organic growth and earnings for the company this year as anticipated strong volumes in essential label categories is more than offset by declines in categories serving apparel and industrial end markets. We saw the beginnings of these trends in March which accelerated through April pointing to a substantially more pronounced impact to our second quarter results, particularly for RBIS. While its still early days in the downturn, we expect that these trends will improve sequentially in the back half of the year as retail and manufacturing reopens. Due to our longstanding focus on innovation, productivity and capital discipline, we entered this crisis from a position of financial, operational and commercial strength. Though the nature of the macro challenges is different than in past recessions, our business is resilient across economic cycles. Historically, our businesses have rebounded quickly in the year following a recession. Now, it's too early to call but if the depth and duration of the economic impact across this cycle is similar to what we experience in the Great Recession, we would be targeting 2021 earnings and free cash flow above 2019 levels. As for our financial position, past scenario planning has ensured that we have ample liquidity and a strong balance sheet and were targeting free cash flow in 2020 of more than $500 million comparable to what we delivered last year. Our years of relentless focus on productivity and capital discipline continue to serve us well. We are continuing to execute our long-term strategic restructuring initiatives to enhance our competitive position in our base, free up resources to invest in high-value categories and support our margins. In addition to these long-term initiatives, we are implementing short-term temporary actions to reduce costs in the face of this disruption to global demand. That said, our strategic priorities are unchanged. We are protecting our investments to expand in high-value categories, including RFID, while driving long-term profitable growth of our base businesses and we remain confident in our ability to continue to create significant long-term value for all of our stakeholders. Over to you Greg.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, Mitch, and hello, everybody. Ill speak briefly to our financial condition and then our outlook. As you know, one of our key strategic pillars has been our drive for increased productivity. As a result, our businesses are stronger and more agile today than ever before with the ability to generate additional productivity to help us manage through this crisis. Another key strategic pillar of ours has been strong capital discipline. This discipline reflects our focus on creating long-term economic value in terms of both capital efficiency and allocation. It has also been a frame we're used to build a strong balance sheet. In short, our long-term scenario planning has prepared us for the downturn we are now experiencing. That planning led us to terminate our U.S. pension plan last year and a highly opportune window, extend of revolver two years ahead of schedule, which we initiated before the pandemic and issue long-term debt in advance of the recent market disruptions. Today, our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio is 2.0, below our long-term target of 2.3 to 2.6 and we have ample liquidity. We renewed our $800 million revolving credit facility in February, improving its terms and extending the maturity date to 2025. We also completed a $500 million debt offering in the quarter to fund both the Smartrac acquisition as well as the repayment of debt that matured a couple weeks ago. In light of uncertainty regarding availability of commercial paper in this environment as well as relatively favorable terms under our revolver, we drew $500 million under this facility in March with a six-month duration. Our near-term capital allocation priorities conserve cash while supporting our long-term value creation goals of delivering faster growth in high-value categories alongside profitable growth of our base businesses. We are continuing to reinvent our investments in high-value categories, while curtailing our capital spending plans in other areas of the business. Specifically, were reducing capital investments by $55 million for the year resulting in a spending plan in the range of $165 million to $175 million. Were also heightening our focus on working capital. Our efficiency on this front declined in the first quarter, reflecting the late March closures that impacted many of our customers resulting in delayed collections and higher inventory levels. Were targeting significant improvement in working capital levels over the balance of the year. It is worth pointing out here that we increased our receivables reserves at the end of Q1, consistent with our standard relatively conservative accounting policies. And while we don't currently have significant concerns here, we do see some heightened risk in certain areas, particularly in areas where we have seen extended industry shutdowns. Turning to shareholder distributions. At our April meeting, the Board voted to maintain the dividend at its current rate while we have taken a temporary pause on share repurchases. Shifting to our outlook. Given all the uncertainty regarding global demand, we have suspended our annual guidance. We plan to arrange an update call sometime later in the quarter to let you know how things are playing out. In the meantime, I can speak to some of the pieces of the equation that we can see now. Based on April trends in which sales are down roughly 18% versus prior year, we expect that our second quarter sales will be down 15% to 20% on an organic basis as continued strength in LPM is offset by declines in RBIS and to a lesser extent graphics and IHM. In particular, were assuming that RBIS sales will be down roughly 40% in Q2. Based on recent rates, currency translation represents a roughly 3% headwind to reported sales growth for 2020 and a $28 million headwind to operating income. And we expect that Smartrac will add roughly 1.5 points to the company's reported sales growth in 2020. Note that the sales and earnings impact from this acquisition are split between LGM and RBIS based on the sales channel. Sales through converters are captured in LGM to leverage our strengths there, while sales through RBIS traditional channels flow through the RBIS segment, and we anticipate that the 2020 sales split will be roughly 60% LGM and 40% RBIS. And we expect to generate restructuring savings, net of transition costs, of $50 million to $60 million this year. The actions were taken should generate carryover savings of approximately $60 million for 2021. And were targeting roughly $120 million of short-term temporary savings, some belt tightening and other actions such as reductions in travel and other discretionary spending, reduce use of overtime and temps and some furloughs. And keep in mind that most of the temporary actions were taking are expected to be a headwind for us when markets recover. And we are targeting to generate roughly $500 million of free cash flow this year. In summary, we are very well positioned to navigate this challenging environment. And we look forward to coming out even stronger when our markets recover. And now, wed open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Company. Please proceed.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hi, guys. Good afternoon. Hope everybodys doing well.
Mitch Butier : Yes, totally, Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi: On Slide 6 where you talk about backlogs within the LMG segment, can you just give us some more color on what exactly youre seeing? Historically, I think your business has been pretty  has had pretty short lead times. So what are you seeing thats different now? And then sort of on the RBIS side, Greg I think you mentioned 40% decline for RBIS in 2Q. Would that imply that RFID is also negative on the quarter?
Mitch Butier : Yes, so Ill take the first part of that question. Greg can take the second part. Normally, youre absolutely right, Ghansham. As you know, we do not normally have much in the way of backlogs in the LGM business. We fulfill a majority of our orders within 24, 48 hours. And so its unusual for us to have the extended backlog extended into the weeks, couple of months at one point and that was from two effects. One was a surge in demand. So orders, if you were to look at it, particularly between weeks 12, the last week of March through the third week in April, both in North America and Europe, orders were up in the 40% to 80% range depending on which week you are referring to. So orders were up tremendously related to the increase and consumption, as weve talked about, as well as the inventory build both along the supply chain as well as pantry loading. And then that combined with  the surge happened right at the same time particularly in Europe where the backlogs were longer in North America, a little bit increasing backlogs but not too much. In Europe, it happened the same where the pandemic with hitting, particularly in France and we have one of our largest plants in France and another very large plant in Luxembourg right on the border with France, and so we had some employee absenteeism understandably so during that period. So we are now shipping record volumes out of our facilities and quickly chewing through that backlog.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, Mitch. And then on your other question, Ghansham, on RBIS, to your point as I said earlier, we expect RBIS to be down around 40% in the quarter. Were seeing the biggest impacts we think in April where were down close to 50% or around 50% in the month of April. And thats really driven by the extended retail closures that we've seen and a number of areas in our factories are closed, so for instance in South Asia and Central America a number of factories that we serve as well as our own plants have been shut down pretty much the entire month of April. So we expect April to able the worst of it, but continuing to be down about 40% for the whole quarter. And of course, given that a large portion of our RFID business is related to apparel, we would expect RFID then to be down commensurately a bit as well given just the overall impacts on the apparel industry here particularly in April.
Ghansham Panjabi: Got it. And then on Slide 13 where you have your outlook as it relates to the financial crisis, your comments on RBIS and graphics, you generally expect them to experience deeper declines in demand relative to 2008, 2009. Can you just give us more color on that? Thanks so much.
Mitch Butier : Sure, Ghansham. So we expect a deeper decline initially. In the last recession, particularly for folks on RBIS, it was down up to 20% for a couple quarters in a row. But in that situation, while there was a dramatic drop in demand and there was a lot of inventory in the system and inventories have since been much leaner, we obviously did not experience all of retail being closed and apparel factories being shut down, and that's really what the big impact is right now. When China shut down early in the crisis, our operations were largely  not entirely, but largely closed down for a couple of weeks. Now more recently late April  sorry, late March but really April it's essentially all South Asia and Latin America largely closed. So that is whats having a big impact. So clearly were going to have a bigger immediate impact than what we saw in the last recession. Similar to the last recession, we would expect a bounce once the recovery begins. People still need apparel and we would expect that there would be a resurgence once things get back to back normal. So this is something that we are closely watching and managing through. And I think one of the things that we've seen while the market has been obviously extremely challenging as far as our position. Our global footprint has been a point of advantage early on in the crisis. We were able to supply products that we normally would supply out of China, supply out of other countries such as Vietnam; and later in the crisis, products that we would normally supply out of Honduras, for example, we were supplying from China. So this has been a point of a relatively strong position that we've been able to leverage but clearly we cant offset whats going on in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for details and congratulations on your efforts with COVID and with your employees, guys. I guess the first question I had Ill piggyback a bit off of what Ghansham had teed up in terms of RBIS. Can you comment on what youre seeing and how omni-channel may ultimately help or maybe is helping on the volume side, recognizing again lives are down significantly so far? Then I guess kind of parenthetical is why are we not seeing that much benefit now? Is it just that theres less demand for apparel given that everybodys working from home and do you therefore worry perhaps the snapback down the road wont be as strong because there will be much more of a work-from-home mode than we are used to given past periods?
Mitch Butier : Yes, so a couple of questions in there, George. As far as what were seeing right now, our revenue is tied directly to our direct customers, the apparel factories. Our end customers are the retailers and brands where we get specked in, but our direct revenue is to the apparel factory. So if theyre shut down and anything going through omni-channel or the Internet ordering would be of inventory that the retailers and brand already has largely in the Western markets because thats where most of our end business is. So what were seeing directly is related to whats happening within the apparel manufacturing industries. As far as omni-channel, absolutely omni-channel is picking up. Its just from a smaller base. Omni-channel is a smaller portion of overall apparel sales. Retail is still the biggest channel for apparel. And so retail is shut down, then that obviously is going to have an impact on overall demand as well. So Internet ordering is picking up. We see this as a relative strength, as weve talked about, for our position, what we are enabled is faster supply chain, shorter lead times and RFID is really a technology that we see as something that will  in the past weve talked about providing higher quality, more accurate visibility in inventory and a greater velocity to the supply chain. Were also now interacting with customers about how it can get to touchless retail and reducing on the interaction at the retail level. So we continue to see ourselves extremely well positioned being the market leader in RFID, and as we look to build out the intelligent label platform and with the additions of Smartrac that we are going to continue to invest here and we see tremendous opportunities, all that we saw before and maybe more so as people are focusing on driving more efficiency, automation and not just for the sake of speed and lower costs but also from a standpoint of touchless interactions.
George Staphos: Okay. Ill come back in terms of my apparel question later, but the other question I had was just on the cost reductions, the 50 million to 60 million this year, the carryover 60 million next year. Can you give us a cadence, if you will, in terms of how thats flowed through? And similarly that 120 million of temporary savings, how should we feather that into our models and how would we recognize  theres a lot of unpredictability here. How do we then pull that out of a model so that were not double counting and creating too high of a bar for you to reach at some point? Thank you.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, George. On your first question on restructuring, as we said, we expect in this year somewhere between $50 million to $60 million of savings. About half of that is still carryover from projects that we completed in 2019 with the biggest one being again the European footprint project that weve talked about quite a bit. The savings started to kick-in in the middle part of last year. So really the 50 million to 60 million would be largely spread evenly throughout the year given about half of that is carryover. Theres a number of projects that have been initiated around other parts of the company that are being put into place here, especially around some of the businesses that have been more heavily impacted. So that will start to pick up in the back half of this year and have some carryover effects into next year as well as we talked about earlier. The temporary cost levers, as you said, about $120 million, much of that  some of that weve started already of course when it comes to things like travel reductions, headcount freezes, reducing overtime, temps and businesses that are more heavily impacted, et cetera. So weve largely started much of that already. Some of the other areas when you start getting into furloughs and some smaller pieces of that savings bucket really started more recently as weve seen more extended closures in a number of countries. But for the most part weve started that temporary cost savings already and well continue managing that depending on the length and depth of the downturn here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets. Please proceed.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. It looks like your provision for doubtful accounts doubled in 1Q and many of your label converting customers are much smaller than you and presumably have less access to capital. Just wondering if you can kind of summarize the health of your converting customers and if theres any particular region or customer base thats potentially an area of concern and just on how you think about the potential impact and risk to Avery this year and beyond?
Mitch Butier : Thanks, Anthony. I think as I mentioned in my earlier comments, the bigger areas where we increased reserves in the quarter were really around some of the business that are hit a little harder. So particularly apparel as well as in some of our businesses like the graphics business within LGM and some of our customers there. And overall, our collections generally and as we look at April, our general collections have largely been in line with what we would have expected. But as I said, theres a couple of pockets here and that some of those business that are hit deeper as well as some of the areas where weve seen complete industry closures, as I mentioned, for the last four or five weeks in South Asia, Central America, for instance. So those are areas that weve built up some reserves. From a converter perspective, we havent seen much or havent anticipated as much of a challenge from converters. Generally on converters are in better shape overall, so we havent seen many issues or anticipate many issues on that front at this stage.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, thats very helpful. And then regarding the decision to pause repurchases, understand that thats prudent, but given youre expecting to generate over 500 million in free cash flow this year, youre below your average target. You dont have any maturities until 2023. Just what would you need to see from a demand perspective or kind of in the broader economy or in the market to maybe revisit that decision?
Mitch Butier : Yes, so Anthony as far as what would we need to see, for me the biggest thing is just show a stability and footing as far as what the markets  and Im talking about our end markets that we sell to and that would be the first thing. This is not a normal recession if there is such a thing, but it is not being triggered by any types of normal activity. This is being triggered by a pandemic. And so out of being cautious, we have slowed that down. For us, we have done our scenario planning. Its been a strength of ours over time. And for us our bias is to lean forward when others pull back and we were prepared and preparing for recession to do just that on multiple fronts. This is obviously unfolding in a way that none of us could have foreseen. So we are out of caution suspending that. Weve maintained the dividend. Were committed to that and were going to continue to look for opportunities and would wait for a little bit more stronger footing on what  how things are going to unfold across the world.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBank Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Adam Josephson: Good morning, everyone. Hope you and your families are healthy.
Greg Lovins: Thank you.
Mitch Butier : Thank you. Same for you, Adam.
Adam Josephson: Thanks, Mitch. By the way, this presentation is terrific. Thank you for putting all these details in it. On Slide 6 where you talk about your RFID pipeline being up north of 20% since the beginning of the year but that youve had some trials delayed. Can you just talk about how you think this situation will affect retailers, airlines, other RFID customers ability and willingness for that matter to trial and adopt this technology? Im just wondering if perhaps some of them are in such dire financial straits that theyre just not going to be able or willing to incur that costs.
Mitch Butier : Sure, Adam. So, Ill take that. So the thanks goes to Cindy for the fine investor materials, so thank you Cindy. The pipeline is up more than 20% as you highlighted since the beginning of the year and 60% from where it was last year. However, that traction is in logistics, food and beauty. As far as  and theres obviously been a good amount, theres a 17% increase in movement in the apparel category into rollout or full adoption as well within the pipeline. So pretty good movement overall, continue building momentum. Now most of that activity was obviously before the pandemic hit across the globe. So what we are seeing right now is some of the pilots  so first of all, anything that was in adopting or right on the cusp of adopting continued to move forward. So those are where people have already done the work and everything else and thats all moving forward. Were not seeing any hesitation there. As far as trials, we have seen a slowdown in some trials as youd expect within food. If youre working through to support a quick service restaurant and now the restaurants are closed or only doing drive-thru, then obviously some of those are being delayed. In our conversations with customers, they are overall seeing the need for greater automation and need for greater technology which RFID is a key factor. Thats in areas of food, in areas of logistics. Were seeing a huge ramp up within the logistics, if you think about the volume of packaging going through e-commerce and thats likely to only increase. So overall the discussions with our customers mix just depending on some trials being put on hold just because theres not the ability to run the trial. In the example I shared where the restaurant or the retail stores might actually be closed, one. Two, companies needing to take just a quick pause to manage through the crisis, but were seeing other customers saying  whove been talking with us now saying its paramount that we adopt this technology and they want to accelerate how they adopt it. So overall, our conversations give us  continue to reinforce the confidence we have in this business, this product, RFID, the building out of the intelligent labels platform as we get to a more digitized world.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Just one on margins, if I may. Given the short-term measures that youre implementing and the expanded restructuring program that you talked about, Im just trying to get a sense of what you think your margin sensitivity will be this year to significant sales and volume declines. I ask because your margins  youve done a phenomenal job of expanding margins over the past 30-some-odd quarters there in their all-time highs now, and Im just wondering what your incrementals are just in light of these restructuring programs, the other short-term measures, et cetera?
Greg Lovins: Yes, Adam, thanks for the question. I think given that some of the areas that were seeing more of a challenge if we think about within RBIS as well as graphics or in some of our higher value areas that are typically higher variable margins, were looking at I guess decremental margins I would say around 30% range inclusive of the actions that were taking this year. So I think that if we see a recession similar to the level of decline we saw in the last recession, well be targeting to try to maintain our EBITDA margins this year and well continue of course if it goes deeper than that to look for other cost reduction opportunities. But thats how weve been thinking about it generally.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Spector with UBS Securities. Please proceed.
Joshua Spector: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just a question on LGM and your guidance around the growth there. You made the comment that you expect LPM to perform better, but looking  kind of triangulating on where your guidance is, you might have LGM down around 10% organic for the June quarter which is pretty similar to the last recession performance. So just curious about the dynamic and the divergence between LPM in that segment and specialty and graphics?
Mitch Butier : Yes, so actually we  as I said right now in April, were down about 18% in total with the biggest declines in RBIS which I mentioned were down about 50%. And thats pretty similar for our graphics business, also down around 50% for graphics within LGM. At the same time, we continue to see strength in our label category. So our label business is up mid- to high-single digits in the month of April still. So we continue to see strong performance in our label business. Within LGM as a whole, its down a little bit in the month of April given the sharper decline in the graphics business but continue to see strength in labels offsetting most of that decline within LGM.
Joshua Spector: And do you think that label strength continues after you work through the backlog or is it mostly the backlog benefit that were seeing over the next few weeks to a month?
Mitch Butier : Yes, so we continue to feel like in this quarter well continue to have good volumes as we work through that backlog, but we also just see increased consumption driving part of this as well as people are eating from home more. Theyre obviously using more packaged goods that requiring more use of labels in that I think is not just a surge or pantry hoarding that type of thing, its also just increased consumption of label material. So we would expect it to come down a little bit from the pace that its been particularly in North America and Europe in March and April up 10% or more than 10% on the label side, wed expect that to come back down a little bit as we move through the quarter, but right now largely expecting the label business to stay relatively strong and stable as we move through this.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neel Kumar with Morgan Stanley Investment Research. Please proceed.
Neel Kumar: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. You mentioned still expecting to deliver 2021 EPS and free cash flow greater than 2019 levels. Can you just talk about what level conviction you have in that based on your scenario planning and the range of outcomes? Itd just be helpful to get a sense of different puts and takes and perhaps any incremental levers at your disposal in meeting those targets? Thanks.
Mitch Butier : So overall, the level of  this is around scenario planning. So if the downturn looks similar to what we saw in the last recession, thats what tells us we would expect to be able to recover that in 2021. So thats whats in that assumption. Now clearly its paying out where theres a bigger impact in the first quarter of this recession thats unfolding right now. But if you look at the economic activity overall and our growth relative to economic output over a two-year cycle, it follows what we saw in the last recession, wed expect to be back in 2021. And this is just really reinforcing the point about how our top line has performed across cycles. We have what we traditionally call the post recession bounce. Part of that was and historically because of restocking of inventories and so forth where we saw destocking early on. Were not seeing that so much in LGM. But just given where overall end demand is in our outlook, it could follow that general pattern, wed expect to be north of 2019 levels again for both earnings as well as free cash flow, as I laid out.
Neel Kumar: Great, thats helpful. And then within LGM, you talked about continuing to see a demand surge in Europe and North America in March and April, but a decline in South Asia because of the lockdowns. Whats causing the differential in terms of consumer behavior? Is there just less pantry loading activity from those customers and perhaps just a difference in terms of e-commerce impact?
Greg Lovins: Id say the challenge in South Asia has really been to the extended shutdown. So, for instance, in India, most of the month of April out factories in much of the factories we serve have been shut down. So its just a longer shutdown in some of these countries versus what weve seen in North America and Europe and how thats playing out across the different countries.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. I do have a question about the first quarter. The margins in LGM were pretty terrific in that, I think your operating profits were up, I dont know, 27 million on flat sales. How did you do that or if you had to look at the 27 million like where did it come from? And is there a very positive price, raw material variance that continues?
Greg Lovins: Yes, so we did have strong margins as you said really driven by again the strong volumes that we had on the label side and we didnt really start to see the slowdown on some of the businesses, like graphics, until the very end of the first quarter thats now moved through the second quarter. At the same time, as you said, we have seen I would say some low single digits sequential deflation as we move from Q4 to Q1 and some low single digits price changes weve moved across the last few quarters as well. But overall, a net benefit between pricing deflation as well as still year-over-year as well as sequentially in addition to the strong volumes that weve talked about already in the label side.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: For my follow up on your RFID revenues, how much of revenues come from ongoing customers and how much of revenues tend to come from new business that you book each year? So in other words, how much is the business dragged down by the poor retail environment and how much is it boosted by the new business that youre picking up this year or that you pick up in any year?
Greg Lovins: Yes, Jeff, I think I know what youre  so I wouldnt characterize as how much new customers versus existing customers. Its more of new programs or adoptions, because a lot of  particularly in apparel, its adoptions of RFID for existing customers. So the way to look at it, the vast majority is the growth that weve seen where weve seen 15% -- that we target 15% to 20% plus over time is from new adoptions and new rollouts. So that is the growth  the way to think about it, its from new program rollouts. So the majority of the business is 90% of the legacy RFID business of the company and then with Smartrac 75% of the combined businesses are in apparel. And so a good chunk of that obviously is going to be linked. So as you look at Q2, obviously given that the majority of that is existing program rollouts and so forth, it will clearly be impacted by the downturn in apparel.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
John McNulty: Thanks for taking my question. Again, maybe back to the raw material front. I guess, how are you thinking about the kind of relief that you may get as the year progresses? And do you expect to give the bulk of it back on the pricing side or can you retain it, just given that you have seen such strong demand in at least part of the markets that are going to be benefiting from the raw material declines?
Mitch Butier : So our focus  its all a question about where the commodity prices go. And were largely linked also to specialty categories which are linked as much to capacity upstream from us as it is to actually just underlying commodity costs. So we did see some deflation sequentially here. We came off of a pretty big inflationary cycle, as you remember a year or so ago. And so these things will move near term. Right now our focus is on getting the surge demand out and our ability to continue to have industry leading quality and service through this cycle is what were focused on right now. One thing  a big part of the margin expansion within this business was what we invested in around the restructuring particularly in Europe. Q1 of last year, the margins that we had actually had lower than average margins within Europe and lower than they historically had been, because if you recall we had some transition costs there. And so those transition costs being pulled out going into the restructuring and now we have the savings of the restructuring baked in, that was a key driver of the expansion as well. So overall if you look at just the impact of mix and deflation in price thats already baked in, thats definitely been a benefit but a lot of it is cycling off where we were a year ago and you go to count in the restructuring as well. So not answering your question directly, we dont have pass through contracts and so forth. This is a competitive industry. Our focus is really right now on making sure that the essential categories get the quality and service levels that they need as we work through the crisis.
John McNulty: Got it, fair enough. And then maybe just a question on the RBIS front. As the factories come on, they may come on a little bit faster than actual retail consumption picks up at least at the onsite or brick and mortar retail side. Can you remind us, in terms of the average, if there is such a thing, piece of apparel, how should we compare the value of tags on a piece of apparel thats sitting in a brick and mortar store versus the value that you would get on an e-commerce driven sale? Like is there a way to think about that, just that we can think about how quickly the business comes back on as some of these factories come up?
Mitch Butier : Yes, so I think your question is whats the value of our solutions on a garment thats going through e-commerce versus a garment thats in retail. Is that right?
John McNulty: Exactly, thats right.
Mitch Butier : Equivalent. The real thing here is its mostly omni-channel and so they dont have separate supply chains for garments that will be sold just through the Internet versus apparel garments that are going to be sold via retail. So there are warehouses and theyve got the retail stores, but virtually when you buy online the objective is that every garment is basically a part of the virtual warehouse that they can pull from when you order on the Internet. So theres not a real difference between the two. It really just reinforces the desire for better visibility, because when you implement RFID you can reduce your safety stocks, shorter lead times because it accelerates the velocity of the supply chain. So we really see  again in the discussions were having with our customers and just  of clear view on this business is that we see this as being a huge opportunity to help retailers and brands manage through this challenging environment to come out even healthier and more successful at the end.
Greg Lovins: I think one additional point to add to that I think as we see retailers  as things start to open back up moving to more buying online and picking up in store, to be able to do that you really have to have strong accurate inventory and thats where really RFID continues to come in play as well. So we feel good about being able to continue to drive RFID, the more moves through these omni-channel type of avenues.
Operator: Our next question is from Paretosh Misra with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Paretosh Misra: Thank you. In your RFID business, whats the biggest category or categories after apparel? And is the pricing for those tags similar to apparel or is it higher or lower?
Mitch Butier : Sorry. Greg was waving me on the screen. So yes, as far as the biggest categories after that, if you look like logistics and food, those will be some larger categories. I think you got to think about it both in terms of what are the end markets and then also the channel. So from end markets, apparel and retail are the largest categories, 75% combined with Smartrac. So thats one angle. And then followed by, like I said, food and industrial and so forth. With Smartrac, we picked up a decent size industrial business which includes automotive tags. And then from a channel access, we are going to market directly to end customers through RBIS, so whether that be retailers or restaurants or actual logistic companies. And then as Greg said, some of the revenue of Smartrac and pre legacy Avery Dennison was going through LGM and thats more through converters, where the converters will convert the tags. So thats the overall mix that we have. As far as pricing, there are some highly specialized tags both legacy Avery Dennison and Smartrac that are very high price points but theyre low volumes. And so I would say that Avery Dennison legacy RFID business was focused more on the higher volume opportunities with lower price point, but high returns and Smartrac had more of a mix where half their business was in apparel and more of the volume focus and the other half was lower volume, higher price point items. So theres not a single answer to that question overall.
Paretosh Misra: Got it. And then just for RFID and from your customers' viewpoint, what is the ROI? And was that ROI the highest for the apparel customer or how would you quantify it I guess?
Mitch Butier : ROI from the customers perspective I think is your question, so the ROI we dont share what the customers share with us and what we see, but its a very strong return and the payback is very quick within a year once adopted. So this is  its why you see the adoption happening across the full spectrum of types of retailers and brands.
Cindy Guenther: I think his question was across different end markets. Is the ROI higher for our customers across the different end markets?
Mitch Butier : The ROI is sufficiently high for a return for every customer that weve interacted with.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed.
George Staphos: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the follow on. I want to come back to apparel, Mitch. So ultimately youre expecting a snapback when we come out of recession and history says that we should see that. When we look though at the apparel business and how this recession that were in and the pandemic may affect apparel consumption and usage, what are you baking in; kind of a return to normal consumption or a change in mix or perhaps less consumption? What are you baking in right now?
Mitch Butier : Yes, weve got a range of scenarios. So obviously the near term, what were talking about Q2 and so forth is just about apparel starting to ramp up a little bit later in the quarter but not ramping up to a high degree. So when you say bake in, if you think beyond that, I think youre asking more of a longer term secular trend question. Weve got a range of scenarios. So for each of the businesses weve traditionally used scenarios. We are very focused on what are the trends macros that are happening and what are the various disruptions and how do we basically be part of that disruption to help  that were focusing on investing in and intelligent labels is one where we are investing heavily. We see it as a disruptive technology. Weve also been talking about investing in sustainability. Thats an area where weve seen opportunity to lead. And so specifically on this what would be the impact, our assessment  if you recall, our assumptions around apparel growth in general, we were more conservative about what we thought apparel industrys growth would be than a lot of the  than the apparel industry itself assumed over the long run. We think that continued focus around speed and velocity of supply chains will continue to reinforce our value proposition and thats what weve been looking to further investing and harden [ph], particularly with RFID but also in external embellishments where were getting more into the ability for late stage differentiation and personalization. So weve got a range of scenarios. When you say baked in, weve got a range of scenarios and plan accordingly to adjust to those range of scenarios. But I would say our plans and what weve communicated over the long term, our assumption on the end market were more conservative than what the actual apparel industry was using at the time for that. So I know its not a direct answer to your question, George. Its a range. Yes, go ahead.
George Staphos: Yes, I was going to say  if you had visibility into it, you might not, are your customers assuming its a back to normal whenever we reach normal in terms of the demand curve or they dont know or they assume a steeper increase in consumption or for whatever reason a lower rate of consumption on apparel again if were maybe working less from the office and more from home, thats kind of where I was going with the question.
Mitch Butier : Yes. Were not hearing a lot of hypothesis about the big shift about the macro trends other than using some of these hypotheses out there. If you remember the last recession, there was a lot of new things about various things that were going to change on the macro. There were no longer going to be large trucks or SUVs in the U.S. and so forth. And that all changed pretty quickly. So I would think overall, fashion is something that people use for their own way to identify and from a personalization standpoint. That trend of personalization has been a long going trend and I think will continue and I think fashions a key element of it. You read a lot about even on Zooms, people trying to stand out and show their personality a bit through what theyre wearing. So yes, its mostly from the top up but I think those trends will continue to be reinforced. So were not hearing any of our customers talking about a real shift here. I think the bigger question is really just  and this is retailer by retailer, brand by brand what is their strengths and ability to kind of manage through the challenging situation so they can come out stronger on the other side and thats really where their area of focus is right now. Theyre not thinking what will the market look like in three years? Theyre really focused on the here and now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Josephson with KeyBank Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Adam Josephson: Thanks for taking my follow up. Mitch, just one on sustainability if you dont mind. It was a huge buzzword over the past year or so and a big focus among packaging companies. Im just wondering if you could just recap what your customers had been telling you pre-COVID about sustainability and the extent to which it was affecting their choice of packaging formats and how that conversation has changed, if there is any conversation in this COVID environment were in.
Mitch Butier : Yes, so overall there were  the discussions before the COVID crisis were really around just the need to be for businesses to be more sustainable and reduce our environmental footprint and thats something that we have been a leader on. Weve embarked on our sustainability program broadly back in 2015, and since then weve been reducing the environmental impact of our business 30% reduction in greenhouse gas and thats not relative, thats on an absolute basis despite the growth of more sustainability sourcing materials. And then it shifted more recently, which I think youre referring to, Adam, is towards packaging in general and getting more sustainable packaging. We had a number of discussions with them about using our innovation leadership to be able to make sure that were meeting their needs. I would say that there was a lot of different areas of focus and messaging about what that means and how that they would accomplish that and the various packaging forms, whether it be paper or plastic or glass, aluminum. So a lot of activity overall. We continue to see opportunities to lead in that category. That said, this has  those are not the areas of focus right now that were seeing. I think everybody sees it as strategically important long term, but that is not whats being focused on. I think even with whats happening, I think the value of even plastic around hygiene and smaller packaging and so forth seems to be more from a consumer level, something thats obviously valued. And I think one of the key values around packaging isnt just branding and imaging but its also to make sure products are sanitary and safe and thats I think going to reinforce the value of packaging overall as we continue to think through how to do it more sustainably as an industry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks. What do you expect the price pattern to be in LGM through the course of 2020? Do you think prices will sequentially go up or down or you cant tell?
Mitch Butier: We dont have long-term pricing contracts, Jeff. So we dont  contracts like that, we dont have pass-throughs and so forth. So we basically manage through this situation and its a product by product, customer by customer evaluation about where the price points need to be. So we dont have an outlook for that, Jeff. And thats why we often talk about it on a net basis relative to deflation and mix and everything else.
Cindy Guenther: Well take one last question.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed.
George Staphos: Hi, guys. Thanks for the time and the follow up. So last one for me; one, where do you think more of the cost savings will be focused when were looking at this 2021 and beyond? Is it more in LGM or more in RBIS obviously given the volume effect? And what proportion of the temporary saves that you called out could in fact become permanent savings? I know Avery is really good at productivity and you dont learn productivity, so perhaps some of these temporary savings become permanent, how much would you say might be? Thank you. Good luck in the quarter and thanks for all the details.
Greg Lovins: Yes, George, more of the higher proportion of the cost saving initiatives are happening in the businesses are seeing the biggest declines. So where weve been seeing the biggest issues in RBIS and graphics, in the automotive areas within IHM, these are the areas that well see a larger portion of the cost reduction initiatives managing through that volume environment that we have there. From an overall perspective and well continue of course to always looking for new options for productivity and we always continue to find new ways to drive productivity and thats been a strength of ours over many years. So some of these temporary costs, however, will come back. Will they come back at the same level of travel and things as they historically would be? I dont know yet and how long that will last. But well obviously continue to drive for productivity. Thats a key strength of the company and something well continue to do as we move through the next phase here.
Operator: Mr. Butier, there are no further questions at this time.
Mitch Butier: Okay, great. Well, thank you everybody for joining us today. These are clearly challenging times. Extremely pleased and thankful to our team for again the agility and the dedication theyve been demonstrating and continuing to keep each other safe and serving our customers in this critical time. And I think the message worth relaying here is while these will be more challenging times, we are well positioned for it. Our business is resilient and were focused on continuing to deliver for long-term success for all of our stakeholders. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-29 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-answer-session. [Operator Instructions] Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter ended December 28th, 2019. This call is being recorded. And will be available for replay from Noon Pacific time today through midnight Pacific time, February 1st. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21930677. I now like to turn the conference over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennison, Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance. Please go ahead, madam. 
Cindy Guenther: Thank you, Jennifer. Today we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited fourth quarter and full year results. Please note that throughout today's discussion we'll be making references, non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP, on schedules A-4 to A-8 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release and the appendix of our supplemental presentation materials.  We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. Before looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release.  On the call today are Mitch Butier, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  I'll turn it over to Mitch. 
Mitch Butier: I'm pleased to report another year of strong adjusted earnings growth with EPS of 9% or 15% on a constant currency basis, despite lower than usual organic growth of 2% due to challenging market conditions.  As you know, our focus in the slower top-line growth environment is on protecting your margins in the base business while driving faster than average growth in high value categories like RFID. We are executing well on both fronts while investing to drive future growth and further strengthen our competitive position.  We are largely on track to achieve our long term financial targets that we communicated three years ago. Greg will walk you through the scorecard in a moment. Our consistent performance reflects the resilience of our industry leading market positions, the strategic foundations we've laid and our agile and talents and workforce.  Our mission is to create value for all of our stakeholders through innovation, operational excellence, and highly disciplined capital allocation. These fundamentals drive the successful execution of our core strategies in particular achieving outside growth in high value categories, driving profitable growth in our base business and detaining how ambitious 2025 sustainability goals. In 2019 we made good progress on all of our strategic priorities.  High value categories in the emerging markets remain our two key catalysts for GDP plus growth across our entire portfolio with over half of our total sales linked to one or both of these. In 2019 high value categories and the emerging markets again grew faster than the average. High value categories are up mid-single digits with RFID alone contributing nearly a full point to total company sales growth.  Our base business declined modestly. We -- LGM market share that we see is at the tail end of the last inflationary cycle that we discussed previously. Importantly LGM volume turned improved in the back half of the year as we recovered that share, we expect this volume improvement trend to continue into 2020.  Our continued focus on operational excellence, which has long fueled our industry leading service and quality was again a key enabler of significant productivity gains. The combination of product reengineering, restructuring and the deployment of lean operating principles enabled us to again, expand margins further, enhance our competitiveness and continue providing a funding source for reinvestment.  Equally important, we continue to make solid progress towards our 2025 sustainability goals. You'll be able to read more about this in our new integrated Annual Report that will come out in March.  Just a few highlights. As of year-end 2019 we'd reduce our greenhouse gas emissions by more than 30% since 2015 over 85% of our paper is now certified to be sustainably source. Close to 95% of our operations are landfill free and we further improved our already top-notch employee engagement scores. Now looking at how our strategy is played out in each of our segments. Label and graphic materials delivered modest organic growth under challenging market conditions. The base business was flat overall for the year, which as I mentioned, reflect that share loss that we largely recovered by year end.  High value categories once again, grew faster than the base. I'll be at a slower pace than we're used to do the softer and market demand. Likewise, emerging markets also grew faster than average though slower than usual with strength in India in South America offsetting weak demand in North Asia.  At the same time, LGMs adjusted operating margin expanded another 30 basis points to 13.3% and this already high return business as we completed the restructuring of this is European footprint mid-year.  Over the past couple of years, LGM has successfully navigated through a significant inflationary as well as the subsequent transitions in the modestly deflationary cycle that we've been seeing more recently demonstrating the resilience of our business model.  Given our strong leadership position in the industry, we are willing to take some near term share risks through these cycles knowing that our superior product quality, service and cost position will ultimately win out.  So while 2019 proved more challenging, reflecting both market driven headwinds and some missteps on our own part, we are well positioned for profitable growth in 2020 and beyond with excellent returns in this business. Retail branding and information solution sales increased by more than 5% on an organic basis, driven by over 20% growth in high value categories, that is RFID and external embellishments. The apparel business decline, modestly reflecting market demand that was impacted by trade related uncertainty.  While there are signs of potential resolution of this uncertainty, some customers may further rebalance their supply chains.  Our global footprint along with our differentiated pop product and service capabilities gives us a significant competitive advantage to win over the long term as we partner with our customers to support their evolving sourcing strategies.  Enterprise wide RFID products and solutions grew by more than 20% generating roughly $365 million of sales reflecting ongoing penetration of apparel, as well as expansion in relatively new verticals including food, beauty and logistics.  Our total pipeline of customer engagements continues to expand. Compared to this time last year our number of customer engagements from business case to rollout is up 50% driven primarily by categories outside of apparel.  As a leader in ultra high frequency RFID, we are positioned extremely well to capture these opportunities with industry leading innovation and manufacturing capabilities and the best most experienced team in the space. And we continue to build out this platform, increasing our level of investment to drive growth both organically and through acquisitions and external partnerships. To that end, our purchase of Smarttrac's in laid business, which we expect to close late this quarter, represents an excellent strategic fit for us. Combined RFID becomes a more than $500 million business, expected to grow 15% to 20% annually over the long term.  Smarttrac's capabilities complement our existing product offerings and process technologies while expanding our intelligent labels platform to better serve industrial and retail segments. And their global manufacturing footprint likewise, complimentary to our own, strengthens our inlay manufacturing capacity and capabilities.  Turning to profitability, RBIS has adjusted operating margin, expanded another 120 basis points for the year. The team had done a tremendous job transforming RBIS and just simpler, faster and more competitive business over the past four years and we're pleased with the performance we're seeing here.  Shifting now to industrial and healthcare materials. Although sales growth was modest for the segment, we believe we outpaced the market across most categories and importantly we made substantial progress towards our 2021 profitability target, driving 140 basis points of adjusted margin expansion. We've strengthened our management team here and fine tuned our strategies. We remain confident that this segment will deliver significant value over the medium to longer term. On all 2019 was another solid year. As we reflect back on the last few years, we are pleased with how we have leveraged our foundational strengths in operational excellence and innovation to consistently make progress towards our long term goals to deliver GDP plus growth and top quartile returns on capital.  We have driven outsize growth in high value segments, while also growing profitably in our base businesses. We have substantially reduced the environmental impact of our operations while focusing increasingly on the development of innovative or environmentally sending products.  We've continually driven productivity that has enabled us to ramp up our pace of investments in high value segments, particularly RFID, while also expanding margins and importantly, this progress has been made possible by our amazing team that's dedicated to delivering for all of our stakeholders in a dynamic environment, while upholding our longstanding commitments to integrity and excellence.  As we looked at 2020 we are confident we will continue to make progress in our strategic fronts, including the next evolution of our leadership structure and way to productivity initiatives. As you know, we've had a theme over the last few years to move more and more decision making closer to our markets, both to increase speed and lower costs. Along these lines, we are now consolidating our corporate and group functions for LGM and IHM.  In addition to making the leadership structure number , this and other productivity initiatives we've recently launched will yield significant savings through 2021 enabling us to continue to increase our pace of organic investments while also expanding margins.  So once again, we're pleased with the progress we've made to our long term goals over the last few years and in 2019 specifically and we expect to make continued progress in 2020.  That's for guidance. We expect adjusted EPS of $6.90 to $7.15 with our outlook reflecting improved volume growth and continued for activity gains, partially offset by increments on investments and transition costs associated with our next wave of restructuring actions.  I'll now turn the call over to Greg. 
Greg Lovins: Thanks Mitch, and hello everyone. I'll first provide an update on our performance against our long term goals, and then walk you through fourth quarter performance and our outlook for 2020.  Slide 7 of our supplemental presentation materials provides an update on our progress against the five-year targets that we communicated in 2017, and recall that this represents our third set of long term goals after meeting or beating our previous two sets of long term targets.  As you can see, we are largely on track specifically over the past three years, sales growth on a constant currency basis is in line with our target up 5.7% annually. While organic growth was close to 4% just slightly below our target due to the generally slower demand environment in 2019, and reported operating margin hit nearly 11% in 2019 or 11.7% on an adjusted basis, up from roughly 10% in 2016.  And do you largely do that combination of strong top line growth in margin expansion adjusted earnings per share was up 18% annually. Return on total capital adjusting for the distortion related to the termination of our U.S. pension plan came in close to 20% for 2019, well above our 17% target that reflects top core performance relative to capital market peers. And our balance sheet remains strong with our net debt to EBITDA ratio below the low end of our target range.  Our consistent progress towards achieving these long term goals reflects the diversity of our end of markets, our strong competitive advantages and our resilience as an organization to adjust course when needed. Together these give us confidence in our ability to deliver GDP plus growth in top quartile returns on capital over the long term.  Now at the same time that we communicated our financial goals through 2021 we also laid out a five year plan for capital allocation, which you can see on slide eight. We're tracking well against this plan starting with strong cash flow generation and we put a total of $2.4 billion to work over the first three years of this cycle. Allocating that largely in line with our long term plan.  And clearly our current leverage position gives us ample capacity to continue our pace of investments for organic growth and acquisitions while also continuing to return cash to shareholders in a disciplined way.  Now let's focus on the fourth quarter. Overall, financial results were solid with adjusted earnings per share of $1.73 up 14% versus prior year, and about a nickel better than our expectations. We grew sales by 2.1% on an organic basis in currency translation, reduced reported sales growth by 1.9 points in the quarter. Adjusted operating margin increased by 80 basis points to 11.9% and we realized $18 million of restructuring savings net of transition costs in the quarter due in part to LGMs restructuring in Europe.  And our cash generation has been strong as we delivered $512 million of free cash flow for the year up roughly $83 million compared to 2018, and this increase reflects both profit growth and improved working capital efficiency.  The fixed and IQ capital spending, total fixed and IQ capital spinning came in at $257 million in 2019, which was in line with prior year and a bit lighter than we had expected due to the delay of some spending related to project timing at year end.  Utilizing our strong cash flow, we returned $427 million in cash to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and a higher dividend. In line with the average amount of cash distributed to shareholders over the preceding two year period.  So turning to segment results for the quarter label and graphic material sales increased by 1.5% on an organic basis, driven by the net effect of volume and mix partially offset by pricing. LGMs based business and high value categories were both up the low-single digits in Q4. The base business sales trends improved from earlier this year who fucking easier comparisons to the timing of share loss at the end of 2018 in early 2019 as discussed previously.  And high value category growth slowed in the quarter reflecting the decline in graphic sales due to a challenging prior year comparison in North America as well as generally softer and market demand in the quarter.  Stepping back to look at LGMs sales trends through the course of 2019 organic growth has been relatively stable between 1.0% or 1.5% each quarter and the first half though volume and mix represented a net negative with price adding roughly 2.5 points.  On the second half volume and mix were net positive with price becoming a headwind by the fourth quarter. Given the sequential deflation that came through in the third and fourth quarters, we do expect pricing to be a roughly 1.5 point headwind to LGMs organic growth in 2020 with the toughest price comp impacting in here in the first quarter.  Breaking down the LGMs organic growth in the quarter by region, North America declined at a low single digit rate, reflecting what we believe was a relatively flat market along with lower prices. Western Europe grew at a low single digit rate driven by modest market growth and share gain partially offset by pricing.  Emerging markets were up low to mid single digits with relative strength in South Asia, Eastern Europe and South America partially offset by a modest decline in China. And operating margin for the segment was strong up 40 basis points on an adjusted basis to 13.3%, as the benefits of productivity initiatives and the net impact of raw material deflation in pricing were partially offset by unfavorable product mix.  So shifting now to retail branding and information solutions. RBS delivered another quarter of strong top line growth up 5.2% on an organic basis, driven by continued strength and RFID and external embellishments, which are up more than 20% on a combined basis.  Our base business adjusted for the migration of products to higher value RFID solutions was up slightly versus prior year. A modest improvement compared to Q3 and in line with our expectations.  Adjusted operating margin for the segment expanded by 140 basis points to 13.6% that's a benefit from increased volume and productivity were partially offset by higher employee related costs and growth related investments. Turning to the industrial and healthcare material segment, sales declined by 1.1% on an organic basis as a low single digit increase for industrial categories was more than offset by a mid single digit decline in health care. We continue to make solid progress in the margin front in IHM beating our 10% margin goal for the full year for Q4 specifically adjusted operating margin increased by 60 basis points to 10.2% as the benefits of productivity gains in strategic pricing initiatives more than offset higher employee related costs.  So turning now to our outlook for 2020, we anticipate adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $6.90 to $7.15. We've outlined some of the key contributing factors to this guidance. On slide 14 of our supplemental presentation materials.  We estimate that organic sales growth will be approximately 2% to 3% what's the midpoint of that range reflecting the carry over effects of the share we recaptured in LGM partially offset by expected price reductions associated with the deflation that we've been experiencing. Our 2020 fiscal year contains 53 weeks ending on January 2nd, 2021. The extra week which you picked up in the fourth quarter is expected to add about 1.2 reported sales growth with no impact on organic growth. And note that the extra week crosses over the New Year's holiday, so it's expected to be a low volume week with lower than average profitability and we expect it to add an estimated $0.10 benefit to EPS. And we expected the Smartrac's acquisition well at about 1.5 points of growth for the year, assuming the deal closes late this quarter.  Given transition costs and interest expense, we expect the acquisition will be modestly diluted to earnings in 2020 roughly offsetting the benefit of the extra week so the effects of the two will not be equally distributed through the year. At least recent rates currency translation is a 30 basis point headwind to report at sales growth with a headwind in the first half, particularly in the first quarter becoming a slight tailwind in the fourth quarter. And we estimate incremental pre-tax savings from restructuring net of transition costs will contribute between $30 million and $40 million in 2020, and note that a meaningful portion of the savings associated with the restructuring charges taken recently will not be realized until 2021 likely on the order of $30 million.  We expected both the GAAP and adjusted tax rates will be in the mid 20s for the full year with the variability in the GAAP tax rate from quarter-to-quarter as usual. And we anticipate spending $220 million to $230 million on fixed capital and IT projects down from the previous two years as anticipated.  The cash payments associated with our restructuring initiatives are likely to come in around $35 million, roughly $20 million lower than the past year, and we estimate average shares outstanding assuming dilution of roughly 84 million.  Finally, while the Coronavirus situation in China is very fluid and it's early days to assess its full impact. We've factored in up to a nickel headwind to our EPS guidance, reflecting the mandated delays and starting back up following Lunar New Year, it's impacting many regions in China in which we operate. And of course our first priority is ensuring the health and safety of our employees and that's the focus of our team right now.  So in summary, we're pleased with the strategic and financial progress we've made against our long term goals in 2019 and we're committed to delivering exceptional value through our strategies for long term profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation.  Now we'll open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Company. Please proceed with your question. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Ghansham Panjabi: I guess, you know, first off on the two and a half percent core sales growth that you're guiding towards to the mid-point and can you sort of break out that construct further by segments. I know you called out a 1.5% or so price headwind for LGM, but what about volumes for each of the segments and for the Corona buyers impact and the nickel that you have baked in. Will that impact, do you think both segments LGM and RBIS or is it specific to one? 
Greg Lovins: Yeah, it's the first time I saw him on the growth or 2% to 3% as I talked about, includes volume growth a bit higher than that with about a point and a half of price at winning LGM, which is about a point to the full company. So we expect a little more volume growth, particularly in LGM with some of the carryover, uh, share gains that we had in 2019 and then within RBIS, we expect to continue to see strong growth in RFID contributing similar level of growth for the company that we saw in 2019. So I think that's the biggest drivers of growth between LGM and RBIS for the, for the year. We look at the Coronavirus impacts most of what we factored in that nickel is related to the materials businesses since those are generally serving demand is created in China. And that's the biggest impact and that nickel basically is based on about a week starting up later post Chinese New Year within RBIS, the factories there are generally demand in the other regions. So we do foresee some potential delays or shipments from Q1 into Q2 depending on how this plays out over the next couple of months. But the demand we think wouldn't be as effective as it would be in the materials businesses. 
Mitch Butier: Yeah. So just to add it up, obviously a fluid situation, our first priority as Greg noted earlier, is ensuring the safety and health and well being of our teams, and second to ensuring we're supporting our customers as they work to support their overall end market demand as well for this environment.  So pretty good, our guidance considers just one week basically lost sales and lost consumption for the direct, for the consumption in region. Just to shift from Q1, Q2 for a end demand that's service from China to outside of China. 
Ghansham Panjabi: And the confidence meets on the volume improvement is that big time visibility you have on share gains or you send a better macroeconomic backdrop as you unfold. What do you have embedded in there? 
Mitch Butier: We use the big broad economic forecast that you would be looking at as well for 2020, but the specific improved trends is, reflects the current trends we saw in 2019, particularly at LGM if you recall the first half we're coping lower share positions within LGM, within that business then hopefully on the RBIS side, outside of RFID, which we continue to exceed, expect continued a strong growth both there and external embellishments, but we had a negative impacts from the volatility just around the tariff situation and so forth.  So that's, we do expect an improvement overall a lot of it's just copying, uh, some weaker trends that we saw particularly in the first half in LGM. 
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. And then for my second question on RFID, you know, legacy Avery RFID has been growing pretty steadily at, you know, call it 20% or so a year? How does that compare to a Smartrac's in terms of their growth rates? What does it add from a technology standpoint to Avery? which particular end markets are you getting incremental exposure to I think you'd call that industrial and some retail -- So it just more clarity there. Thanks. 
Greg Lovins : Yeah. So Smartrac's with a leader in developer and manufacturer and RFID inlay. The new technology brings us in areas such as industry, so near field communications as well as a sensor. So around moisture and temperature sensors, sensors and so forth. And a number of new applications I mean they obviously serve the base apparel business like we do, but they also bring a number of new applications such as interactive garments, that provide, you know, enable people for, for example, skin jackets to have real time interaction, um, through social media, using connected and smart appliances, toys. There's a number of various end applications and from an end market perspective increased expansion exposure within retail and then also in the automotive sector as well.  So those are some of the new capabilities and technologies that it brings. And as far as growth, their growth rate is below ours so we've talked about our long term growth objective being 15% to 20% plus organically we've been delivering around 20 of these suggested gunshots.  Now, we're now saying that combined and see we expect to be 15% to 20% reason I grew up with a slower was just, you know, they were growing slower and retail with Avery organically, taking a bit of share each year in the space then to just automotive saw a little bit of a slowdown particularly in 2019 for all the other reasons that we've been talking through.  So very strategic acquisition brings us great capabilities and we're confident and we're going to be able to deliver 15% to 20% growth with the combined entity with margins above the average profile consistent with what we've been delivering so far. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos with BoFA Securities. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: First question I had was on the restructuring, Mitch and Greg, if you could provide a little bit more detail and to the extent possible, I recognize it you can't share everything obviously, but you know, what's involved with the next restructuring Ash? And you mentioned, I think combining some back office or organizational structures between LGM and IHM. What else is involved, you know, down the road, might we see some, you know, further production capacity, uh, melded together or folded in, given the investments that you've made. And what do you say is your actual net benefit from productivity and restructuring asset this year? I know there's some that'll trail into 21 and beyond, but what do you get this year that have transitioned costs? 
Mitch Butier: George I'll answer the first part of the question. Greg can cover the outlook for the savings. So specifically George, I mean again, the next wave of restructuring actions that we've recently unfolding. The biggest single one there and the charging Q4 relates to the consolidation of the functions between IHM, corporate and LGM. So it's exactly what you called out. We see an opportunity to move faster and reduce costs by better integrating and removing that extra functional level, to be able to deploy more of those resources locally, for driving growth. So that's -- that's the largest, areas of restructuring. There's a number of other initiatives and we'll comment on those in due time.
Greg Lovins: I think from the savings perspective, in 2019, we had about $50 million of a restructuring savings net of transition costs in a year. As we said earlier, expect us to be about $30 million to $40 million in 2020. With about $20 million to $25 million of that being carried over from the actions that we did in 2019. The largest part of that carry over, of course, coming in the first half from that European footprint action. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Market -- Global Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: In LGM, it sounds like high value products were really strong for the year, but the graphics and reflectives were down low-single digits in 4Q, I think you talked about a tough comp, but I think you also mentioned demand maybe being a little bit softer. And I was wondering, if you could tease out the impact of those two factors, and kind of any thoughts on what you're seeing in graphics and reflectives in 1Q or what you expect? 
Mitch Butier: So not much of you yet in 1Q, just given the early start to the year, and where we are right now. I think in the fourth quarter, we did have probably an even split between the challenging comps, Particularly in North America from prior year. And a little bit of slowness across the other regions from a graphics perspective. Still last year we grew in the low-to-mid single digit range for graphics overall for the year. So we'd expect to get closer to that level for full year 2020 as well.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on RFID, the Japanese producer that made an announcement about principal ICS that can maybe reduce tag prices to sensor was. And I guess without talking about any particular competitor, do you think principal ICE technology is something that is could potentially be impactful to the RFID business? Is it really something that's new? Just any, just general thoughts about that in RFID? 
Mitch Butier: Yes, that development specifically relatively early stage. But not going to talk too much about the specific development, but overall we're quite close to the developments in the industry. We're a leader in the space and we look at anything that expands the product offering, including lowering the cost, even if it's gotten more reduced the storage capacity as being good for the industry and good for us. It's something we're -- we're close to and following. But I can't give too many specifics, but there's a number of developments going on just like we're developing within our pragmatic venture investment that we have, another route to low costs basically circuitry, if you will, integrated circuit. So yes, we're close to it. We think it could be exciting for the overall industry and exciting for us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John McNulty: Thanks for taking my question. So with regard to the deflationary environment, do you expect to give all raw material benefits that you're -- that you should be seeing back and forth -- in the form of price? Or do you get to keep or capture some of it at this point? I guess how should we be thinking about that as we look at 2020? 
Greg Lovins: I think from a 2020 perspective, right now, we're expecting pricing, raw material input costs to be relatively neutral year-over-year. So as we went through the back half of 2019, we saw sequential deflation start to pick up in Q3 a little bit -- a little bit more than in Q4. Really largely centered around paper coming down in the back half of the year. As you know, typically when we have price upper, price down as a quarter or so lags, we probably kept a little bit of that in the back half of last year. And then we'll pass that through more into the -- as we entered 2020. And I'd expect 2020 to be closer to neutral from a price and raw material and for cost perspective.
Mitch Butier: And just to build on that, we don't think of it as passing through necessarily and so forth. It's basically each of the, we're talking to the average and every single region, every single product category is different. So it depends on where the inflation's happening as far as across the spectrum between our base and higher value segments. As well as whether it's paper or more chemical based. And right now it's more paper based, which all of us in all of our competitors tend to be equally exposed to from a commodity standpoint. So, it varies. We're going to continue to manage it, I think, as I've commented on to do it successfully through the last inflationary cycle. And now we're in a monastery deflationary. Our guidance assumes that -- that, it's, as Greg said, belts see net neutral. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBank Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Michael O'Brian: It's actually Michael O'Brian thrown in for Adam. Thanks for taking my question. Just one on IHM quickly. Obviously a nice margin expansion this year. Can you talk about sort of what your outlook is for 2020? And how far you think you can take that?
Greg Lovins : So our expectations on IHM as you said, we had a margins up well over point in 2019. And we had said, when we're sitting here a year ago, we were targeting 10% margins in LGM 19 delivered a little bit better than that. Our expectation in 2020 is to continue improving our margins and we're targeting 11% or better in 2020. On the path towards, our long term target of 12.5% are high or so.  We're continuing to improve or expect to continue improving 2020, and then further improvement again in 2021.
Michael O'Brian: And then just back to input cost for a second, you mentioned paper has been deflationary, probably the biggest. Can you -- can you just give us a sense of how a deflationary it's been just on a percentage basis?
Mitch Butier: Yes. I think, you know for the full year '19 we still had net inflation year-over-year started to see that deflation in the back half, I would say kind of in the low -- low-to-mid single digit range from percentage perspective. What we're expecting in 2020 is kind of low-single digit deflation consistent with what we talked about before about a point and a half or so a price down as well in 2020.
Greg Lovins : And much of that carryover.
Mitch Butier: Exactly.
Greg Lovins : On both fronts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas with JP Morgan Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Is smart tracks profitable business or can you talk about its profit characteristics in rough terms?
Mitch Butier: So overall, I mean, I'll just talk about the business and jumps. We talked about EPS. We expected to be a hit in 2020. Our group related to integration costs and everything else that goes along with the first year of acquisition. Next year, we already expect the EBITDA margin, their EBITDA margins now are above our company average, there'll be above the company average.  Again next year, just like our RFID business, and we expect to be commensurate with our RFID businesses EBITDA margins in 2022. So that's where their profitability is now, and we'd expected to be comparable to our existing RFID business in a couple of years time.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay, great. And in terms of raw material costs year-over-year in the fourth quarter, where they got about $10 million roughly.
Greg Lovins: Yes. So in Q4 we were down, as I said a minute ago, kind of low-to-mid single digit percentage from a deflation perspective. Particularly in -- largely in LGM because that's obviously where we use the primary amount of our -- our paper. So I tend for instance, doesn't use as much paper as a percentage of its materials.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paretosh Misra with Berenberg Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paretosh Misra: Thanks for taking the question. For some of the RFIDs side, is there any interest to grow, any other technological capability in that business? For example, maybe scanners or sensors or maybe more printers or maybe even some software.
Mitch Butier: So we overall, we refer to it as a building out leveraging RFID to build out our intelligent labels platform. And one of the reasons for the shift in the language is to not limit ourselves to thinking just about the -- at the time UHF RFID Inlay technology. So, yes, we are looking broadly beyond the specific technologies that we've, from a legacy standpoint had. We already are in the printers business. So we do manufacture, printer RFID enabled printers. We have -- we are investing more and more in the information solutions capabilities, which information solutions is a key aspect of RBS is core business, as far as managing data between the retailers and brands and they -- they're globally outsourced apparel manufacturers so building on that. And as I mentioned earlier, smart track actually does bring some sensor technology with it as well. So, we're looking primarily around technologies that linked the physical to the virtual worlds and enable the internet of things. So, have we focused around the Inlay's capability and looking at other -- other capabilities on the periphery to invest in to enable further growth?
Paretosh Misra: And then on the -- in the LGM based business, if you could maybe just talk about the outside the inflation deflation, but just the supply demand benefits you're seeing. And, when do you think you might be an environment where you might be able to raise prices? 
Mitch Butier: Sorry, if you're questioning about what the supply demand environment is. I think we've talked about that overall, but what were our outlook is going into 2020 on growth overall, the volume trends had been improving. And the second half of '19 respects to continue improve in the 2020. And from a pricing standpoint, we're very disciplined. Look at ourselves being the market leader, not just doing what's right for our business but the industry. And when I talked through managing successfully through the inflationary cycle, raising prices, multiple times to move ourselves, to where we wanted the business to be and adjusting courses, we started to get in the deflationary cycle. So, our pricing actions, we talked about our broad based here, but it's very specific targeted customer, right customer for a product by product. And so that's where the informs are decisions around pricing both up and down. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neel Kumar with Morgan Stanley Investments. Please proceed with your question.
Neel Kumar: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just talk about your cadence of volumes through the fourth quarter. And we'll level lead been so far in January?
Greg Lovins : Sure. So again, as we talked about a little bit earlier, our volumes particularly in LGM were a little bit stronger in Q4, and they had been earlier in the year. So in LGM, the first half as we said volume and mix was a net and down year-over-year in Q4 we started, or the back half we started seeing improvement in volumes, including in the fourth quarter. As we picked up some net share gains as we've talked about already. Overall the reading Q4 is difficult month-to-month because of the timing of holiday shifts, thanksgiving, Christmas moving a little bit earlier, every -- every period. So, the overall trend macro that Greg laid out is the right one to focus on. As we go into January, January is also very difficult to read and to all of these Asia because of Lunar new year is relatively meaningless as far as the trends outside of that. What we're seeing in January is consistent with the revenue guidance that we're giving. With looks like, again, we're on timing of holidays and so forth. There might've been a little bit of deferrals, some shipments in North America from Q4 and Q1, a little bit maybe if more shipments that we expect in Europe in Q4 versus Q1. So they basically balance out in total.
Greg Lovins: And when you look at organic growth in the first quarter that will be our largest price headwind year-over-year. So that has an impact on the quarter certainly compared to the full year impact on price.
Neel Kumar: And then you mentioned that 2019 CapEx was a dead light or due to the delays in spending. But then your 2020 capital spend guidance is still coming down about $30 million to $35 million. Do you talk about what's driving that? And is it 2020 CapEx a decent one way to think about going forward? 
Mitch Butier: Well, we have our long term. We laid out a five year capital allocation plan, which basically had $250 million on the average spend over that period. I know that's a loose average. We've spent a little more than that the last couple of years, and we did say that we would have a bid of higher during those two periods. We've been able to spend a little bit less, partially because of the delay is great, commented on. As well as we've found ways to spend a little bit less on the existing projects that we had at planned. So we -- our five year average that we've laid out is $250 million. It's less than that in 2020 as we've -- as we've walked through. If you pull back from the numbers, we've also discussed, we've gone through a period of recapitalization of our footprint in North America and Europe, which was a key driver of the greater investment in 2018 and '19, and obviously that's now complete. And that's not something that happens all that frequently. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Kapsch: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. So just a follow up on smart track is the way you described the profitability of that business. I'm trying to understand why you're suggesting it would be dilutive. It looks -- I think you said it's more profitable than your RBIS segment or at least consistent with your RFID portion of your segment. And, we know what we paid for it, the annualized sales rates. So just trying to understand are you just not, are you -- you're not excluding your integration costs at one time in nature to describe it as dilutive? It looks like it should be a accretive.
Greg Lovins: Yes, Chris. This is Greg. So the modest negative in 2020, as you said, includes some of our integration project management costs of that integration, as well as some interest costs related to the funding of that acquisition, and then of course related to amortization. So I think earlier Mitch was referring to EBITDA margins, being at or, or above, sorry, our company average and similar to our existing RFID business. Obviously, we haven't closed the deal yet, so we're still working through the exact amortization impacts, but that will have an impact at the EPS perspective. So right now with the integration cost and the incremental interest costs related to expect a modest negative in '20. And then, as Mitch said earlier, a wrestled break even a slightly positive in year two.
Christopher Kapsch: And then, within your LGM segment, you described some of the -- the high growth categories  as sluggish, I think graphics in particular. Can you just elaborate on what may have changed there? The cadence of that business. I think had been, generally a pretty positive or sustain a decent growth trajectory. So just wondering, if there was an inflection in the quarter or anything specific that's contributing to the weakness in that business. Thanks.
Mitch Butier: Chris, is your question about graphics?
Christopher Kapsch: Yes. Graphics specifically.
Mitch Butier: As a Greg talk through the growth that we saw all 2019 specifically in Q4 there were headwinds from around tough comps and so forth. Aside from that though, graphics within LGM, LGM vast majority of their revenue is tied to consumer non-discretionary, graphics a little bit more cyclical even that it's tied to car wraps and other things that can, when a period of uncertainty deterred for a bit. So, generally as you think across cycles, this one's a little bit more cyclical than the rest of labels and graphics materials. Overall though we saw growth for 2019 and specifically within Q4 as you'll see quarter-to-quarter, there's some choppiness. 
Operator: Our next question is come from the line of George Staphos with BoFA Securities.
George Staphos: Two follow-up questions guys. Thanks for taking them. First of all, Mitch, can you talk a little bit further about, how you view the strategy for IHM, and how it's been evolving. A company, I think has been saying for several years now that it's a core business and you view it as analogous to LGM in terms of what you can do to improve margins. Certainly, some of the questions that we get from investors, clients don't necessarily always see it that way. So how do you see the strategy NIH and evolving and with this restructuring, how do you see the management structure changing or not within -- within IHM? That's question number one. Question number two, can you just update us on sustainability trends as a regards? Closing the loop on your products from RFID to LGM label material. Thank you. And good luck in the quarter.
Mitch Butier: It's industrial healthcare material standpoint, just broadly. And this is a year adjacency to labels and graphics materials. It's a pressure sensitive material. You leverage our adhesives capabilities both innovation as well as just the capacities that we have, as well as it's the coding capability. So if you were to look into plants that would look similar to the specialty assets that we have within LGM differences. If they're used for functional materials, they're not printed on. So it's the adjacency is very much from a backend perspective. They are separate markets, so we'll continue to have separate leadership, running these businesses as we do today. So that is overall what the linkage is to LGM and the synergy is what we've been talking about over the last couple of years is pretty more linkage, and on that back end manufacturing, R&D and so forth, as well as the support functions integrating that. So that we can have very focused, dedicated, commercial and general management leveraging that core capability across to attack the markets. And then broadly, those -- these are spaces that have secular tailwind within the market. There's a migration of -- from mechanical fasteners, like nails and screws to tapes and adhesives. And that's something that we see the broad market that we want to continue to invest in. So that's on IHM on sustainability. We've obviously have made tremendous progress in the industry leader on many fronts on this, and we were out early with the drive towards and committing to a set of 20 - 25 goals back in 2015 making great progress on that both on reducing the environmental impact of our operations, as well as the innovative products and solutions. You asked specifically the RFID and LGM. So within RFID, RFID is a great enabler to support our customer sustainability goals, with increased tracking, you can have much greater reduction of waste, whether that be in apparel as well as within food and so forth. So RFID, we see it as a great enabler to reduce waste through the -- through the entire value chain. And from LGM perspective, here we've been focusing constantly, with long standing tradition. We call it a Think Thin, so reducing the material content of our materials. But on top of that, we've really been focusing on more of our R&D efforts around coming out with innovative products that are focused on recyclability. So enabling more efficient recyclability the end package, which includes CleanFlake, and we're focusing next-gen innovations there. As well as, using more recycled content in our actual products. We had some launches at label expo that came out with the first ever recycled PE face material, as well as recycled PET products and so forth. So, we're using our innovation prowess to be able to continue to be the innovation leader for the space in meeting our customer's sustainability goals. 
Operator: Mr. Butier, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to you for any closing remarks.
Mitch Butier: All right, well, thank you everybody for joining us. The fourth quarter kept a very solid year and we're positioned well going in to 2020. Thank you all again for joining us and we look forward to seeing many of you that our Analysts Meeting in May.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this thus does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you kindly disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-23 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter ended September 28, 2019.  During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 12:00 pm Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time October 26th. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 1402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21896770. I'd now like to turn the call over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Cindy Guenther: Thank you, Ash. Today, we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited third quarter results. Please note that, throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on pages A-4 to A-8 attached to the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release and the appendix of our supplemental presentation materials. We remind you that, we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the safe harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, Cindy, and good day, everyone. We delivered solid profit growth in the third quarter despite softer-than-usual market demand with EPS once again up double-digits over prior year on a constant currency basis. Our focus in this slower growth environment has been to protect, even expand our margins in the base business, while driving faster than average growth in high-value categories like RFID. We're executing well on both fronts. We appear to have recaptured most of the share we've recently lost in LGM. Our intelligent labels platform continues to drive over 20% growth from RFID enabled solutions and IHM's commercial execution continues to improve. At the same time, a relentless focus on productivity was again a key driver of margin expansion for the Company this quarter. In sum, we are making good progress against our key strategic priorities and are on track to deliver our long-term financial targets. Label and Graphic Materials posted strong profitability on roughly a point of organic growth for the quarter driven primarily by volume. High value categories again grew faster than the base. As I mentioned, though all the market data isn't in yet for the third quarter, we have good reasons to believe that by the end of the quarter, we had recaptured the bulk of the share we ceded at the tail end of the inflationary cycle. In terms of global market trends, it appears that the soft market conditions that we saw in the first half of the year largely continued into the third quarter with a modest improvement in Europe offset by a moderation of demand in South Asia. Retail Branding and Information Solutions delivered solid organic growth, driven by ongoing strengthened RFID and external embellishments, which more than offset declines in the base apparel business. As we mentioned in July, we thought trade-related uncertainty impacting orders in the second quarter. This is uncertainty was reinforced when additional tariffs were announced in August. Now, while trade related issues are causing near-term uncertainty, we are well positioned in the base business given our global footprint and differentiated product and service capabilities. As for RFID, the growth trajectory continues to be resilient, with continued strength and apparel and even faster growth from other promising verticals, though obviously off of a small base. Our total pipeline with customer engagements continues to expand, up more than 40% from just the beginning of this year, driven primarily by categories outside of apparel. As the leader in ultra high frequency RFID, we are positioned extremely well to capture these opportunities with industry leading innovation and manufacturing capabilities and the best most experienced team in the space. We continue to increase our level of investment in business development and other resources to drive this growth. As we build out our intelligent labels platform to enable a future where every item can have a digital twin and digital life. In Industrial and Healthcare Materials sales growth was relatively strong on an organic basis, due in part to lapping the slowdown in China's automotive market last year. That said, given the high proportion of this segment portfolio that is focused on industrial and markets, I'm pleased with the solid top-line performance the team delivers. And importantly, we made excellent progress in the quarter towards achieving our operating margin target for the business. Ensure another solid quarter overall in the midst of a challenging environment. Our strategies to deliver outsized growth in high value categories are working. And our relentless focus on productivity continues to enable us to increase our pace of investment in these categories, increase our competitiveness overall and grow profitably in our base businesses, while importantly, continuing to protect and expand operating margin. Well, we lowered the hind end of our near-term outlook for top-line growth due to recent market trends and currency shifts caused us to reduce the high end of our EPS guidance for the year. We are confident in our ability to achieve our long-term objectives, including GDP plus growth and top cortile returns. We will continue to seek opportunities to leverage our positions of the strength commercially, operationally and financially and as you've heard me say before, be prepared to lean forward even as others may pull back. Now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Lovins: Thanks and hello, everybody. As Mitch said, we delivered another solid quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $1.66, up 14% despite the currency headwind. We grew sales by 2.1% on an organic basis, and currency translations reduced reported sales growth by two points in the quarter, and our adjusted operating margin increased by a full point to 11.7%. We realized $18 million of restructuring savings net of transition costs in the quarter due in part to LGM's restructuring in Europe that was largely completed as of the end of Q2 and our cash generation has been strong. We've delivered $327 million of free cash flow year-to-date up $67 million compared to the same period last year. As we've discussed, we've increased our pace of fix capital in IT-related spending for a few years to support our long-term organic growth and margin expansion plans. With capital spending expected to be up by about $20 million this year and we continue to return cash to shareholders. In the first three quarters of the year, we repurchase roughly 2 million shares at an aggregate cost of $204 million and paid $141 million in dividends, for a total of $346 million in cash return to shareholders. Importantly, our balance sheet remains strong, with net debt to adjust EBITDA kicking down slightly in the quarter. Our current leverage position gives us ample capacity to continue executing our disciplined capital allocation strategy, including investing in organic growth and acquisitions, while continuing to return to shareholders. We are well positioned to take advantage of any dislocations in the market should they occur over the next few years. Turning to the segment results for the quarter. Label and Graphic Materials sales increased by 1.2% on an organic basis, driven primarily by higher volume, as we've now left, the bulk of last year's price increases. Growth in LGM's high value categories led by specialty labels, continue to outpace the growth of the based business. And breaking down LGM's organic growth in the quarter by region, North America was roughly flat, while Western Europe was up low single-digits. Emerging markets also grew at a low single-digit rate with China up low single-digits in South Asia up mid single-digits. Adjusted operating margin for the segment was strong at 13.5%, up 120 basis points compared to the prior year, reflecting the benefit of productivity initiatives, including restructuring and material reengineering, partially offset by higher employee related costs. The net effect of changes in price and raw materials and freight input costs was neutral for the quarter. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions, RBIS delivered solid top line growth of 4.1% on an organic basis, driven by faster growth and high value categories, with RFID's sales up roughly 28% and external embellishments growing even faster. Our based business adjusted for the migration of products to higher value RFID solutions was down low single-digits. Adjusted operating margin for the segment increased 10 basis points to 11.5%. As productivity gains were largely offset by long-term growth related investments primarily related to RFID. Turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment. Sales are up 3.7% on an organic basis, reflecting both volume growth and higher prices. Sales for industrial categories were up low to mid single digits, driven by solid growth in auto related categories. And healthcare categories grew even faster, up high single digits with medical up in the high teens. We made excellent progress on the margin front in IHM. Adjusted operating margin increased by 180 basis points to 11%. As a benefit from higher volume and productivity more than offset higher employee related costs. The normal seasonality does call for sequential easing in margin for the fourth quarter, I am confident we will exceed the 10% we targeted for IHM for the full year. Focusing now on our outlook for 2019. We've lowered the high end of our guidance range for adjusted earnings per share, reflecting incremental currency translation headwinds, largely offset by stronger operational results in a modestly lower tax rate compared to our previous expectations. We have reduced our outlook for full year organic sales growth to a range of 2.0% to 2.3%, which implies 2% to 3% growth for the fourth quarter. As you know in our short cycle businesses, visibility to demand is very limited and we've seen increased variability in order patterns from month-to-month. So, the lower end of our organic growth outlook assumes a continuation of the 2% we've seen year-to-date including the first few weeks of October. On the high-end reflects the fact that comparison to do easier for us over the balance of the quarter. We've outlined some of the other key contributing factor to our guidance on Slide 9 of over supplemental presentation materials. In particular and just focusing on the material changes from our assumptions in July, at recent exchange rates, currency translation represents a roughly 3.5% headwind to reported sales growth for the year with a pretax operating income hit of $37 million, an incremental $9 million headwind relative to the 28 million we were anticipating in July. Partially offsetting this, we now estimate the incremental pretax savings from restructuring, net of transaction costs will contribute approximately $50 million. As the teams have been executing very well against our plans, we look to deliver at the high-end of our previous expectations. We realized about $35 million of these savings in the first three quarters of the year. And a tax rate should come in slightly lower than our previous outlook, which I assumed 25% at the midpoint of our guidance range. In summary, we delivered another solid quarter in a more challenging environment and we remain on track to deliver on our long-term objectives to achieve GDP plus growth in top quartile return on capital, which together drive sustained growth EVA. And now we will open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Co. Your line is now open.
Ghansham Panjabi: I guess first off on LGM. Maybe you can just give us a little bit more color, Mitch, how volume kind of played out through the course of the quarter? Which regions did you capture share within from a geographic standpoint? What's your sense from customers as it relates to the outlook for 4Q and 2020? Are they kind of managing inventory very tightly? More optimism, less optimism, how would you sort of characterize that dynamic?
Mitch Butier: So, a lot in there, Ghansham. So, specifically with the quarter, basically if you look within July growth started out relatively soft, soften further in August and then came back in September. We're now seeing a bit of moderation as Greg talked about early October again. So, a little bit more of the choppiness that we talk through. In North America, so just from a market perspective, in the markets, we're seeing pretty consistent low single-digit growth between last year and this year. Our growth, of course, was lower than that in the first half of the year because of the share losses, which we since believe we are on the solid path to recapturing. And, in Europe, we saw low to mid single-digit growth last year as you know, in the first-half, really no growth pretty flat environment and we're announcing a little bit of a pickup low single-digit growth in Q3, mostly in Southern Europe are not in North or Central Europe overall. And then in China, we saw low mid-digit last year growth and we saw frightened first-half of this year and started to see some positive growth here in Q3, mid single digits, and South Asia as we called out that's where we saw a shift and its really beyond. So India continue to have strong growth high single-digits and specifically, Malaysia and Thailand where we're seeing some softness which we attribute broadly to softer market conditions and the link between China and U.S. trade matters. So as far as sentiment of the customer, basically the sentiment reflect those market trends overall. So generally, the customer sentiment we've had at Labelexpo recently, it was well attended by customers particularly from Europe, once in Southern Europe and Eastern Europe, sound a little bit more confident about near-term outlook than the ones from Northern and Central Europe specifically. Overall, a lot of excitement though about the innovations, and a lot of interest coming from customers of what we can bring to the table to help to together grow the market.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. And then just my second question, sticking with LGM, looks like prices starting to kind of flatten out year-over-year. That's been pretty consistent with what you said last quarter as well, but just kind of looking at the next few quarters. How would you have us modeled price mix? Do you expect a negative sign in front of that? Or do you think that, that will be essentially flat just it was in 3Q? Thanks so much.
Greg Lovins: This is Greg. So overall, we have seen pretty neutral net price inflation here in the third quarter versus prior year and also relatively neutral sequentially. So, we have seen a little bit of sequential deflation, largely coming from some easing and paper here in the third quarter. At the same time, we have got some pockets of price down as we have seen some sequential deflation over the last couple quarters. But overall, we're looking at kind of price inflation relatively neutral year-over-year in Q3 as well sequentially a little more sequential modest deflation we think in Q4, but not a material impact overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Mitch or Greg, just one question on Greg's comments toward the end of the prepared remarks, you talked about seeing increasing their variability in order patterns from month to month. Just hoping it could clarify what you tribute that to. And then you talked about on the first couple weeks in October being upload to similar to what you had in 3Q. But I think for the quarter, you're thinking anywhere from two to three, I guess because the comps get easier as the quarter goes on. So I'm just hoping I understand those two issues a bit better.
Mitch Butier: Yes, it's quite simply Adam. The volatility we called it out a little bit more for us to choppiness in demand last quarter. We're continuing to see what do we attributed to it's basically just some of the uncertainty that's going on in the environment. If you look at political uncertainty around Brexit impacting Europe, if you look at what's going on in Hong Kong, and then the trade matters tariffs on again, off again, on again. So those are what we attribute in general the more lumpiness or not uncommon and LGM in particular, to have a few weeks of just goes above normal or below normal. But we're just been seeing it more consistent into a somewhat larger degree. And we're talking about still within a relatively tight band. It's not dramatic swings, but we are seeing more choppiness than we've traditionally seen in the LGM, as well as in RBIS. As far as the other part of your question about the, I think Greg explained Q4.
Greg Lovins: So Adam, this is Greg. In Q4 of last year, our strongest volume market was in October and then volume softened quite a bit November and December. So we do a little bit easier comps in the back part of this quarter. Whereas we started Q3 or started Q4, a little bit the lower end of our range for the quarter.
Adam Josephson: Just one on the raw material, I think Ghansham asked about raw materials or price cost specifically said it was flat and you expect similar trends thereafter. Can you talk about what exactly you saw with your paper costs and your chemical costs in 3Q obviously, there's been quite a bit of global paper market weakness and we're just trying to get a sense of precisely how much your paper costs fell either sequentially or year-over-year and what you're saying in terms of paper prices going down?
Greg Lovins: Yes. So, I guess, as we move through this year in the first half of the year, we've seen some benefits in chemicals as we're moving across the quarters. And then paper started to be a benefit for us in Q4 -- sorry in Q3. Overall though, still I think, kind of low-single-digit type of deflation sequentially, very low and total with a little bit heavier and paper. So still not a huge impact, but low-single-digit deflation as we came into Q3 from largely from paper.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: My two questions to start around margin. One question specifically within RBIS and then kind of a broader question on that in terms of cost saves. With RBIS, the incremental margin was quite a bit lower than what we've seen in prior quarters, it's not totally surprising, given the cadence of restructuring and every quarter can be phenomenal. And you also called out the spending on growth with an RBIS. Would it be possible to give a bit more color in terms of what some of those incremental costs might have been in the third quarter or any other sources of deceleration in incremental margin within RBIS to the extent that you can comment?
Greg Lovins: George, this is Greg. So, just as you said, the variable flow through we got from the top-line growth was largely in line with what we would have expected from that. The same time is, as you mentioned, as Mitch mentioned earlier, we have been continuing to invest particularly in RFID, and we had investments in the quarter of a few million dollars versus where we were a year ago. So that offsetting some of that variable flow through. Otherwise, generally in line with what we would have expected at that level.
Mitch Butier: Okay, George. And I think, just overall, just the margins you see for all of our business and in particular, RBIS, the expansions we've been able to achieve are I think even more impressive when you consider how much we've invested, particularly in Intelligent Labels over the past couple of years. So, between last year and this year, we will have added more than $20 million of organic OpEx to this business, really in the business development areas and so forth that we've talked through. And this just reinforces our strategies trying to invest more to accelerate growth in high value categories, and the relentless focus on productivity to both fund those investments as well as expand margins.
George Staphos: Mitch, the $20 million was over what period did you say, the last few years, was there a specific increment there?
Mitch Butier: 18 to 19.
George Staphos: And then, my second question, when we consider the restructuring, I think, you said you had $35 million of savings year-to-date. If I heard that incorrectly, if you can put in the correct number for us. And $50 million is the goal. What -- for this year, what's next? Obviously, Avery always focuses relentlessly, maybe to use your term, on productivity, some of it is driven by the growth initiatives that in turn drive the ability to then restructure once you get the top line growth. Sometimes, it's driven by the investments that you make. Obviously, you've had a new coder come up. What kind of pace on productivity should we expect over the next couple of years within your segments? Would we see a bit more perhaps in one segment versus another? Thanks.
Mitch Butier: So, George, I'm not going to get into specifics of that. Just overall, I think, you've captured it. This is a key strategy of ours; its one of the key four strategic pillars, the relentless focus on productivity. And we see restructuring as one of a number of levers to pull. Our constant focus on material reengineering, lean sigma are key tenants of our strategy, and restructuring, we think of is innovation of our fixed cost structure. So, we will communicate that as we normally do with annual guidance on what we expect for the given year, and as we do these programs and so forth. So that's -- were not going to comment on any specifics now. But, I think, the overall long-term strategy, you should expect that to continue to unfold.
George Staphos: Mitch, the pace should be fairly comparable from what we've seen over the last few years, not calling it dollar by dollar, quarter by quarter, but no reason to expect that to decelerate over time? 
Mitch Butier: Over a couple of year period, yes, individual years can be up or down, as you know. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan Securities Incorporated. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: In your LGM business, I think, you said that your organic growth in North America was flat in the quarter. Can you remind me what the trends were in the first two quarters of the year? And, can you talk about why North America is slow?
Mitch Butier: Yes. The organic growth was flat in the quarter overall. And in the first half, I commented that the market overall been growing low single digits, but we did have the share losses that weve talked through, within that business. And the market comments I'm saying are on volume, in our growth, Im commenting on is organic growth. So we had the positive impacts of pricing and negative impacts from some of the share loss and volume.
Jeff Zekauskas: Right. I mean, it sounds like the North America -- is it fair to say that the North American market is slowing down and the Chinese market is accelerating a little bit sequentially, or you can't tell that as its more
Mitch Butier: We dont have data for Q3 yet, Jeff -- sorry to interrupt. We dont have data yet for Q3 in North America. But if you -- from our own market entail and just what weve seen, it seems fairly consistent, just low single digit growth. So, thats our revenue growth as far as volumes. And in China, China had been on a decelerating trend and then started to bounce back here in Q3. Not decelerating to negative, meaning from upper single digit growth for couple of years ago to mid single digit growth to low single digit growth and now -- and then, flat in the first half of the year and now we're starting to see a rebound here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Spector with UBS Securities LLC. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Joshua Spector: Just a question on IHM. So, its rare weve been hearing about industrials growth broadly. And you guys printed a pretty good quarter. Just wondering how much of that is an easing comp versus tough comp last year versus real growth in some of those markets. 
Greg Lovins: Yes. Thanks. This is Greg. So, overall, I think we -- as you said, we feel good about our performance against the generally weaker industrial backdrop. There is a few areas where in addition to the fact that last year certainly from a comp perspective was when we really started to the China auto market slow. So, that was a year-over-year benefit. But, in addition to that, our medical business, as youve heard us talk about over the last -- really its fourth straight quarter I guess where weve had growth in the high teens in our medical business. So, that business continues to perform very well and has certainly been taking some share in some target applications. Well start to lap some of that high teens growth here as we go into the fourth quarter, but feel very good about how that business performed over the last year. And at the same time, on industrial for us, this is really an application by application based business. And here, we also feel like we want some share and some target applications in areas such as building construction tapes in North America as an example is an area we continue to grow very well in. And so, its a little bit easier comps in automotive, but still, automotive market as a whole this year or in Q3 was still down, auto production globally, and we did grow in kind of low to mid single-digit range. So, feel good about the performance here, as you said against generally weaker industrial.
Joshua Spector: Okay. That's helpful. And then, on the LGM side, in terms of you guys feeling that you got back most of your lost share, if the market remains kind of tepid here, do you see any risk of more share shifts back and forth, maybe some context than prior cycles with slower general growth, is there a lot of kind of back and forth or price pushes to try to gain volumes back, now that youve kind of got your share again?
Mitch Butier: Yes. Generally, when we see the share moving around, its usually in periods of change. So, rapid inflationary environments or deflationary environments is when we tend to have seen it, particularly at the beginning or ends of those cycles. So, if we were to go into slow growth, if thats your question but stable environment, we haven't experienced that first the same period of time in our industry. Our industry is more resilient in that. But if we were to, I have nothing in our history to tell us that that would cause more variation in share position.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
John McNulty: With regard to the margin improvement that you've been seeing from the cost cuts, it sounds like youre going to end the year certainly higher than you started the year. So, I guess, when you think about the year-end run rate for 2019 and how we should think about kind of the improvement that you can see in 2020, without any incremental cuts, I guess, how should we be thinking about what that incremental bridge is from 19 to 20, based on the cost cuts youve already put through?
Greg Lovins: Yes. So, just based on cost reductions, we would expect carryover from a restructuring perspective into 2020 of somewhere in the $20 million to $25 million range. A lot of thats driven by the European restructuring that we've talked about quite a bit, but that savings really started to kick in at the end of Q2, beginning of Q3 of this year. So, I think we have that as a tailwind going into next year. At the same time, we have some headwinds such as currency translation, which is a headwind for us here in the back half of this year that will be a headwind then in the first half of next year, if we stay at these rates, and a few other items as headwinds, I think as well there. But overall, carryover restructuring about $20 million to $25 million.
John McNulty: Got it, great. And then, with regard to -- I think, youd said autos were actually up in the quarter. And I guess, we understand that there were some relatively easy comps, but admittedly, you may be the only company we look at that actually had a positive auto number. So, I guess, what's driving that? Is that new vehicles that you are on, is it new applications that you're finding per vehicle, like I guess, how should we think about what's really driving that growth when auto comps are clearly going down?
Mitch Butier : Yes. So, a lot of our auto growth in the quarter actually did come in China where we had some significant clients as we talked about over the past year and before this quarter that that market really slowed. And we saw some -- while that market is still soft overall from an auto production perspective, we did see some of our business start to pick up a little bit in the third quarter. So, that's really been the biggest area of automotive growth here in Q3.
John McNulty: Great. Thanks very much. For the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: In RFID, it sounds like non-apparel opportunities are going better than you initially expected. And I think, in the past you've identified food, beauty, aviation and logistics as kind of four markets that were real opportunities outside of apparel. I'm just wondering if you can provide any color on those four markets maybe broadly and if there's any one in particular where you're seeing customer wins or what customer adoption has been kind of faster than you've expected or anything that surprised you there?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So, overall, the speed at which we've been able to build the pipeline has been rapid. And I don't think we gave projections about what we expected. But, we are hitting our ambitions on that. And as Ive mentioned, most of the growth in the actual pipeline is for categories outside of apparel. Specifically, the biggest growth driver of that has really been within the food category. So foods, we have quite a few programs in the pipeline that we're working. As far as the actual growth, the growth levels, it's high in percentage terms but off of a very small base. So, our focus here is, leverage the strengths that we have within the apparel segment, both from a business development as well innovation and manufacturing capabilities, and identify other end markets where there are similarities to apparel that we think are right for adoption that begin to build that. We're having some wins along the way, but a lot of this -- the revenue right now outside of apparel, a lot of them are at the pilot stage and so forth to pilot revenue. And there's a couple of moving to full adoptions, but it's relatively small, less than 10 program. So, a vast majority of the pipeline is still early stage. And for us, it's really the growth opportunity, particularly in the 2021, 2022 beyond is what we're really focused on, as far as when it starts to become much more meaningful numbers.
Anthony Pettinari: And then, just sticking with RBIS maybe more broadly, you referenced uncertainty around tariffs. Did you see kind of a pull forward in RBIS demand, and maybe the first half with Chinese customers trying to buy ahead of potential tariffs on apparel? Are you seeing customers more kind of sitting on the sidelines? Can you say anything about sort of customer inventory levels currently and when they could resume kind of more normal buying patterns?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So, overall, we just saw tentativeness. Weve talked about the base apparel business slowing a little bit already, the rate of growth slowing in Q2 already, and it further moderated here in Q3. We didn't see people trying to buy ahead of time, because there was just -- there was tentativeness and people in general were just slow to move overall. When we look at what's going on, our growth trends and we talk to other players in the segment suppliers, people who provide threads and so forth, what they are seeing is similar to what we are seeing. Now, when you talk about actual at the retail and brand level, you have some retailer and brands that are doing phenomenally well and others that are struggling. So, there is a bit of a mixed bag, if you will, as far as what's going on in retail environment. So, we didn't really see inventory builds or anything, if you look at the inventory trends. Inventories dropped dramatically in 18, built up a little bit at the end of last year, beginning of this year, but then has already started depleting again. And these are levels that are near all-time lows right now, as far as inventory levels, which I think just shows retailers and brands focused on the need for faster supply chains and lower inventory levels in this more uncertain environment, which just further reinforces the adoption of RFID.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company, Incorporated. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thank you for taking my question. I was wondering if on LGM you have obviously reached your margin targets, it is a strong level you have. You are done with restructuring Europe. How much more do you think we can see this target improving? I mean, not the target, but the margin itself. 
Greg Lovins: Yes, Rosemarie. So, we've set a target of 12.5% to 13.5%. As you said, we are in the upper end of that targeted range. When we set those targets, we had -- last two times we had set long-term targets, we continually raised them and we said that we were focused on -- and we saw the opportunity for more. And so, we expanded them at that time. At this level, this business is  the returns are to multiple of the cost of capital. So, for us, we're not looking to adjust targets or anything for any of our businesses right now, somewhere within them, ones below it, making good trajectory to get it within and another being RBIS is above it. We're not going to adjust our targets or comment on that at this time. When we set our next set of long-term targets, we'll adjust accordingly. But, I think the key message here is we got a good growth, high return business here in LGM that we see, feel great about our position and prospects for.
Rosemarie Morbelli: And then, I was wondering if you could touch on M&A and the potential of seeing something between maybe not now in the end of the year but after the near future?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So, in M&A, timing is always tough to call, pipelines for part of engagements. I will say prices remain stickier for longer than we probably would have previously anticipated. So, we're going to be disciplined as we go through this. Our focus here is disproportionately focusing on areas that will increase our exposure to high value segments. And calling something specifically within announcing in a three, month, six-month period is just too tough to call. So, not going to comment on that specifically.
Rosemarie Morbelli: All right. Thank you.
Mitch Butier: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paretosh Misra with Berenberg Capital. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Paretosh Misra: Great. Thank you. So, in your IHM segment within the medical products, is there any specific product launch or application that is driving the strong growth?
Mitch Butier: Yes. It's pretty broad-based for us across the applications that we continue to grow well in some of our core business. We've also been growing in some of our antimicrobial business, what we call CHD that we've launched over the last year or so. So, we've seen a little bit of growth coming from new products from that perspective, but pretty broad-based across our portfolio over the last few quarters.
Paretosh Misra: Got it. And then a follow-up on the RBIS segment. I think, you mentioned something on embellishments. So, how big is that, and what do you think that growth rate is sustainable?
Mitch Butier: Well, we think this business can grow at a pretty high clip, well above the average, and it's been above 10%, above 20% this year. The business is less than 10% of overall RBIS. And so, it's relatively small. We've been talking about this for a few years and started off from essentially nothing about five years ago, and been growing it, and it's -- but it's still sub 10%. So, we see good amount of opportunities to continue to expand it. This is taking our capabilities, both innovation and product capabilities, as well as our manufacturing presence to basically move from trim and being -- having external -- having embellishments inside the garment, outside the garment. And the key driver for growth right now for us is in the European soccer clubs.
Paretosh Misra: I appreciate it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Chris Kapsch: Yes. Hi. Thank you. Just a follow-up on the dynamics around your comments about gaining back market share within LGM. So, you said that -- in the past, you've talked about when these things happen, you tend to lean on superior service and quality more so than price as the means to get back share. Can you just characterize if that's sort of what the tactics have been in this instance, as you said, to gain back the share that you did or be in a position to gain back the share? At least, it sounds like you characterized it that way.
Greg Lovins: Yes. So, primarily, the tactics are if some business moves away for a bit, is be patient and diligent, and we know that we've got superior service and quality, and just continue the dialog with those customers, and eventually the share rebalances. The other thing that happens is, we went from the last price increase when we were at the end of the inflationary cycle to in some areas, some commodities seeing some deflation, so where we saw that we had a relative price premium that was maybe outside of the targeted band that we think a particular product or solution warrants. We will then adjust at that level. So there is some price in there to be focused on being competitive, and that's not broad-based, that's maybe targeted areas. But, the overall focus here is to patient and diligent. We've built tremendous capabilities as far as service and quality, and be confident in that and let it play out for a few quarters.
Chris Kapsch: And if I could just follow up on that, would you characterize the regained market share consistent by region? And then getting more granular on that. Is that enough to explain why the sales growth in Southern Europe and then -- and in North America where you were flat, if you gain back shares that to suggest that the overall market was negative in the quarter? Thanks.
Mitch Butier: So, it's important -- our share gain comments are mostly sequential comments. So, the share gain was not relative so much to Q3 of last year. It's more from the first half of this year. So, when we're talking about market growth, the comments that we made, those are year-over-year. So, the share gain was not a driver of year-over-year growth as much as it was sequential.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Thanks for taking my follow-ups. I appreciate it. Just one housekeeping one and one on sustainability. On the housekeeping one, Greg or whomever, can you -- and the Chinese one has strengthened quite a bit in recent weeks, so can you help me with what FX rates you are using for 4Q?
Greg Lovins: Yes. So, our RMB -- sorry, our euro rate is just under 1.10 in the quarter, so I think 1.09 point something in the quarter for the euro; and the RMB is a little over 0.14 for the quarter.
Chris Kapsch: And just on -- Mitch on sustainability, there is a lot of talk about potential shift out of PET bottles toward aluminum, just given CPG companies desire to rid themselves of plastic to the extent possible. Can you just give us your view of this whole sustainability movement and talk about what if any impact you're seeing on your business? I would assume it's negligible just given the types of labels that go on those bottles, but anything more, I would appreciate.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So, the largest primary focus right now is really around single-use plastic containers. And there's varying definitions for what that is. But, if you think of water bottles and straws and so forth, pressure sensitive labels are going very few of those products, and that's where you're seeing a lot of the migration over. In general, my view is, is that there is an appropriate focus on sustainability of packaging in general. It's a key focus of the industry. It's a key focus of ours. We've been -- we're out in front of many companies, especially packagers making sustainability a priority. And I'd say, the first wave of that was more around improving the sustainability of our own business. Dramatically, we've reduced greenhouse gases by 30% over the last number of years, buying more sustainably sourced raw materials such as more than 90% of our paper that we procure is sustainably certified such as for Stewardship Council. So, that is in the focus. And now, more recently, we've been shifting more on making sure that our products make recyclability much more easy and efficient. So, we think this is an overall longer term trend for us. We see this is something more of a longer term drive. We think it's important. We're the market leader. We're increasing our level of investment innovation in this space, because we intend to lead here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Just a couple of questions on topics that come up periodically on your calls that -- regarding displacement types of technologies relative to your core products. So we were at PACK EXPO recently, we saw -- it seemed to us anyway a lot more commentary by some of the other packaging providers around direct printing on secondary packaging, which obviously, if that really took off and it was scalable, would have some threat -- present some threat to labeling and pressure sensitive materials. Mitch, what are you seeing in that regard? Are you seeing a little bit more activity there from competing technologies, are you not? Would you agree with our perception that whether or not its a threat, you're seeing a little bit more activity from competing materials and competing technology, I should say? And then, similarly, comes up periodically, are you seeing any increased attempts by brand owners and retailers to not necessarily go down the RFID path, but use other technologies to track product through supply chain, without having RFID, those revision systems or other things like that? Thank you very much, and good luck in the quarter.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, George. Yes. So, specifically, as far as other labeling technologies and commenting on direct print, we've actually been engaging with a number of firms on the direct print for a number of years now. So, we've seen some activity here. The technology we -- what we see as far as the economics of it, is still pretty far ways off. So, we're actively engaged. I think, as number of people are playing with and working through, but it's really going to be in the small volumes premium side of this industry. As far as the use of other technologies to track products, yes, we've been consistent in saying when we think about the Internet of Things and everything physical having a digital twin, digital life, we've said RFID is one of a number of enabling technologies, and there's a number of areas where wireless radio base connection will be required, others where you maybe have more clear line of sight, less SKU complexity and so forth, will be using other technologies. So, we think there's going be a complement of technologies that enable that future overall. So, that's not -- we're working with a number of those companies and well aware of that and see this is actually a space where multiple technologies will prosper.
Operator: Mr. Butier, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to you for any closing remarks.
Mitch Butier: Okay. Well, thank you everybody for joining. Overall, another solid quarter. We're confident in achieving our long-term targets which once again reflects resilience of our industry-leading market positions, the strategic foundations we've laid, and our agile and talented workforce. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-23 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the second quarter ended June 29, 2019. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 2:00 pm Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time July 26th. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 1402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21896769. I'd now like to turn the call over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance. Please go ahead.
Cindy Guenther: Thank you, Tina. Today, we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited second quarter results. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on pages A-4 to A-8 attached to the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release and the appendix of our supplemental presentation materials. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the safe harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Now, I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, Cindy, and good day, everyone. Earnings in the second quarter met our expectations, delivering a roughly 12% increase over prior year on a constant currency basis, as we more than offset softer than expected growth with increased productivity. Now, 2019 is obviously playing out a bit differently than we envisioned at the start of the year-end. As you can see from our results, we are once again proving our ability to anticipate shifting market conditions and are responding swiftly. This agility is enabling us to sustain our earnings growth trajectory and maintain the midpoint of our EPS guidance for the year. We continue to execute well in driving outsized growth in high-value categories with growth of these products and solutions again outpacing the base business in Q2, and at the same time, our relentless focus on productivity was again a key driver of margin expansion. In sum, we are making good progress against our key strategic priorities and despite the current environment are on track to deliver our long-term financial targets. Label and Graphic Materials posted roughly 1 point of organic growth for the quarter, driven by pricing with high-value categories again growing faster than the base. Overall, volumes declined modestly, reflecting softer market demand as well as the previously discussed loss of share in less differentiated categories over the preceding couple of quarters. Recall, this share loss resulted from our disciplined execution of pricing actions near the end of the inflationary cycle. We've begun to recover that share while sustaining the strong margin we achieved in the same period last year. The slower demand trends we saw in Q1 continued into Q2. We've adjusted our full-year guidance to reflect the softer market conditions through the balance of the year, combined with gradual, focused share gain. As I mentioned, productivity efforts supported a strong operating margin for LGM in the quarter. Weve been anticipating the possibility of a general market slowdown. And so, in addition to some belt tightening, we accelerated restructuring actions that we had in the pipeline to both further improve our competitiveness in each region as well to drive long-term, sustainable expansion of both margins and returns. Retail Branding and Information Solutions delivered solid organic growth, driven by ongoing strength in RFID while continuing to drive significant margin expansion. RFID grew once again by more than 20%, while the pace of the base business slowed. The slowdown in the base reflected general market softness, as well as what appear to be some choppiness in timing of retailer purchases in light of trade related uncertainty. While apparel market uncertainty remains, we are well-positioned to win here with our unsurpassed global footprint and differentiated product and service capabilities. The strong growth in RFID continues to be fueled by apparel, while we made great progress in developing other promising verticals. Our total pipeline of customer engagements continues to expand, now up by more than 30% from just the beginning of this year with engagements in categories outside of apparel including food, beauty, logistics leading the way. As the leader in ultra-high frequency RFID, we are positioned extremely well to capture these opportunities with our industry-leading innovation and manufacturing capabilities and the best, most experienced team in the space. We continue to increase our investments in business development and other resources to drive this growth, as we build out our Intelligent Labels platform to enable a future where every item can have a digital twin and a digital life. In industrial and Healthcare Materials, sales were flat on an organic basis, driven by the decline in global auto production, which more than offset solid growth in other industrial categories as well as strong growth in our medical business. And we once again made good progress in the quarter toward achieving our operating margin target for this business. In short, another solid quarter and despite a softer top-line, we are reaffirming our earnings guidance midpoint for the year. Our strategies to deliver outsized growth in high-value categories are clearly working and our relentless focus on productivity continues to enable us to increase our pace of investment in these categories, increase our competitiveness overall and grow profitably in our base business as well, importantly, continuing to expand operating margin. We are confident in our ability to achieve our long-term objective to drive GDP-plus growth and top-quartile returns and we will continue to seek opportunities to leverage our positions of strength, commercially, operationally and financially and lean forward even as others may pull back. Now, I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, and hello, everyone. As Mitch said, we delivered another solid quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $1.72, in line with our expectations, and again up more than 10% on a constant currency basis. We grew sales by 1.6% on an organic basis and currency translation reduced reported sales growth by 4.7 points in the quarter. Adjusted operating margin increased by 60 basis points to 12.1%. And we realized $12 million of restructuring savings, net of transition costs in the quarter. The LGM restructuring in Europe was largely completed as of the end of Q2, which will drive a significant uptick in savings from this initiative in the second half. Turning to cash generation and allocation. Year-to-date, we generated $165 million of free cash flow, up nearly $38 million compared to the prior year. And as we've discussed, we've increased our pace of fixed capital in IT-related spending for two to three-year period to support our long-term organic growth and margin expansion plans, with capital spending expected to be up by about $25 million this year. We continue to expect capital spending then to moderate from this level over the next couple of years, consistent with our long-term capital allocation strategy. And we continue to return cash to shareholders. In the first half of the year, we repurchased roughly 1.2 million shares at an aggregate cost of $117 million. We paid $93 million in dividends, including the 12% increase in the dividend rate in April, for a total of $209 million of cash return to shareholders, up 11% compared to the same period last year. And our balance sheet remains strong. Our current leverage position gives us ample capacity to continue executing our disciplined capital allocation strategy, including investing in organic growth and acquisitions while continuing to return cash to shareholders. We are well positioned to take advantage of any dislocations in the market should they occur over the next few years. I'll now turn to the segment results for the quarter. Label and Graphic Materials sales increased by 0.9% on an organic basis, driven by prior year pricing actions as volume declined modestly. Growth in LGM's high-value categories continued to outpace the growth of the base business, once again led by specialty and durables, which were collectively up high single digits on an organic basis. Breaking down LGM's organic growth in the quarter by region. Both North America and Western Europe declined at low single digit rates, reflecting the market dynamics already discussed. Emerging markets grew at a low single digit rate with China up low single digits and South Asia up high single digits. Adjusted operating margin for the segment was strong at 13.8%, in line with the same period last year, reflecting the benefit of productivity actions including material reengineering, partially offset by currency-related headwinds and the impact of lower volume. As I mentioned in last quarter's call, we've covered the cumulative effect of the roughly 18 months of raw material cost inflation that we experienced through a combination of pricing actions and material reengineering. We're now seeing some modest deflation in our raw material input costs on a sequential basis with comparable sequential declines in both the first and second quarters of the year. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions. RBIS delivered solid top line growth, up 4.4% on an organic basis, driven by faster growth in high-value categories with sales of both RFID and external embellishments up more than 20% for the quarter. Our base business was roughly flat, adjusting for the impact of cannibalization due to RFID. Adjusted operating margin for the segment expanded by 130 basis points to 12.5% as productivity and higher volume more than offset higher employee-related costs and growth related investments. Turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment. Sales were flat on an organic basis, driven by the decline in global auto production as automotive applications globally represent about a third of IHM's sales. Outside of automotive, industrial categories were up mid-single digits on an organic basis. Healthcare categories likewise grew at a mid-single digit pace with better than 20% growth in medical applications. We continue to make good progress on the margin front in IHM. Adjusted operating margin increased by 120 basis points to 10.5% driven by productivity and a net benefit of pricing and raw material costs, which more than offset higher employee-related costs. Gains on the pricing side largely relate to strategic adjustments we made as a result of our work to more effectively segment our portfolio. Focusing now on our outlook for 2019. We have maintained our guidance midpoint for adjusted earnings per share while tightening the range to $6.50 to $6.65. We have reduced our outlook for organic sales growth to a range of 2% to 2.5% in light of the slower market conditions in LGM during the first half that we assume will continue. We have outlined some of the other key contributing factors to this guidance on slide nine of our supplemental presentation materials, in particular, and just focusing on the changes from our assumptions in April. At recent exchange rates, currency translation represents a roughly 2.5-point headwind to reported sales growth for the year with a pre-tax operating income hit of $28 million. This is up slightly from the $27 million we had anticipated previously. We now estimate that incremental pre-tax savings from restructuring, net of transition cost, will contribute about $45 million to $50 million, up $5 million from our April estimate, as we've accelerated a number of actions that were in the pipeline, we've already realized about $17 million in net savings year-to-date and expect the balance of our full-year savings will be split roughly equally between the third and fourth quarters. And we've narrowed our range on average share count, assuming dilution of 84.5 million to 85 million shares reflecting an assumed pick-up from the Q2 pace of share buyback during the second half. In summary, we delivered another solid quarter in a more challenging environment, and we are confident in our ability to deliver the earnings guidance we communicated at the start of the year and are on track to deliver on our long-term objectives to achieve GDP plus growth and top-quartile returns on capital, driving sustained growth in EVA. Now, we'll open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ghansham Panjabi of Robert W. Baird & Co. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi: I guess, first off on margins in LGM being flat year-over-year during the second quarter, even with the obvious moderation in volume growth. You mentioned accelerated productivity actions, reengineering et cetera. Can you just give us more color in terms of what actually benefited you relative to your initial expectations for that specific segment?
Greg Lovins: Yes. I think overall there is a couple of pieces. One, we talked a little bit about the stronger growth in higher value segments and thats helped overall with our margins there as well, as well as some of the share loss that we've talked about over the last couple of quarters, so some of the less differentiated segments. So, having a generally kind of lower average variable margin than our average would be on that decline. At the same time, as you mentioned, Ghansham, we've accelerated productivity efforts, combination of restructuring actions as well as kind of short-term productivity actions including belt tightening, as Mitch mentioned a little bit of incentive costs and a little bit of benefit from price deflation year-over-year. So, really a combination of things with the productivity, as well as stronger growth in high-value segments helping maintain the margin year-over-year.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. That's helpful, Greg. And then, Mitch, back to your comments on RBIS and the comments of the base business slowed. Kind of looking back, do you think that you benefited from any material extent from a volume pull forward previously that may have impacted 2Q or do you see incremental weakness? I guess, what are customers telling you as you cycle into the back half? And then, also, have you seen any impact specific to RFID as well? Thanks so much.
Mitch Butier: Sure. So overall as far as pull forward, it's tough to call overall, Ghansham. as far as end retailer behavior has been doing in the first half, there has been just more choppiness, as I commented on. The other big factor just between Q1 and Q2 is really around just timing of holidays and Chinese New Year and everything else. That aside, Q2 seemed to have a bit of a slowdown in the base, and it's really around just some of the uncertainty, particularly around announced tariffs and then tariffs being canceled, and so forth. So even within individual quarters, we're seeing a bit more lumpiness than we normally see. Now with that regard, performance athletic continues to be a well-positioned category, they've moved a lot of their sourcing outside of China already, and I'd say the value segment, so think of discounters and so forth are more exposed to what's going on with the China U.S. trade relationships.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Edlain Rodriguez, UBS. Please go ahead.
Edlain Rodriguez: A quick question for you Mitch. I mean in terms of LGM like the volume softness you see in the base label business, like what are some of the key end markets where you're seeing that softness?
Mitch Butier: Key end market is, for base, if you're talking about paper-based products and so forth, would be variable information label. So e-commerce labels. If you think about the variable information labels for shipping, for near the grocery store and you get a barcode at the deli counter and so forth. So that's some of the less differentiated categories that we're referring to.
Edlain Rodriguez: And can you talk about like the progress you're making on regaining like the lost market share in LGM? And again, remind us again like how exactly are you doing that to get that volume back? Is it through pricing or is there something else going on? Just a little more color please.
Mitch Butier: Yes. We're seeing progress, particularly in North America and Europe where we have clear data on what is going on within the market. We can tell from the volume trends that we're seeing, we're making progress, we've stabilized the share position and began to recapture that share here in Q2. We are focused on doing this in a disciplined and gradual way. As we said, it will take us a few quarters to recapture that share and how we do it is basically continuing to focus around our differentiated quality and service, that is a key area of focus for us. And so we're willing to take some risk particularly late in the inflationary cycle knowing that our core fundamental points of advantage continue to play through over time. Having said that, our markets clearly are competitive and less differentiated categories are competitive as well. So we continue to have a balanced strategy focus around innovation and productivity to remain competitive and continue to have attractive returns within the base categories. I do want to comment real quick also as Ghansham you had another follow-up question around RFID. So again, just as my comments said continuing to see strength within RFID, RFID is an enabler for continuing to not only provide opportunities for end market demand and managing through the omnichannel, all of the advantages we've talked to in the past, but also around shortening lead times and cycle times which given some of the trade uncertainty also is a great capability for any retailer and brand to have. So there is not any impact or changing views overall in RFID in any way other than just general recognition that it is the technology of the future within the apparel categories and we're seeing the new opportunities continue to flourish outside of apparel I talked through as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari of Citigroup Global Markets. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: In LGM, you identified variable information and shipping labels as maybe a couple of the weaker end markets that you sell into in the quarter. Apologies if I missed this, but for LGM, is it possible to say which geographies or which regions were particularly weak or strong from a volume perspective in the quarter? I know you gave those volume trends regionally for RBIS.
Mitch Butier: If you're talking about specifically for VI and shipping label volumes by region, if we saw actually strength in China pretty strong growth within the VI, variable information label category, reflecting just strong growth of e-commerce as well as a little bit of easier comps in that specific category in China. And then elsewhere, we're actually seeing general slowdown, which reflects a general slowdown we think in economic activity with Europe being the biggest decline. And obviously, there is a piece of share loss in there as well from our business. I'm talking a bit of market.
Anthony Pettinari: Got it. Now that's helpful. And then in your comments, you discussed levers you can pull to grow earnings and returns and I think you talked about leaning forward as others pull back. And I'm just wondering, I don't know if that comment was specifically around M&A, but can you just talk about maybe valuations that you're seeing, is it too soon for kind of the economic slowness that we've seen in some regions to actually impact multiples, conversations you've had with potential targets, any general thoughts on M&A?
Mitch Butier: So it's a general comment, overall. So just around our organic strategy, we've been ramping up our pace of investment for the last few years to drive this outsized growth in high-value segments and we've been leaning forward with continued restructuring activity that you hear us announce periodically, we continue to focus around how to find more productivity to fund those investments, protect the core and expand margins. So, it's leaning forward on all those strategies. And it's also around just capital allocation of what's leftover with free cash flow as you comment on, and it's M&A. And we find most of what we're looking to companies in the pipeline are privately held, prices tend to be a little bit sticky. We are actively engaging a number of targets there. We did slow down a little bit of the slow core ships in IHM, we're now going to be ramping that up as well as far as how we core people, but it's in general pipeline is healthy. But the pricing is a bit sticky is what I'd say. And that's why things haven't converted of late. The other element of the comment is just there is more volatility in general around stock market and so forth and so we aren't well positioned for share repurchases as well. So it's multifaceted, Anthony.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John McNulty, BMO. Please go ahead.
Bhavesh Lodaya: Hi. Good afternoon. This is Bhavesh Lodaya for John. You touched on the RFID opportunities and it's great to see it maintained its strong growth. As we think about how a tough macro impacts the segment, are you seeing any changes in implementation and/or expansion from your customers where either they may be slowing down things to reduce their spend or alternatively they may be accelerating their adoption to help improve efficiency. So maybe you can touch on how to think about both those sides?
Mitch Butier: I'm not sure I caught the beginning of the question. I think you're asking about RFID and if we're seeing any change in behavior given the current macro and the answer is the only change we've been seeing over the last few years is a continued interest and acceleration. Again, this enables companies to connect more with their end customers, it enables them to have more efficient retail as well as omnichannel strategies, and it enables them for more efficient supply chain. So, even if things do turn down, it actually says this technology is a key enabler for the success of various companies in that environment. So we're not seeing any negative shift just a continued acceleration as we commented on both in our revenue as well as in our pipeline of activity.
Bhavesh Lodaya: Okay, thanks. As a quick follow-up, any updates on the M&A environment, particularly for this segment or outside of it?
Mitch Butier: Just we continue to see opportunities for M&A and we are continuing to work the pipeline and that no additional comments beyond what we've discussed. Part of the reason, as you've noticed, we've been below our targeted leverage level. And so that we have the capacity to both do M&A as well as continue disciplined share buyback and we're well positioned for that and continue to engage in active pipeline.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Staphos, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Molly Baum: Hi. Thank you. This is Molly Baum sitting on for George. He is traveling today, but one of the questions that he had wanted to ask was, what impact is recycling and other sustainability efforts having on LGM and RBIS both from a volume perspective, but also how is it impacting your product development efforts?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So overall on sustainability, we've committed as you all know to a number of set of long-term targets and we're making great progress on that both procuring more sustainable raw materials, reduce the environmental impact of our business and developing more sustainable and innovative products and solutions. So a key area of focus is around really the recyclability of packaging and it's getting a disproportion amount of our investment dollars as we've talked about, we have innovative solutions out there such as CleanFlake that enable more efficient and effective recycling of plastic containers, that's been growing double digits, and we are continuing to invest a higher amount of our innovation spend specifically in this area, given the fact that we spend a disproportion amount of the industry's R&D spend, we feel we're well positioned for this and see that it will be a slow change overall, but we are well positioned to help lead that change.
Molly Baum: And then, I don't know if I heard this correctly. I think one of the comments in terms of RBIS base business being flat. That was adjusting for some cannibalization from RFID. Can you quantify kind of what the impact would have been if you included that and just give a sense for how you expect that to trend going forward? Thank you.
Greg Lovins: Yes. So, we said the base business in RBIS was roughly flat with the cannibalization. It would be down low single digits if you exclude that impact. So low-single digit impact in terms of the transition from certain tags that used to be without RFID to now price tag, for instance, it would include RFID.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Josephson, KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Mitch, in terms of the cadence of volumes throughout the quarter, can you just talk about them and how that cadence led to your guidance reduction on organic sales?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So overall just the lowering that we had -- when we had the Q1 performance, we've seen blips for individual couple of months at a time even a quarter and so we weren't calling it as a bigger shift, and with what, how we saw how Q2 came in, we concluded giving a range of guidance that at the low end just shows a pure continuation of the first half growth and at the high end I assume that once we get through the easier comps in Q4 that that growth rate increases a bit, so that's very simple how we came up with the guidance.
Adam Josephson: I mean, it's just a follow-up to that April through June, did you see any meaningful change in underlying trends?
Greg Lovins: Yes. And we were probably strongest in the middle of the quarter and a little bit softer in April and June, so as Mitch said it's been a little bit choppier over the last couple of quarters. So nothing meaningful that I would say and again as Mitch mentioned our comps are a little bit tougher in Q2 and Q3. So, wed expect the third quarter to be a little bit on the lower side of our guidance range and the fourth quarter a little bit stronger.
Adam Josephson: And Greg, in terms of volume versus price, I know in LGM, you were up 1.2 [ph] organically. And I know all of that was price because volume was down. In terms your expectation for the second half in LGM specifically, are you expecting volume growth embedded in your guidance and what is volume versus price for LGM or anything you can talk about with along those lines?
Greg Lovins: Sure. So, I think we talked about a couple of quarters ago, our original expectation for this year was about a 1 point to 1.5 growth when we started the -- growth in price. When we started the year, we were around that 1.5 level. I think now for the full year in LGM, we're probably expecting to be closer to 1 point, maybe slightly below and most of that year-over-year is carryover pricing from last year and most of that impact was in the first half, so we would see a little bit more volume growth in the back half and a little bit less on the price side.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas, JP Morgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Can you talk about July business trends across your three segments?
Greg Lovins: Yes, Jeff. This is Greg. There is -- I think July had not much of a read so far, just given holidays in July in the US and then Europe holiday period starting. So I wouldn't say that we make or take much for churn from what we've seen so far this quarter. So again, what I would say is Q2, we expect to be more or Q3, we expect to be more like the first half, maybe a little bit lighter in terms of year-over-year growth given the harder comp in the third quarter, with that picking up a little bit in the fourth quarter as Mitch indicated earlier given some of the, the share loss and some of the softening markets we saw at the tail end of last year.
Jeff Zekauskas: And maybe you discussed this before and I missed it. Can you talk about the volume trends in Label and Graphic Materials in the US, generally, Europe, South America and China for the quarter?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So, Jeff, the volume trends, we don't talk about the specific volume trends overall region by region. So, but if you look at within North America. It was growing low single digits organically through the end of '17. And the growth began to moderate a bit in '18 and then moderated fully again here in 2019. And as we talked about before, Q1, we think we saw a bit of softness that was probably a little bit more share than just the market at least in the beginning of the quarter and now we're seeing all same macro trend you're seeing and we don't yet have share of market data for Q2. But if you look at the macro trends, it seems that there might be a bit of a softening in Q2 here. Europe had even stronger growth than North America up until early last year, it then moderated, it moderated still further from a market perspective, and it looks like volumes, it actually went negative as an overall market as well in Q2. And China continued to see growth within the variable information labels tied to e-commerce, it's tough to tell exactly. There is no clear market data here, but there's just a lot more uncertainty in general, there's growth -- decent growth overall outside of variable information labels in the market, but it's a lot more push and taken just uncertainty I'd say with engagement that we have with our customers. And then South Asia, we continue to see strong growth, ASEAN a little bit lighter than India, ASEAN basically has tough comps they're going through. India seeing strong growth still although that's moderating a bit. Exports are down coming out of India, which is having a general macro view. And Latin America, decent growth relative to the environment and you can see what's going on in the environment there. We've got -- had a quite a bit of currency price and so forth over the last couple of years.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Chris Kapsch of Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Chris Kapsch: So, I look at the income statement, I see the gross margins roughly flat year-over-year but your SG&A was down 70 basis points year-over-year. I don't think it's ever been below 15%. I get that's partly just sales leverage with the growth over time. But the -- and I get you've mentioned obviously the relentless focus on productivity. You called out some belt tightening. I'm just wondering if you could comment on the sustainability of that metric and if there is anything more specifically that you can point to thats contributing there? Was there like a reversal of some incentive accruals or just the absence of some incentive accruals there that may have distorted that metric? And how should we think about that metric over the balance of 2019?
Greg Lovins: Yes. Chris, I think, as you've seen, we've been kind of pulling down our run rate on SG&A over the last four quarters really with some of the actions that we started taking in RBIS a couple of years ago that continued through last year as well as some of the actions we've been taking in IHM for instance, as in both of those businesses, we look to improve our speed, reduce our complexity while also reducing our cost. And much of that work has been benefiting SG&A. So, you've seen our run rate come down over the last year and then at the same time, we're also reinvesting some of that savings from those initiatives in the higher value segments as Mitch talked about earlier as well. So we do expect or I should say this quarter as well, we had a little bit of a benefit from incentive compensation as you mentioned as well, but we do expect overall to be more or less in line with where we've been in the last four quarters as we move forward.
Chris Kapsch: Okay. And then if I had -- if I could follow up on RBIS, you mentioned external embellishments as a category growing I think over 20% and just curious if that is -- is that something that's happening in the apparel market where retailers are spending more on that or is it something -- is that dynamic -- that metric a function of some commercial efforts that you put in place, perhaps more design efforts with key retail or apparel companies? If you could just talk about what's driving that dynamic? And is that something that you view as sustainable in the market? Thanks.
Mitch Butier: Yes, part of a deliberate effort and strategy, both commercially to increase our market presence and really to leverage our material science capabilities we have within the company to go from the interior of the garment to the external part of the garment and really trying to capture the overall trend within retail and well apparel specifically on customization and personalization. So that is a key intent, key driver. We've been investing in it, it's been growing from a very small base over the last number of years well above the average and the key growth right now is largely coming from Europe, where we are seeing growth in the Sportswear, fan sportswear categories and so forth.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli, G.research. Please go ahead.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thank you. Good morning and good afternoon rather, everyone. I was wondering, you mentioned Mitch that the performance athletic did well as your customers moved out of China. So, does that -- did that translate into higher growth, and while you may still, the growth, it is at the lower margin?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So, my comment specific around performance athletic is one, they as a category that is a category that's doing well just in end markets, and two, with regard to some of the sourcing region uncertainty that's out there, it's not a recent item, but over time they migrated more of their manufacturing outside of China already, so it's more of a relative comment from what we see. So that's what my comment was. And as far as what's going on, I think your second part of your question, Rosemarie, was around just the impact of migrating sourcing. This is something that can cause some near-term disruption in the industry related to some of the choppiness I noted. We are extremely well positioned for this given our global footprint that we have our long experience of doing business in all the emerging markets that where apparel is made and so this is something that we see as an opportunity should things shift more -- at a more accelerated pace.
Rosemarie Morbelli: And then, I was wondering, you talked about the impact of the trade war on demand for retail apparel -- apparel items. Looking at the fact that now I believe retailers are beginning to order for the holiday seasons, are you seeing a big change versus what was happening last year?
Mitch Butier: There is some of the uncertainty around it for sure. I can't call one way or the other. Now, I will say, I mean there is no -- the tariffs aren't being implemented. So, and there have been broad discussion about for the vast majority of apparel that there won't be really an impact here. So I think this overall had some early on we were thinking potential delays, but just in general, some of the choppiness that I've talked through, and if you look at just more broadly than that, China, the devaluation of the renminbi has actually made China cheaper to some retailers and brands as well in the meantime. So there's a number of factors that go into their decisions and we're just seeing general choppiness and it's too early for us to call.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Butier, I see no further questions via the phone lines. I will turn the call back over to you for any closing remarks.
Mitch Butier: All right. Well, great. Well, thanks everybody for joining the call. And I really want to just thank our team for their commitment and agility in delivering another solid quarter. We are confident, as you've heard many times, in our ability to achieve our long-term targets, really reflect the resilience of our industry-leading market positions, the relative stability of our end markets and the strategic foundations we've laid. So, thank you very much.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-24 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions].  Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the first quarter ended March 30th, 2019. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 12:00 PM Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time April 27th. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 1402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21896768. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance. Please go ahead.
Cindy Guenther: Thank you, Tina. Today we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited first quarter results. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules, A-4 to A-7 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release and the Appendix of our supplemental presentation materials. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the safe harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier : Thanks, Cindy, and good day everyone. We delivered adjusted EPS in line with our expectations for the first quarter, a roughly 10% increase over prior year on a constant currency basis, despite organic revenue coming in a bit lower than usual, as continued strong performance in RBIS was partially offset by soft volume in our two materials businesses. Label and Graphic Materials posted roughly 1.5% organic growth for the quarter, driven by pricing. Volumes were down as growth in our high value categories was offset by declines in our base businesses as we ceded some share in lower margin, less differentiated categories due to our disciplined approach to raising prices to offset inflation. We expect to win much of this business back over the course of a few quarters. As for underlying market trends for Label Materials, conditions appear to have been relatively soft over the past couple of quarters not only in Europe and China, as we've discussed previously, but in North America as well. We expect our organic growth rate to improve as we move through the year, driven by gradual focused share gain as well as a modest improvement in underlying market demand. Despite the soft top-line, productivity efforts supported a healthy operating margin for LGM in the quarter, particularly in light of transition costs associated with the European restructuring. We expect LGM's operating margin to improve through the course of the year, driven largely by benefits from the completion of this project in Europe. Retail Branding and Information Solutions, once again, deliver both strong top-line growth and significant margin expansion. The base business grew by roughly 3% on an organic basis, while enterprise wide RFID, once again, grew by more than 20%. As you know, apparel represents the vast majority of RFID sales and was again the key driver of most of our growth here in the quarter. And our pipeline continued to expand, already up roughly 15% from the beginning of this year, with engagements in categories outside of apparel principally, food, beauty and aviation leading the way. Given the strength of our position, strategies and team, we are confident in our ability to achieve our long-term target for RFID solutions; that is 15% to 20% plus growth. We continue to increase our level of investment to support this growth as we build out our Intelligent Labels platform to enable a future where every item can have a digital twin and digital life. In Industrial and Healthcare Materials, sales declined modestly on an organic basis, driven by the decline in global automobile production, which more than offset solid growth in other industrial categories as well as strong growth in medical. And, as for margins, we made good progress in the quarter toward achieving our target for this business. In short, another solid quarter, and we are reaffirming our earnings guidance for the year. While the year is starting off more challenging, we are prepared for it. Our relentless focus on productivity continues to enable us to increase our pace of investment in high value segments, increase our competitiveness, and grow profitably in our base businesses, while importantly, continuing to expand operating margin, which we were able to do again in the first quarter and expect to deliver for the full year. We remain confident in our ability to achieve our long-term objectives and we will continue to seek opportunities to leverage our positions of strength commercially, operationally, and financially, and lean forward even as others may pull back. Now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Lovins : Thanks, Mitch, and hello everyone. We delivered a solid start to the year with adjusted earnings per share of $1.48, in line with our expectations. As expected, pension settlement charges, almost entirely non-cash, drove a loss in reported income. Reported earnings per share was a negative $1.74, including a $3.13 per share hit from the pension settlement charges, net of tax. We grew sales by 2.4% on an organic basis, as currency translation reduced reported sales growth by 4.4 points in the quarter. And adjusted operating margin increased by 30 basis points to 10.9%. And we realized $5 million of net restructuring savings in the quarter. And note that we are still incurring transition costs associated with the European restructuring with savings ramping up in the second half of the year. Turning now to cash generation and allocation, we generated $7 million of free cash flow in the quarter, which was up roughly $27 million compared to the prior year, and recall that free cash flow in the first quarter is typically negative, driven primarily by the timing of employee incentive and customer rebate payments. In the first quarter, we effectively settled the liabilities associated with the termination of our US pension plan. The cash cost to complete this transaction was significantly better than expected, reflecting competitive market conditions for the purchase of annuities. As we've discussed, we've increased our pace of fixed capital and IT-related spending for a couple of year period, with gross capital spending expected to be up by about $25 million this year compared to last year, to support our organic growth and margin expansion plans. We do expect capital spending to then moderate over the next few years, consistent with our long-term capital allocation strategy. And we continue to return cash to shareholders as we repurchased roughly 0.9 million shares at an aggregate cost of $89 million and paid $44 million in dividends in the quarter. Our balance sheet remained strong. Our current leverage position gives us ample capacity to continue executing our disciplined capital allocation strategy, including investing in organic growth and acquisitions, while continuing to return cash to shareholders. We are well positioned to take advantage of any dislocations in the market should they occur over the next few years. So turning to the segment results for the quarter, Label and Graphic Material sales increased by 1.4% on an organic basis, driven by prior year pricing actions, as the volume mix declined modestly. LGM's high value segments continued to outpace growth of the base business, led by specialty and durable categories which were collectively up high-single digits on an organic basis. Breaking down LGM's organic growth in the quarter by region, North America was up low-single digits while Western Europe was roughly flat. Emerging markets also grew modestly as strength in South Asia and Latin America was largely offset by organic sales declines in China and Eastern Europe. Operating margin for the segment was down 50 basis points on an adjusted basis to 12.5%, due to the margin impact of raising prices to offset raw material inflation combined with transition costs associated with the European restructuring. Ongoing productivity initiatives, including material reengineering offset the impacts of lower volume and higher employee-related costs. At this point, we've covered the cumulative effects of the roughly 18 months of raw material cost inflation that we've experienced through a combination of both pricing actions and material reengineering. Globally, raw material costs were down modestly on a sequential basis in the first quarter and our outlook assumes relative stability through the balance of the year. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions; RBS delivered another quarter of strong topline growth, up 7% on an organic basis, driven by both RFID and the base business. Total RFID sales were up by more than 20% for the quarter. The vast majority of which benefited the RBIS segment, with faster growth among European brands and retailers. Adjusted operating margin for this segment expanded by 220 basis points to 12.4%, as increased volume and lower currency related costs more than offset higher employee-related costs in the quarter. Turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment, sales declined by 1% on an organic basis, driven by the decline in global auto production as automotive applications globally represent about a third of IHM's total sales. Outside of automotive, Industrial categories were up mid-single-digits on an organic basis. And Healthcare categories grew at a low-single-digit pace with mid-teens growth in medical applications. And we made good progress on the margin front in IHM. Adjusted operating margin increased by 200 basis points to 9.5%, driven by productivity improvements. Focusing now on our outlook for 2019, we have maintained our guidance for adjusted earnings per share to be between $6.45 and $6.70. We have trimmed our outlook for organic sales growth to roughly 3.5% in light of the softer start to the year. With the midpoint of our EPS guidance range assuming that organic growth for LGM comes in below the long end of its long-term target range, while we continue to expect that RBS will come in above the high end of its long-term range, reflecting continued strength in RFID. We've outlined some of the other key contributing factors to this guidance on Slide 9 of our supplemental presentation materials. In particular and just focusing on the changes from our assumptions in January, at recent exchange rates, currency translation represents a roughly 2.5 point headwind to reported sales growth for the year, with a pre-tax operating income hit of $27 million. This is up modestly from the $25 million we anticipated previously. We estimate incremental pre-tax savings from restructuring, net of transition costs, will contribute about $40 million to $45 million, up from our January estimate of $35 million, as we have now completed planning that was still in process at the start of the year. Due to the timing of these actions and related transition cost, roughly 70% of the full year net savings from restructuring will be realized in the back half of the year. And as I mentioned, total pre-tax charges associated with the settlement of pension liabilities came down to roughly $450 million, with an after-tax EPS hit of roughly $3.15, almost entirely in the first quarter. In summary, we delivered another solid quarter and remain confident on our ability to deliver on our long-term goals to achieve GDP plus growth and top quartile return on capital. And we'll now open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Anthony Pettinari of Citigroup Global Markets. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari : I'm wondering if it's possible to say how LGM volumes kind of trended through the three months of the quarter and maybe what the exit rate looked like and how April volumes have looked like. And I think there was a comment about; you expected modest improvement in underlying demand I think in 2Q. What's driving that specifically around Europe or China?
Greg Lovins: Yes, thanks Anthony. So I think back half of the quarter, particularly March was marginally better, I think, than where we started at the beginning of the first quarter. So overall, a little bit of improvement, as we're exiting the first quarter, at least on a marginal basis. As we look into April, we only have a few weeks so far and we also of the timing of the Easter year-over-year, which is different. So little hard to tell based on those trends. We do seem to be a little bit marginally better in April from where we were in the first quarter with some -- a bit of improvement in Europe. It looks like it's a continuation of the trends from Q1 in North America.
Anthony Pettinari : Okay, that's helpful. And then you talked about potentially gaining back some of the business in the next few quarters that you lost in 1Q. is that -- can you just -- what's driving that? Is that basically material reengineering just kind of taking its course and readjusting to the marketplace or how do you plan to get back that business?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So Anthony, we've discussed in the past, some periods of inflation with multiple price increases like we've gone through. What we've experienced is similar to what we've seen in the past and it will have elements of share moving between different players as you go through that period and we are willing to take some share risk to be able to make sure we move our market position to where we needed to be for the long-term health of the business and the industry. And so that's what we did and we saw some of the share loss and it's pretty consistent with what we saw actually in the last wave of inflation a number of years ago. So we just work through by showing continued differentiated service and quality, and through that we can regain the share over time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Edlain Rodriguez with UBS Securities. Please go ahead.
Edlain Rodriguez : Kind of like a related question, so you had expected Q1 to be soft volume-wise. So, what really changed from the end of January when you had -- when we reported earnings between now for the reduction in volume outlook that 3.5% versus 4%, like what really changed in between?
Greg Lovins: Yes. So, I think, across the segments, it's really LGM just coming in a little bit softer than our expectations were for the first quarter. And as Mitch said, we'll take a measured approach at regaining some of that share back, and we expect some improvement as we move through the year on the overall market trends. So we expect some improvement as we go, but overall, the first quarter did come in a little bit softer than we had expected it to in LGM.
Edlain Rodriguez : And one quick one on IHM, I mean clearly you're still having some volume issues there, but when do you expect that to kind of correct itself or is it that mainly dependent on auto-related markets to come back?
Mitch Butier: Yes, so as I mentioned earlier, outside of automotive, our business was pretty good in the quarter. So outside of automotive, our Industrial categories grew kind of mid-single digits. Our Medical business grew in the mid-teens, we feel good about that. Automotive, as you said, is really the driver of the challenge we had in the quarter. And that's about 30% of our overall IHM revenue. So the expectations in the automotive market, I think, globally as we move through this year is still a little bit of a challenge in Q2, maybe a little bit better than it was in the first quarter with some improvements in the back half of the year, so, generally looking to improve in line with the overall expected improvement in automotive as we go over the next couple of quarters.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Gaffner of Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Scott Gaffner : Thanks, good morning, Mitch. Good morning, Greg. Just want to continue on LGM for a second, Mitch, if I heard you right, you said you thought there'd be some modest end market improvement at the end of the year, but I'm just trying to understand that, because it sounded like more of the weakness in Europe and China was a little bit more macro related and so I'm just trying to figure out what's driving that commentary?
Mitch Butier: Part of it is just comping the fact that we started to see some of that decline in growth rates in the second half of last year, as we've talked about Scott. So that's a big impact of it and just reading the same macroeconomic forecast and everything else that you all can see as well. So, we don't have limited forward visibility, as you know. So it's not something specific related to what we're seeing within our market other than comps get a little bit easier as well as just macro trends that we're seeing.
Scott Gaffner : Okay. And then if I look at the quarter itself, you said earnings came in as expected. Clearly we've talked about some LGM weakness, but if I look at RBIS, I would think maybe that's where you kind of got back to even on -- relative to your expectations because the base business is up 3%. I can't remember the last time that the base business outside of RFID has been up that much. And so can you just, is that -- is that what was driving the -- what got you back to EPS as expected and what was driving that RBIS base business growth? Thanks.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So, overall, RBIS, another strong quarter, as you pointed out and we've highlighted and that was definitely part of the offset. The other element here is we did expect to start the year a bit soft and that we knew that the -- it would be more of a challenging volume environment in LGM this year, and we were going to be able to leverage the strengths of what RBIS is going be able to deliver, but also our focus around productivity. We take -- lay out these numbers and these we see as commitments and that's what we're focusing on delivering, and so we've been driving productivity while continuing to execute our strategies commercially across the portfolio, but particularly leveraging our areas of strength within intelligent labels and RBIS in general.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch, please go ahead.
George Staphos : Thanks for the details. My first two questions, first of all, Mitch, can you talk a bit about how you anticipate improving your market share while also maintaining margin? You mentioned the normal strength and tactics that you pursue and in the long-term those actually do lead to margin improvement, as we've seen over the years. But one way you can gain market share back is by becoming more and you had said it, competitive which could initially lead to some lower margin. So, if you could have us get a little bit more of a glimpse in terms of how you plan to attack both of those goals, and then, I had a follow-on?
Mitch Butier: Sure. Yes so primarily, it's basically by focusing our points of differentiation and servicing quarter key points of differentiation, particularly the service, even in the less differentiated product categories and we will engage our customers and it's not just going back after the customers where maybe we lost some shares, it's going after other customers as well, and working with them to gain share. And there is -- we have thousands of customers within each region, as you know. So it's really just a broad strategy of engagement with the marketplace. We are starting to see a little bit of material deflation, so if we -- if that does actually materialize, that would be something that we wouldn't be looking to hold on to in this environment necessarily, obviously different customer or customer depending where the margins and product -- product and customer margins are, but that's how we'll look at it. It's basically managing the volume, price and mix dynamics customer by customer product-by-product exactly. We've been talking about for the last few years, which has been a key driver for enhancing our growth rate as well as improving our margins. We'll be executing that strategy going forward.
Greg Lovins: So the other thing on LGM margins would be the restructuring for Europe which is transition costs here in Q1 and Q2. We'll see that transition to savings in the back half. And as we said before, about 70% to 75% of our restructuring savings will be back-half loaded this year. So that's another reason we feel good about continuing to grow margins as we progress across the quarters.
George Staphos : Thanks, Greg. And that's kind of a good set up from my second question. So first part, Mitch, when should we begin to see visible improvement, not that this quarter was anything to be concerned with, but when do you think you'll be in a position to say yes our goals, our objectives in terms of gaining share and gaining back some of the business that we wanted to gain back will be visible. Is that a 2Q or a 4Q timeframe? And then on the restructuring, is the additional savings a function of reacting to the market and it being a bit more challenging. You made it seem like it was just more savings that you found through your planning process? So thank you for your thoughts on those two points.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So as far as when we should start to see on the market share perspective, we should take a couple of quarters to start seeing it, and a couple of quarters beyond that effort to be recovered, if you will. So that's what you should generally expect to see and what we've seen in the past. As far as the restructuring and having additional restructuring dollars we basically -- as we were entering the year, we wanted to make sure that we had multiple levers to pull and we've had a number of restructuring actions and ideas over the coming few years and we look to see how can we accelerate those actions, given the -- what we thought might be a more challenging environment. This is a key strategy for us around driving productivity relentlessly and we've got a number of ideas and so it's really around the acceleration of those. It's not, I would say, in response to the current environment, it's more of an acceleration to ensure we are competitive and can grow profitably in the base, and continue to invest in the high value segments, to be able to drive the outsized growth both there as well as in the emerging markets.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ghansham Panjabi of Baird. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi : I guess, Mitch, on Slide 5 where you kind of break out the organic sales change on a quarterly basis, just looking at last year, clearly 2Q was sort of the high watermark for organic sales, but very, very tough comp, to a lesser extent in 3Q as well. Should we expect the cadence for this year to kind of mirror the inverse of that, just based on what you're seeing on the macro or -- because presumably pricing would also sort of phase down just the comps and also what you're seeing on raw material costs as well?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So, if you look at the -- I think what you're asking is because we had a high level of our organic growth in Q2. What does that create a tough comp? Is that what you're asking Ghansham?
Ghansham Panjabi : Yes.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So yes and no, that was comping 2017 where we had an abnormally low level of growth. So there is quite a few moving factors, if you recall, around price increases in various regions that caused pull forward as well as timing of holidays particularly impacted '17 which impacts those '18's growth rates. So I would say that you'd expect as far as going forward, particularly in LGM, to see an increase in the organic growth rate through the year as we go forward.
Ghansham Panjabi : Okay, was just trying to clarify, thank you. And then just, in your prepared comments, you had touched on RFID and the pipeline already up 15% or so, so far this year. How should we interpret that in terms of that level of pipeline growth so early in the year versus your guidance for 20% plus growth in that for RFID for -- on an annual basis? Should we expect it to be higher this year or just -- is that just sort of the normal pipeline filled and that's really for future growth, beyond just this year.
Greg Lovins: Okay. Yes, so the pipeline. I mean, it's up 15% to roughly already just in the first few months, as you said, and it's up more than 50% from where we were a year ago. This is really around our efforts around the investments we've made in business development in categories outside of apparel, while also continuing to leverage our strength within apparel. So these are early stage. And just like with apparel, the areas outside of apparel will take a few years to really get meaningful revenue. But that's how you should think about it, is that we see great amount of traction and progress for growth in the coming years around apparel and we're looking to build the next waves beyond that. And as far as specifically the revenue growth, we've said that our target is 15% to 20% plus over the long term. We deliver more than 20% last year and again in Q1 and our target is to deliver the 20% plus this year as well, for the full year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Josephson of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson : Mitch or Greg, just question on raw materials, I think you both mentioned they were down I think modestly sequentially in 1Q. And I think Greg you said you're assuming relative stability thereafter. We follow the global paper markets, there has been quite a bit of weakness in paper prices globally year-to-date and chemicals, to a lesser extent. Can you just help us with what you saw in 1Q sequentially and why you're perhaps not assuming more sequential deflation later in the year, given what's happening to paper prices?
Greg Lovins: Yes. So sequentially, as I mentioned, we did see some favorability from Q4 to Q1. And Adam, I think you mentioned it was mostly for us in chemicals and films, a little bit in paper as well, differs depending on the region in paper but globally a little bit of favorability in paper. So we did see -- we start to see some of that sequential favorability. We expect a little bit more sequential favorability in Q2. Still figuring out exactly how that will land, I think Mitch has mentioned that a few minutes ago. And then right now we're -- right now our projection for the back half is to stay relatively stable. We don't have visibility much past what's happening over the next couple months. So right now, we're expecting to be relatively stable over the back half with some improvement here in the first half, sequentially.
Adam Josephson : Thanks, Greg. And just in terms of your organic sales growth guidance of 3.5%. I think last quarter when it was 4%, you said about 2.5% is volume, 1.5% is price, correct me if I'm wrong there. What is -- what do you expect the composition to be now?
Greg Lovins: Yes, Adam, so we still expect, I think from LGM perspective, last quarter we said 1 to 1.5 points of price. We still expect a point or so of price in the year within our guidance range for LGM in particular.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John P. McNulty of BMO. Please go ahead.
John McNulty : With regard to the share loss or share shifts away, where there any regional specifics on that, that you can give us or was it broad-based?
Mitch Butier: We saw it in a number of regions and part of this is also, we don't have firm market data for Q1 in all of our regions yet. So we are hypothesizing what we think the market did. But we think we saw some share loss in a couple of -- in multiple regions because the inflation was kind of happening globally at the same time and our behavior and strategies in each region was consistent around multiple price increases, and we took the risk concurrently. In North America and Asia, we're comping a little bit -- some higher share that we had in early last year. Again, share points tend to move around a little bit when you go through this period of change, but we saw relatively broad based and some of this is based on hypothesis because we don't have all the firm market data yet for Q1.
John McNulty : Got it, got it. And then, just with regard to uses of cash, I think we haven't seen much in the way of M&A recently from you and I think last quarter you kind of highlighted that, look it's always hard to time these things. But I guess, can you give us an update on the pipeline in terms of -- in terms of what you see out there and whether it's a target rich environment or if things, maybe given the macro have, have been rolled back a little bit.
Mitch Butier: We still have a good pipeline from an M&A perspective. The -- I'd say, level of interaction has actually increased pace over the last three to six months. You can't tell the timing of these things, as you said. But yeah, that's basically more interaction, more discussions and dialog and we've got a full pipeline and we're -- we see attractive opportunities to continue to leverage our core capabilities, expand on our core capabilities, and increase our exposure to high value segments through M&A, but we will be disciplined in our execution of that strategy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan Securities, please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas : Thanks very much. Your LTM volumes were down a little bit in the first quarter and you do have a difficult comparison in the second quarter, maybe your volumes last year grew 6%. So my guess is, you're probably going to be flat or down in volumes, again, in the second quarter. And you have a reasonable tough comparison in the third quarter. So it looks like volume growth in label and graphic materials will be maybe down a little bit or flat or up a tiny bit in 2019. What makes this year so different than previous years, when you were growing 4% or 5% in volume terms?
Mitch Butier: Yes, I think overall there is two factors, the market being a bit softer is what we saw late last year and beginning to see, and so that would be -- made in the markets down and then specifically around our share, is the other position that we've talked through, and it will take us a few quarters to recover that. So those are the two factors of why our volumes will be down for the year relative to last year. And you're right, Q2 is not an easy comp by any stretch. I was -- my comment earlier responding to Ghansham's question is that we're somewhat comping a little bit easier comps from the previous year. But it's definitely, I would say, more normalized last year and our growth rate in LGM specifically you'd expect to ramp beginning from where we were in Q1 of 2019.
Greg Lovins: Driving our growth rate last year and continuing here, as I mentioned in the first quarter is continued strength in our higher value segments within LGM, so we grew roughly mid-single-digits in LGM this quarter on high value segments. And in some of the categories like our specialty label categories over the course of last year and the course of Q1, we're kind of high single to low-double digits even. So we feel good about continuing to drive strong growth in the higher value segments within LGM and that's part of what's helped us deliver the stronger growth last year and it gives us some more confidence this year as well.
Jeff Zekauskas : So I think in March, US box shipments were down about 4%, do you view that as an indicator of that and some way coincides or provides insight into the growth rates of your LGM business in North America, or do you see it as not a relevant indicator?
Mitch Butier: No, we'd look at that as one factor. There is not one or two key indicators for the industry, but that's a factor of overall -- it's just shipping activity and business activity and so forth. So we do see that as an indicator. We also look at what CPG firms are reporting as far as unit volumes and so forth and you're seeing in household and personal care categories, for example, some low revenue growth, but that's actually all price as well and volumes. If you look at the US, they're down modestly particularly in the categories that we feed. So I'd say the macro indicators, you highlighted one Jeff, and some others are what the other data points we look at to understand what's going on in the macro and how it affects, specifically, our industry and our business.
Cindy Guenther : One important point, Jeff, on the box shipments is that variable information -- material for variable information labels is less than 20% of LGM sales, so important to keep that in mind.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Chris Kapsch of Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Chris Kapsch : Yes. So a question, sort of follow up to some of the commentary, but just in terms of the where you saw the business when you provided guidance at the end of January relative to the way the first quarter has developed. Is there a region that is -- and this is focused on LGM, but a region that where weakness is more pronounced than other areas, relative to prior expectations?
Mitch Butier: Yes, Chris, I don't know that it's any one region in particular, I think we saw a little bit of softness, as we mentioned, across the US, across Europe, and across China. So just -- each of them are little bit softer than we had probably expected at the beginning of the quarter. I don't think it's one region specific.
Chris Kapsch : Okay. And then the follow-up is focused on this. The market share that you ceded in LGM and I guess more in the commoditized roll-label materials, is there -- as you plan to pick some of that market share back up, is there a region that you're more motivated to gain share back relative to other regions and/or is there a region where the share loss was just more pronounced than other regions? Thank you.
Mitch Butier: So overall, I'd say our focus is broad based. We are the market leader in each region of the world and we've -- given the scale advantages that affords, we will -- we are focused on building upon our position of strength here. And that's -- so that's broad based. As far as any particular region, there is not a particular region I would say played out one more than the other. And again, we don't yet have all the market share data and that will obviously be input as we work through that and determining the exact precise strategy region by region. But even, when you break it down further, we have thousands of customers. There is lots of different product segments. So when you breakdown down Europe, it's -- Northern Europe is very different from Southern Europe and so forth, and so we look at it at a micro level to work through the strategy. But at a high level, broad based we're going to be deploying, broadly the same strategy globally.
Operator: Thank you. We now have a follow-up question from George Staphos, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, please go ahead.
George Staphos : Hi, thanks for taking the follow-ons. Mitch, to the extent that you can comment; Greg, to the extent you can comment, the incremental restructuring savings, were they -- are they sourced from different buckets, the proverbial term or they -- how would you have us think about this additional amount relative to what was planned for this year. That's question number one. And then, same area in terms of margin, when we look at IHM, the margin expansion was better than our model, it's neither here nor there. But was the margin expansion that you saw in the quarter ahead of your expectations? Was it in line and what in particular has been two or three tactics that has been helping you in that segment in terms of recovering profitability? Thank you.
Greg Lovins: Sure George, this is Greg. So on the incremental restructuring I think it's probably largely in SG&A and pretty much spread across the Materials businesses. So, at the beginning of the year, as Mitch talked about, we had some ideas and plan that we accelerated, some of that in IHM which kind of feeds into your second question about part of why we're continuing to be confident in growing the margin there and hitting the 10% target we have for this year, and then, some of that in LGM really across the region. So it's not one specific action and it's a number of smaller actions spread across both of our materials businesses and regions. In IHM, as you said, we feel good about the margin trajectory we had in the first quarter, we continue to target 10% margin for the full year this year and it's a combination of things helping us deliver that. I think we talked about before. Maybe that's we're following tactics we used in RBIS a few years ago, around simplifying organization structure, moving decision-making closer to our customers in the regions where we have that contract with the customer, improving our speed, improving our efficiency from that perspective and improving our cost. So we're focused on that in addition to some of the segmentation initiatives, looking at pricing and complexity reduction where necessary, so really a combination of factors helping us -- giving us confidence in our ability to grow the IHM margins as we move through the year.
George Staphos : In some ways it's a playbook from RBIS. Anyway, thanks. I'll turn it over.
Greg Lovins: Yes, exactly.
Mitch Butier: Indeed.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Butier, there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back to you for any closing remarks.
Mitch Butier : Okay. Well, thank you everybody for joining the call. Again, another solid quarter, a quarter of -- despite the some soft top line in the materials business, I think we've demonstrated the resiliency of the business and our ability to deliver on our commitments and we are committed to delivering our long-term objectives and confident in our ability to do so, given our exposure to high value segments and ability to drive outsized growth there as well as the emerging market exposure and to continue to deliver top quartile returns. So thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-30 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Avery Dennisons Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year Ended December 29, 2018. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 11:00 AM Pacific Time today till midnight Pacific time February 2. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or +1-402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21896767. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennisons Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance. Please go ahead, madam.
Cynthia Guenther: Thanks Susie. Today, well discuss our preliminary unaudited fourth quarter and full year results. Please note that throughout todays discussion, well be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A-4 to A-8 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release and the appendix of our supplemental presentation material. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in todays earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Now, Ill turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, Cindy, and good day, everyone. Im pleased to report our seventh consecutive year of strong top line growth, margin expansion, and double-digit adjusted EPS growth. Our Label and Graphics Materials business delivered strong performance in the year of significant raw material inflation, retail branding and information solutions posted both strong top line growth and significant margin expansion and Industrial and Healthcare Materials made solid progress with its margin turnaround in the back half. 2018 marked an important milestone for the company at the final year of measurement for the five year financial targets, we communicated in early 2014. This is the second long-term performance cycle we've completed since first introducing this discipline back in 2012 and I'm pleased to report that we once again achieved our company goals. Importantly, we are also on track to achieve our five-year goals through 2021. Our consistent performance reflects the resilience of our industry-leading market position. The strategic foundations we've laid and our agile and talented workforce. Our strategic playbook continues to work for us as we focus on four overarching priorities, driving outsized growth and high value product categories, growing profitably in our base businesses, relentlessly pursuing productivity improvement and remaining disciplined in our approach to capital management. In 2018, we made good progress on all four of the strategic pillars. We delivered organic growth of 5.5% reflecting continued solid growth in our base businesses and continuing above average volume growth from emerging markets and high value categories such as specially labels and RFID. Emerging markets in high-value categories remain our two key catalysts for GDP plus growth across our entire portfolio. Roughly half of our total sales are linked to one or both of these catalysts. In 2018, high-value categories continue to grow at a high single-digit pace with RFID now contributing nearly a full point to total company sales growth and emerging market volume once again grew faster than average. Importantly, our end market exposure in emerging regions is quite broad based with relatively even balance among China, South Asia and a combination of Latin America and Eastern Europe. Equally important to topline results, we also maintain our strong focus on continuous productivity improvement. The combination of product reengineering, restructuring and the deployment of lean operating principles contributed significantly to our results in 2018. This focus remains key to our long-term success, not just as a means to expand margins, but to enhance our competitiveness and to provide a funding source for reinvestment. Now looking at how these strategies played out in each of our segments. Label and Graphics Materials delivered another year of strong top-line growth, reflecting above-average volume growth in emerging markets in high value categories, as well as pricing. Specialty labels led the way for LGM high-value categories with organic growth of roughly 10% while Graphics and Reflectives grew at a solid mid-single digit pace. Strength in emerging markets was led by South Asia and Latin America, while China was up mid-single digits. Mature regions delivered solid organic growth in 2018. Now while organic growth was strong overall for the year, our volume growth did moderate a bit in both Europe and China in the second half. This trend is reflected in our guidance assumptions for LGM for 2019.LGMs operating margin remained strong in this high return business, a significant result given that raw material inflation came in much higher than we anticipated at the start of the year. Keeping up with significant and persistent inflation required multiple price increases in every region of the world over the past 18 months as well as of course our continued focus on innovative product reengineering. Overall another strong year for LGM. Retail Branding and Information Solutions delivered both strong top line growth and significant margin expansion driven by continued execution of our transformation strategy and continued strength in RFID. In the base business, sales increased across all product categories, reflecting broad-based growth and performance athletic, premium and the value channels. Our ability to grow our base business here in the face of a challenging retail environment underscores the success of our multi-year transformation strategy as our improvements in service, flexibility and speed continue to resonate with our customers. And RFID grew by more than 20% in 2018, topping $300 million for the year. As you know apparel represents the vast majority of our total RFID sales today driving most of the growth last year. Outside of apparel, we're seeing early stage traction in multiple categories including food, beauty and aviation which collectively contributed 2 points of growth for the year in RFID. Our pipeline continues to expand across all categories, driving our confidence that RFID will continue to deliver 15% to 20% plus growth annually. We continue to increase our level of investment to support this growth as we build our intelligent label's platform, to enable a future where every item can have a digital twin and a digital life. RBIS is adjusted operating margin expanded another 170 basis points, not only beating the high end of our long-term 2018 target range but also hitting the middle of our 2020 one target range ahead of schedule. The team has done a tremendous job transforming RBIS into a simpler, faster, and more competitive business over the past three years and we're pleased with the momentum that we're seeing here. Turning to Industrial and Healthcare Materials. As you know it was a challenging year for IHM and results fell short of our goals. That said our top line challenges mostly limited to the business serving the China auto market. Elsewhere, we progressed well. Our industrial businesses in both North America and Europe grew organically at mid-single-digit rate with improved profitability in the second half and our medical business part of the total healthcare category grew high single-digits organically. We obviously have more work to do to achieve our 2021 targets, we've set for IHM. I remain confident well achieve these goals just as I was with RBIS a few years back. And I've covered the first three of our strategic pillars driving outsized growth in high value products, growing profitably in the base, and relentlessly pursuing productivity gains. Now, Ill cover the fourth pillar, highly disciplined capital management. In terms of the investments were making for organic growth and productivity, our primary focus has been capacity as an emerging region for LGM, recapitalizing LGMs European and North American footprint and investing in both capacity and business development globally for RFID. Carefully planned and executed M&A is another key element of our disciplined capital allocation strategy, though we didn't complete any acquisitions in 2018, our strategy here has not changed. We look for opportunities to increase our exposure to high value-add segments as well as to expand and leverage our core capabilities. And finally, we continue to be disciplined in our approach to returning cash to shareholders, and as a result significantly accelerate the stock buyback in the fourth quarter. In addition to the progress made toward our 2021 strategic and financial goals, we are also making solid progress towards our 2025 sustainability goals. Just to hit a few highlights. We've reduced our greenhouse gas emissions by 25% since 2015, roughly 80% of our paper is now Forest Stewardship Council certified, and more than 90% of our operations are now landfill free. Looking ahead, we are focused on tackling industry wide challenges with a particular focus on packaging recyclability, by leveraging our existing products and capabilities and developing new opportunities through collaboration with our customers and partners. Summing up, I'm pleased with the progress we've made toward our long-term goals, as we continue to deliver consistent GDP plus organic growth and top core tile returns on capital. For 2019, we will continue to make progress toward these goals with the midpoint point of our adjusted EPS range up 12% before the headwind from currency translation. Now while we expect the external environment may prove more challenging this year, we are prepared for it commercially, operationally, and financially, and we will seek opportunities to lean forward even if others may pull back. Now, I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, Mitch and hello everybody. Ill first provide some additional color on our performance against our long-term goals, and then we walk through fourth quarter performance and our outlook for 2019. As Mitch said, 2018 was an important milestone for the company as the final year of measurement for the five year financial targets we communicated in early 2014. And as we noted we achieved all of our targets. If you turn to Slide 7 of the supplemental materials, you'll see our scorecard. Sales grew more than 4% organically and reported operating margin hit 10% or 11% on an adjusted basis. And adjusted EPS grew 18% annually over the past five years and at the same time we expanded return on total capital over this period by 8 full points to 19% in 2018. And our balance sheet remains strong with our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio on the low end of our targeted range for 2018. In March of 2017, we introduced a new set of long-term targets extending our planning horizon to 2021. As you can see on slide 8, now two years into this cycle, we are on pace to achieve these goals as well. Given the diversity of our end markets, our strong competitive advantages and our resilience as an organization to adjust course when needed, we're confident in our ability to deliver to a wide range of business cycles. At the same time that we communicated our financial targets through 2021, we also laid out a five year plan for capital allocation which you can see on slide 9. We've put a total of $1.7 billion to work over the first two years of this cycle, allocating it very much in line with our long-term plan. This plan reflects our goal to deliver top quartile returns relative to capital market peers, a position we have maintained while increasing our pace of investment for both organic growth and M&A. And further our current leverage position gives us ample capacity to continue investing in organic growth and acquisitions, while also continuing to return cash to shareholders in a disciplined way and we are clearly in excellent shape to take advantage of any dislocations in the market should they occur over the next few years. Now let's focus on the fourth quarter. Overall our financial results were solid. Reported earnings per share was $1.11 including a net $0.37 hit from the combined effects of the pension settlement and tax benefits from a discrete tax planning action in TCJA estimate revision. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.52, a few cents better than our expectations in a 14% compared to prior year driven by both sales growth and margin expansion. We grew sales by 4.8% on an organic basis as currency translation reduced reported sales growth by 2.9 points in the quarter. Currency translation represented a roughly $0.6 headwind to EPS compared to the same period last year which by the way exactly offset the benefit from the lower adjusted tax rate. Adjusted operating margin increased by 50 basis points to 11.1% as the benefits from higher volume and productivity were partially offset by higher employee related costs. And we realized $5 million of net restructuring savings in the quarter. Gross savings most of which benefited RBIS were partially offset by roughly $4 million of transition costs for LGMs footprint action in Europe. And note that while we will incur an additional $10 million of transition costs in the first half of 2019 for this project with savings ramping up in the second half. So turning now to cash generation and allocation, excluding the $200 million contribution to the U.S. Pension Plan, free cash flow for the full year was $429 million, up by roughly $8 million compared to the prior year. As weve discussed, we've increased our pace of fixed capital and IT related spending this year with growth capital spending up by about $30 million to support both organic growth and margin expansion. And we continue to return cash to shareholders with a higher dividend in share repurchases. We significantly accelerated the pace of share buyback during the fourth quarter to $218 million. For the full year, we repurchased roughly 4 million shares at an aggregate cost of $393 million and paid $175 million in dividends. So collectively we returned a total of $568 million to shareholders in 2018, roughly two times the amount we distributed the year before. So let me now turn to the segment results for the quarter. Label and Graphic Material sales increased by 4.7% on an organic basis driven largely by price. High value categories once again grew faster than the base business. Breaking down LGMs organic growth in the quarter by region North America was up high single-digits and Western Europe grew at a low single-digit rate. Growth in emerging markets was mid-single-digits with continued strength in South Asia and Latin America and China grew mid-single-digits including a benefit from the timing of sales due to pre-buy in the prior year. On a normalized basis the trend in China slowed relative to the first half. Operating margin for the segment was strong, up 40 basis points on an adjusted basis to 12.9% as the benefits of productivity increased volume and the net impact of pricing and raw material costs more than offset to higher employee related expense and transition costs associated with the European restructuring. Looking sequentially raw material input costs are relatively stable in the fourth quarter, and we realized the benefit from our pricing actions driving much of the anticipated rebound in our margin from the Q3 level. With the benefit of recent pricing actions we expect to substantially covered the effect of the past 18 months of inflation. Shifting out to Retail Branding and Information Solutions, RBS delivered another quarter of strong top line growth up 6.9% on an organic basis driven by both RFID and the base business. Total RFID sales were up 20% for the quarter. The vast majority of which benefited RBIS, driven largely by European brands and retailers. Adjusted operating margin for the segment expanded by 10 basis points to 12.2% as the benefits from increased volume in productivity were largely offset by higher employee related costs and growth related investments, which ramped up over the course of the year. And finally turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment, sales grew 0.7% on an organic basis. As mid-single digit organic growth for industrial categories in North America and Europe as well as for healthcare globally was mostly offset by weakness in industrial products for the China market. Though this category represents only about 10% of IHMs total sales that is less than 1% of the company's total sales, we experienced a significant decline in these products due to the drop in Chinese auto production. We made good progress on the margin for an IHM adjusted operating margin increased by 170 basis points to 9.6% driven by productivity improvement. We faced a modest headwind from raw material cost of net of pricing in the quarter, but expect to realize sufficient price increases in 2019 to cover this gap. I spend a lot of time meeting with our teams in IGM over the past six months. We're sharpening our commercial focusing capabilities, improving our cost position, simplifying our organization structure and further aligning our operations teams with LGM to leverage our strength there. And I remain confident in our ability to achieve our long-term goals of 4% to 5% plus organic growth with the operating margin gradually expanding to LGMs level or better by 2021. So turning now to the outlook for 2019. We anticipate adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $6.45 to $6.70. The midpoint of our range reflects organic growth for LGM near the lower end of its long-term target range. While we assume RBS will come in above the high end of its long-term range reflecting continued strength in RFiD. We have outlined some of the key contributing factors to this guidance on slide 15 of our supplemental presentation materials. We estimate that organic sales growth will be approximately 4%, and currency translation would be at a roughly 2.5% headwind to reported sales growth. With the pretax operating income hit of $25 million and we estimate incremental pre-tax savings from restructuring net of transition costs will contribute about $35 billion due to the timing of these actions and related transition costs roughly 75% of the full year net savings from restructuring will be realized in the back half of the year, and we expect the adjusted tax rate in the mid-20s in line with 2018, and with the large non-cash charge associated with the pension termination well likely see a low single-digit reported effective tax rate. And we expect interest expense roughly $75 million to $80 million reflecting higher debt at the end of 2018 due to the pension contribution in Q3 and accelerated share buyback in the fourth quarter as well as a higher average interest rate on total debt. And we anticipate spending $275 million to $285 million in fixed capital and IT projects consistent with our five year capital allocation plans, and we estimated average shares outstanding assuming dilution of $84 million $85 million. As previously discussed, we expect to complete the process of terminating our U.S. pension plan resulting in pre-tax non-cash charge estimated at $490 million during the first quarter with an estimated after tax EPS or roughly $3.55. And finally given the timing of the impacts from currency translation and restructuring actions our projected earnings growth is significantly weighted to the back half of the year. In summary, we're pleased with the strategic and financial progress we made against our long term goals in 2018, and we are committed to delivering exceptional value to our strategies for long-term profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation. Now well open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question coming from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Ghansham Panjabi: Yes. So, I guess first-off on the core sales growth to 4% for 2019. How does that break out between the segments from a growth standpoint and also how much of that 4% do you expect will come from price, just kind of the flow through from your pricing actions late in 2018?
Greg Lovins: Yes, Ghansham, so this is Greg. For LGM we expect to be as I said close to the low end of our long-term target range in terms of organic growth in 2019. And for RBIS, were expecting to be above the high end of our range, really driven by continued strength in RFID. And our IHM, we're continuing to expect some softness here in the first part of the year, driven by continued softness in China automotive and looking for that to turn around a little bit in the back half as we start to lap some of that and potentially see some impacts on China automotive or some of the actions that they're taking there to improve that market. So, overall LGM coming in around the low end of its range, RBIS a little bit above the high end of its range. And then the pricing contribution.
Mitch Butier: So price, so in LGM we'll see price carryover I think in the 1% to 1.5% range in 2019 and volume growth accordingly after that. So again coming in overall closer to 4% in LGM with price above 1.5% year-over-year mainly driven by the carryover actions that we've implemented.
Greg Lovins: Then I guess just as a follow up question related to the first one, you've been very consistent with the core sales growth over the last seven years as you sort of highlighted in your slide deck. What gives you confidence that youll be able to continue that in 2019 given that there are two very large economies in China and certainly the EMEA region that have slowed? Just help us think through that from a high level standpoint. Thanks so much.
Mitch Butier: I guess overall Ghansham, the guidance that weve reflected is largely volume and it basically comes from our two covets for consistent GDP plus growth being in high value segments as well as emerging markets and our broad exposure is largely tied to consumables which tend not to move as much even in periods of uncertainty. So thats what gives us the confidence of what were being going to be able to deliver here.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Edlain Rodriguez with UBS Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Edlain Rodriguez: A quick one on LGM. I mean for the fourth quarter youve noted that the organic growth was mostly from pricing. So was there any volume growth in any of the regions or any of the products or is it purely pricing that you got in 4Q.
Mitch Butier: Yes we did a volume growth in the quarter in LGM in the low single digit range. So I think price was a bit more impact in the quarter than volume, but overall volume growth was in the low single digit range in the quarter overall for LGM.
Edlain Rodriguez: And one or BIS, as youve noted like the margins are almost at your target for 2021. So do you see, I mean can you improve from where you are right now or do they stay where they are in terms of those margins?
Mitch Butier: Yes. I think youve seen over the past we dont consider the margin targets that we set as limitations. There are expectations we have and commitments that we make and so we definitely have quickly moved to exceed the 2018 long-term target we establish and are quickly a little bit above the midpoint. So right now our focus is getting to the high-end as the long-term targeted range and then once we get there, we'll look at reassessing our sites from there.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: I wanted to spend the first question on the restructuring benefits and the cadence when we should expect over 2019. So just being simplistic about it guys in the first half of the year we should expect all else equal about $19 million of negative comparisons  from the transition costs since we're netting to $35 million for the year. Does that mean that we're well over $50 million positive in the second half which then would have a residual until 2020? Am I thinking about that correctly?
Greg Lovins: Yes, I think - so George I think our transition cost in the first half, we're expecting to be around $10 million related to the European restructuring. So that would be the headwind in the first half. And in the second half, we'll see the benefit of that project, as savings start to kick in the second half and that also comes some transition costs we had in the back half of 2018. So the first half well see a headwind and in the second half we'll start to see the benefits from that action. So as about three quarters of the net savings will be in the second half of the year.
George Staphos: The other question I had and then I'll turn over. Can you give us some color - Ric, I know its really early in 2019. What kind of volume rates, what kind of exit rates did we see across China both in LGM and IHM in some of the end markets can provide that, thatd be great? Thank you.
Mitch Butier: Yes, so overall as far as the volume trends that we saw within China, within LGM in the second half, we had some lumpiness as Gregs and weve talked about between last quarter and this quarter because of pre-bias around pricing and so forth, but low single digits which is below the long-term trend we have seen and expect to see long term, so low single digits for volume trends in LGM and then within the industrial automotive that was down 20% reflecting the big decline in auto builds that you've seen in China. Now I remind you that the auto exposure to China is 1% of the total company revenue, but just if you want to focus in on that, that's what we're seeing.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of John McNulty with BMO. Please proceed with your question.
John McNulty: Thanks for taking my question. It looks like you're making some headway in the IHM segment. I guess now that things have kind of started to write in terms of the ship there. I guess how should we think about the improvement through to your 2021 targets like is this something that we can kind of think of as a linear margin improvement or is it going to be a little bit lumpy or I guess how should we be thinking about that?
Greg Lovins: Yes, I think so from where we finished 2018 to our progress towards 2021. As we said, we're still confident we'll be within our target range in 2021, but wed expect that progress to be more steady across the next couple of years, so we do see continuing to make progress from 2018 to 2019 targeting somewhere around 10% margin in IHM in 2019 and looking to continue making steady progress from there as we progress towards 2021.
John McNulty: And then just a question on the margins in RBIS, I mean you are at your 2021 target already. I guess if you kind of looking back I guess what got you there faster than you expected was it the mix of RFID or was it higher sales volumes in general or efficiency, I guess? What are kind of the bigger buckets where maybe youre a little bit surprised in terms of how quickly it happened and I guess, help to put that in perspective as we look forward where there may be future improvement?
Mitch Butier: It's really both, the transformation that we've been driving in the base and RFID. And a few years ago when we embarked on the transformation, we made some pretty significant strategic adjustments to move decisions closer to the market get faster, simpler, more competitive. We've talked about all of that in the past. And we saw a huge opportunity in doing so. And it's just, I'd say, we're meeting -- hitting our aspirations there and exceeding the commitments. And then RFID, weve said we expect to grow 15% to 20% plus and it's been growing 20% or more over the last couple of years and that clearly is having a big overall lift to the overall business. So it's basically both items and for us it's really about how do we continue to raise the bar and continue to execute to find the optimum balance here between top line margins and capital efficiency within the business.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Just looking at your CapEx guidance, you're stepping up again in 2019. I'm just wondering if it's possible to say if there are large projects that are part of that, or regions or categories where you're specifically accelerating investments versus the last couple of years.
Mitch Butier: Sure. The biggest investments coming from the North America expansion that we've talked about previously, that's coming through as well some investments in South Asia in particular that we are making those are some of the bigger items.
Anthony Pettinari: And then maybe just shipping gears to RFID. You talked about the growth opportunities in non-apparel categories. Is it possible to say, you know our margins in the non-apparel categories, would you expect them to be sort of similar, little bit better, maybe a little bit worse than the apparel segment?
Greg Lovins: We'd expect them to be similar and that's what we're experiencing today though it's less than 10% of the total revenue right now. But, yes we would expect them to be similar.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Gaffner: You should be doing great. Its a strong quarter. Greg, you mentioned in your commentary about, you know through the fourth quarter, you felt like you were back to where you needed to be from a price cost perspective, but can you talk about it, where you have actually positive price cost spread in 2018 and do you think there's any carry over from a price cost spread perspective into 2019?
Mitch Butier: So I think we entered, we ended 2018 a little bit short from a cumulative in terms of covering the inflation we've seen with pricing as well as material reengineering as we've talked in the past. We do expect that with the pricing actions, we took at the tail end of 2019, most of which went into effect in Q4 very early here in 2019, so that will help close the gap that we had cumulatively from the inflation that we've seen over the last 18 months or so. As we ended Q4, we saw inflation relatively stable for us. And right now, Q4 to Q1 we've continued to see relatively stable raw materials as well so assuming there nothing changes there - we expect to be largely covered by the pricing actions that we've implemented at this point.
Scott Gaffner: And then just focusing on share repurchases for a second. And just when we look at the timing of that, I mean I know you have an intrinsic value model that - but it gives you - buy signal or not? But was there anything else in regards to the return of capital in the fourth quarter? And sort of how should we think about the repurchases going forward? Is there anything built into the $84 million to $85 million share assumption for 2019? Thanks, guys.
Mitch Butier: Yes, I don't think a thing anything out of our normal practice, so you know historically as we've said, we'll look to continue managing share buyback based on our intrinsic value models as well as using a buyback grade and in periods where we may see the stock accelerating, we might decelerate our buybacks a bit, if we see the stock decelerating that may increase a little bit. And I think that's what you saw here happen in 2018. And so nothing unusual in terms of how we approach that in the past and our expectation is we said with the share count range that, I gave in the guidance is what you would expect us to purchase in 2019.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Zekauskas: In describing the profit - prospects for LGM you said that it would be if the lower end of its longer term range and RBIS would be above its longer term range. Can you discuss the factors behind those two claims? What what lies LGM below and why is RBIS above for 2019?
Greg Lovins: Yes. I think so for RBIS, I think its extended strength we see in RFID as we continue to target the 15% to 20% or higher growth there in RFID, as well as some of the strength in the base of apparel business that we saw as we coming out of 2018. In LGM as we've talked about we're looking at 1.5 or 1 to 1.5 of price next year for this year in 2019. And you know it's alluded to a couple of times a little bit of softness we saw in some of the markets in China, Europe, et cetera as we ended 2018, so a little bit more cautious on the volume as we go into 2019, offset by some of the carryover pricing actions as we mentioned here. So overall that's the direction on the 4% growth roughly for LGM in 2019.
Mitch Butier: And the only thing to add Jeff, the expectation outlook for LGM for 2019 is just for 2019 given some of the macro uncertainty we're seeing now. From a long-term perspective we still expect this business to grow between 4% to 5% organically.
Jeff Zekauskas: And from my follow up in your funds flow statement your changes in assets and liabilities and other adjustments was almost negative $400 million and I guess maybe there's $200 million of pension in there, so maybe it nets out negative $190 million or negative $200 million ex-pension. What's the number for next year, you know, that is are you still going to have a large negative value there or is it smaller or positive?
Mitch Butier: Yes, Jeff, so I think that was mainly driven as you said by the pension adjustments as well as some tax items related to the pension adjustments that moved that so much year-over-year. I think if I could step back broadly for 2019, if I think about free cash flow, we'd expect free cash flow to see somewhat of a modest improvement in 2019 versus where we were in 2018. As we look at continuing to spend a little bit more in capital investments as Mitch mentioned earlier in his comment. We also expect to have some of the cash restructuring charges 00:39:28 European action that we announced a year ago. Much of that cash will hit us in 2019. So, we see some continued improvement on our profit side as weve talked about and then well have some higher CapEx and a little bit higher restructuring cost. Overall, expect a modest improvement in free cash flow in 2019.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Josephson: Just Greg or Mitch, just back to, following up on one of Jeff's questions about your volume expectations for China and Europe specifically. Can you just give us some sense of roughly what those expectations are just compared to what kind of volume growth you've seen in China, in Europe in the years past, just again given everyone's concerns about weakness in China, in Europe?
Mitch Butier: So overall versus what we've seen in years past, well talk about them separately. China, we talked about that growing mid to upper single digit growth trends, up until a couple of years ago and it's been a mid-single digit growth, kind of market since then. And then we saw in the second half, it start to, it declined to low single digit levels reflecting all that we're seeing going on within China. We expect the long term 00:40:56 return to a mid-single digit growth market overall. So, we're seeing that in the second half of 2018. So, I would expect that to kind of continue at least as we comp the tougher comps in Q1 in the first half. But obviously, we have limited forward visibility. So that's kind of what we're seeing and what we're thinking. China Automotive, very small part of the business, it was down pretty significant, will comp through that hereafter the first quarter or so. And I know that Chinese government is putting a new incentives around automobile manufacturing and so forth. As we, so thats something else that may have an impact. So overall, if we expect China to continue to be a long term, a very good market for us here in the near term growing, but at a lower pace. Europe, same thing. We saw the volumes growth moderate a bit in the second half. And we're expecting that may continue here into the first part of the year with Brexit and everything else going on. And then if you think about long-term Europe, up until a year or so ago, had been growing faster than we would otherwise expect. And Im talking at the market level and now its growing in the low single digit level, which is what weve consistently expected up until again the last four months or so when its gotten very low-single digits if you will. So that is our - what we're seeing. And we're basically assuming a continuation of that at least for the first part of the year, depending on if you're at the low end of our guidance range, it be continuing a little bit longer with the high end of the guidance range, it would correct itself rather quickly.
Adam Josephson: And just Greg on the price cost question, someone asked before just to make sure I understood. So it sounds like it was a slight negative for the year as a whole, and it cracked me from a you're expecting it to be roughly neutral in 2019 and just relatedly in some paper markets are coming under pretty significant pressure. Same on the chemical side, so are you seeing any relief on it  on paper and chemicals, and you mentioned I think inflation would be flat sequentially 4Q to 1Q, but just a little more on your price cost expectations for 2019 would be really helpful. Thank you.
Greg Lovins: Sure I am. So yes, as I said, we ended Q4 is still a little bit short of covering for the year. And in the quarter, but again we expected pricing actions, we took in the back half of the year, which went into place and largely in Q4.but again, we expected price deductions we took in the back half of the year, which went into place, largely in Q4 with those pricing actions we expect to build recovery and be a little bit favorable then in 2019. In terms of what were seeing in the material markets, I think sequentially Q3 to Q4, we saw just a little bit of favorability on chemicals, a little bit of unfavorability on paper. And right now as we've gone from Q4 to Q1, it's a little bit of the same trend, but overall relatively minimal impact sequentially Q3 to Q4 and then Q4 to Q1 at this point in time with what we've seen.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with G. Research. Please proceed with your question.
Rosemarie Morbelli: I was wondering looking at RBIS, if you could - you have expressed strong gain in the share base  share again. And I was wondering if you could give us more details regarding the product line submarkets, geographies, where you are gaining share?
Mitch Butier: Yes. Our share gain in the base is pretty broad based across multiple customer categories as well as all the various product categories and it really just goes back dramatically to the strength of our position being in every region of the world and our focus around speed and lower cost competitiveness is really resonating with customers and the fact that in this period of uncertainty, I think it really resonates with customers to partner with us. So it's broad base Rosemarie across the board and if you look at apparel import units, there are roughly  up roughly 3% so far year-to-date. So pick up in the last couple of months and if we look at our volume trends it's still well-above that. And then clearly, RFID is a clear value driver. In RFID, but Id say it also creates a halo affect across the rest of RBIS as we are clearly the partner to go to for adduction and then just continued roll out of this technology.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Do you think that in the growth rate of 3% in apparel imports, there was some free buying given the trade war going on with China, which may or may not resolve [indiscernible]?
Mitch Butier: Perhaps, I think that's more  there's more discussion going on about migration of where products are sourced from, but that is largely what's happening. And it's really at the discussion level still. Apparel imports did surge quite a bit in the most recently available month, which may indicate some of what you're referring to. But on the flipside, inventory levels continue to be extremely lean at the retail level and those have actually declined over the last year as retailers continue to get more lean overall. So, there are some signs that maybe that did happen. I don't think so. It is part of the active discussion we're having with the retailers and brands. And I think this level of uncertainty really just increases focus on the importance of having a global presence for us as well as the importance of having lean inventory levels for retailers, ritually plays to our strengths and the strength of RFID, which is one of the other reasons we're continuing to see increased pace of focus around RFID adoption within apparel.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Kapsch: Just one follow-up on the RBIS dynamically that you were describing. If there was a pronounced migration of apparel manufacturing from China elsewhere. Are you any different or would you look at that as an opportunity to take share given the breadth of your footprint and your presence in essentially all countries where there's apparel manufacturing?
Mitch Butier: So I mean we're available and ready to partner with our customers for whatever they choose to do. In a period of change like that, it does play to our strengths and historically has enabled more share capture. So we saw that years ago and there's a large migration from Latin America to China as an example. Having said that, I think the pace of migration I mean it will depend on what's going on at the trade discussions going on between the various governments. But there is a large footprint within China and there is a huge network benefit of cluster benefit within China around this. So I'm not sure how quickly it will exactly move, but we're prepared to work with our partners to move as quickly as they individually wish to do.
Chris Kapsch: And then I did have a question focused on LGM and specifically the regions where there's been most exposure to the economic softness that you've talked about and just wondering and presumably we're talking about China and Europe. Can you just describe if there's been any indications of a change in competitive behavior in those regions and the price increases that you've implemented during the course of 2018. Have they been holding in here most recently against that more uncertain backdrop and how do you see those dynamics playing out in 2019?
Mitch Butier: Yes, so overall the competitive dynamics I think are remain fairly consistent with what we've seen over the long-term no big shift competitively. Clearly when you go through a period of change like that we've maintained or gained share in the key regions where we have visibility, the market data for the full year 2018 versus 2017 increasing and so forth, you will see share positions, particularly in some of the less differentiated categories, have a little more variability throughout the course of the year and we saw that, but that is just part of the normal practice and we, as we've discussed in the past, willing to take some near-term share risk during a period of price increase, because we know we can recapture it within the near-term. So little bit more volatility on that, but that is absolutely the norm we've seen over cycles as far as the competitive dynamic.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question coming from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: The first one is more of a modeling question. So, I think your guidance for interest expense this year is $75 million to $80 million and that seems to be a bit of a step up from the run rate from 2018, you know aside from perhaps short-term rates being a little bit higher. Is there anything else that's driving that and if you'd called it that earlier and Id missed it, apologies in advance. That's question on. The question two when we think about RFID, is there a point in the, I don't know three to five year horizon where it is so effective at allowing your customers now and prospectively to reduce their supply chains such that it actually leads to a reduction in demand overall for smart labels if you get what I'm getting at. Thanks.
Greg Lovins: This is Greg. I'll start with your first question on interest. So much of the step up that we're seeing as we go into 2019 is really driven by the fact that we did issue a $500 million senior note offering in the fourth quarter, late in the fourth quarter, really took effect in December. So well have to carry over impacts for that as well as a little bit higher interest costs and that debt issuance was really to fund the pension as well as some of the share - other increased CapEx in the quarter as well or in the year, sorry.
George Staphos: Well remember that. Sorry about that. And then on RFID does it get  is it so good at reducing supply chain, working capital that all of a sudden you start seeing a slowdown in the demand for the label itself?
Greg Lovins: Yes. So, George I think it's  if you focus just on apparel, it's got a much longer runway than three to five years as far as the trajectory that we're looking at. If you look at penetration rates and so forth, overall you would expect this to enable some inventory reduction. So, over that time you gradually retailer by retailer should expect to see some inventory reductions which is a near-term impact to demand if you will, but it's overall enabling us to gain more share of the overall apparel labeling space. And so, we see that it's a good thing. It plays or shrinks. It plays to  it supports the overall sustainability objectives of the retailers. And so, we see that as absolutely a good thing and I think that's probably part of what even in the period of retail apparel shrink, where I mentioned we still see very lean inventory levels. That's already happening to some extent. So that is - some of that could happen. I think it will not be a  itll be a gradual if you will, but it's part of the overall objectives that we've laid out for this business and are confident we can achieve or exceed the organic growth rates within RBIS as a result.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Edlain Rodriguez with UBS Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Edlain Rodriguez: Mitch, this is like a big picture question for you on M&A opportunities. For a while the focus was in IHM, but given some of the issues there is the focus still on that segment or are there opportunities outside of IHM going forward?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So we see opportunities in all three of our segments. And its relative to its side just proportionally weve said, its an IHM. So our overall focus is on acquisitions that are in high value segments as well as acquisitions that add capabilities in IHM. There is more white space and more kind of bolt-on size acquisition targets that are possible. As far as the cycle that were going through know it doesnt change our point of view, this is actually the time to actually as I said lean forward as others maybe pulling back. So that is something we will continue to pursue. But we continue to see opportunities within LGM as well. Little bit less just given the size and the dynamics of that market. And then within RBIS, it will be more on the capability building and technology plays and so forth. We've seen that with a couple of the startups that we've invested in such as pragmatic which is around removing silicon from the integrated circuit for RFID as well as the recently announced Williot which is basically a Bluetooth RFID. So we've been doing that through venture investment and so forth. And when we think about M&A, its more around expanding more on the technology front to really drive the intelligent label's platform.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Butier, I will turn the call back to you for any closing remarks.
Mitch Butier: So thanks to everybody for joining the call and just to wrap-up, you know clearly the fourth quarter kept another strong year for us. We are well positioned going into 2019, and expect to deliver another very successful year even in the phase of the uncertainty that we're all seeing. And I really just like to finish by thanking the entire team for the continued resilience and commitment for the success for our customers and our communities and our shareholders. So thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-23 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Cynthia Guenther - VP, IR and Finance Mitch Butier - President and CEO Greg Lovins - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities John McNulty - BMO Capital Markets Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital Jeff Zekauskas - JP Morgan Securities Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter Ended September 29, 2018. This call is being recorded, and will be available for replay from 12:00 PM Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, October 26. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or +1-402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21857413. I would now like to turn the call over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Cynthia Guenther: Thanks, Chris. Today, we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited third quarter results. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified, and reconciled with GAAP on Schedules A-4 to A-8 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that during this call we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And now, I'll turn the call to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, Cindy, and good everyone. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter. Adjusted EPS grew 15%, in line with our expectations, and sales were up 6% organically, with both high-value categories and emerging markets continuing to deliver above average growth. Label and Graphics Materials delivered a solid quarter. Sales grew organically by more than 6%, driven by both higher prices and volume. Emerging markets in high-value categories were once again up high single digits. LGM's margin, however, declined more than expected for the quarter, largely reflecting the lag between when we see inflation and when we can adjust pricing. I am confident that we will see meaningful margin recovery here in the fourth quarter, just as I am confident in the strength of our competitive position. We again saw evidence of this in the strong attendance in customer engagement at our industry's recent tradeshow in North America. Much of the energy in our booth focused on two key areas. The first was sustainability, specifically our products that enhance recyclability, and second, our Intelligent Labels platform, which is generating as much buzz among our converter network as it has among retailers and brand owners, which brings us to Retail Branding and Information Solutions. The team delivered, again, another strong quarter, with over 8% organic growth and significant margin expansion. The base business of RBS continued to grow at a healthy clip through ongoing share gain, and RFID grew once again by over 20% in the quarter. We continue to see strong engagement among apparel retailers and brands across all stages of the pipeline, as well as promising early-stage developments in other end markets. Our investments to sustain this growth in form of capacity additions, R&D, and business development resources are all on track. Overall, we're pleased with the progress we've made in building out our Intelligent Label platform as we lean forward to capture this high-growth opportunity. At the same time, we are realizing the benefits from the transformation of the base business that we started just a few years ago. Combined, these catalysts are driving another year of solid growth and margin expansion in RBIS. Now, results in Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment were clearly disappointing. Sales were well below our expectations largely due to greater than expected declines in China. Over the past couple of months, Greg and I have been going through a deep-dive assessment of the IHM segment. We continue to see great opportunity here, both in terms of the market and our own performance. While we've made progress in improving our fundamentals, our pace of change has fallen short of our expectations, so in the process of making adjustments. We remain confident in our long-term strategy for IHM, and in our ability to achieve the 2021 growth and margin targets that we laid out for this business. All in all, another solid quarter. Our strategic playbook continues to work for us. We will continue to benefit from the two key catalysts that enable our consistent GDP growth over the long-term that is high-value segments and emerging markets. And we'll continue to focus on our four overarching priorities, driving outsized growth in high-value product categories, growing profitably in our base businesses, relentlessly pursuing productivity improvement, and remaining disciplined in our approach to capital management. We continue to position to company for superior value creation over the long-term, and expect to deliver our seventh consecutive year of strong top line growth and double-digit adjusted EPS growth. Now, I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, Mitch, and hello everyone. As Mitch mentioned, we delivered another solid quarter. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.45, up 15% compared to prior year and in line with our expectations. We grew sales by approximately 6% on an organic basis, as currency translation reduced reported sales growth by 1.3 points in the quarter. Currency translation also represented a roughly $0.03 headwind to EPS, compared to the same period last year. Adjusted operating margin increased by 10 basis points to 10.7%, as the benefit of higher volume was largely offset by the impact of increased investment spending. And we realized $6 million of net restructuring savings in the quarter. Gross restructuring savings, most of which benefited RBIS, were partially offset by roughly $5 million of transition cost for LGM's European restructuring action. We will continue to incur quarterly transition cost of $3 million to $5 million for this large product through the middle of next year, with the cost tapering off quickly in the back-half of 2019. And recall this project is expected to drive $25 million of savings beginning in 2020, providing a strong return on the total investment. Turning now to cash generation and allocation, free cash flow year-to-date was $261 million, up by roughly $5 million compared to prior year. And as we've discussed, we've increased our pace of fixed capital in IT-related spending this year. Gross capital spending year-to-date is up by roughly $20 million. Now, as a reminder, our free cash flow calculation excludes the one-time cash contributions to the U.S. pension plan associated with its termination. And as expected, we contributed $200 million to this plan in the quarter, allowing us to deduct that contribution on our 2017 U.S. income tax return. During the first three quarters of the year, we repurchased roughly 1.6 million shares at an aggregate cost of $175 million, and paid $131 million in dividends. Year-to-date, we returned a total of $306 million to shareholders, up from $221 million for the same period last year. So, turning now to segment results for the quarter, Label and Graphics Materials sales grew 6.4% organically, which included roughly half a point of timing-related benefits, largely due to pre-buying associated with the price increases take effect in North America and Europe. Results for the quarter reflected continued high single-digit growth for high value product lines that was relatively broad-based. In particular, sales for specialty endurable labels were up roughly 10%, and sales of graphics and reflective products were up high single-digits. And looking at LGM's organic growth in the quarter by region, results were solid in the mature regions, with North America outpacing Western Europe. And we continue to see strong growth in emerging markets, led by double-digit growth in South Asia, Eastern Europe, and Latin America, which more than offset softer market conditions in China. Adjusted operating margin for the segment declined by 100 basis points, reflecting inflation and the timing of related price realization, as well as the transition costs associated with our restructuring in Europe. As Mitch mentioned, the margin decline was more than we anticipated for the quarter. Raw material inflation came in higher than we expected at the start of the quarter, and we announced new pricing actions which have taken effect in early Q4. As a result, the net impact of pricing in raw material costs became a more significant headwind for us this past quarter than what we had previously seen. We do anticipate meaningful recovery, margin recovery here in the fourth quarter on a seasonally adjusted basis. And recall that margins in this business typically drop between the third and fourth quarters by roughly a point. However, in light of the timing of pricing actions, and with the expectation that raw material cost will be relatively stable through the fourth quarter, we expect LGM's Q4 margin to be more in line with Q3 this year. And while the inflationary pressures have been more significant and persistent than we anticipated at the start of 2018, namely in the mid single-digit range for the full-year, we continue to expect to fully recover the cumulative gap between cost and price that we have experienced since the middle of last year. So, turning to Retail Branding and Information Solutions, RBS delivered another excellent quarter. The team continues to execute very well on its business model transformation, enabling market share gains or driving significant margin expansion. RBS sales were up 8.2% organically, driven by the continued strength of RFID, which grew once again by more than 20%, as well as solid growth of the base business. The growth of the base is particularly encouraging when you consider the holiday timing and prior year sales associated with the World Cup represented a headwind to the quarter on the order of about 1.5 points. Adjusted operating margin for the segment expanded by 240 basis points to 11.4%, driven by the benefits of higher volume and productivity; these benefits were partially offset by the impact of higher investment spending, particularly in RFID as well as higher employee-related costs. And finally, turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Material segment, sales declined 0.4% on an organic basis, driven largely by a softer automotive market in China. Excluding China, the industrial portion of the portfolio continues to deliver mid single-digit growth. And IHM's adjusted marketing margin increased by 60 basis points, reflecting lower transition costs from prior year acquisitions and lower employee-related costs, which more than offset growth-related investments, and the net impact of pricing and raw material costs. At Mitch indicated, over the longer-term, we remain confident in our target of 4% to 5% plus organic growth for this segment. And we expect to see margin gradually expand to LGM's level or better by 2021. So, turning now to our revised outlook for the company for 2018, we have maintained our guidance for adjusted earnings per share at $5.95 to $6.10, despite an incremental $0.05 headwind from currency translation in the second half. And we've increased our guidance for reported earnings per share by $0.07 primarily reflecting a reduction in our severance associated with the European restructuring. We've outlined some of the other key contributing factors to our guidance on slide nine of our supplemental presentation materials. In particular, and just focusing on the changes from our last guidance, we now estimate that organic sales growth will be approximately 5.5% for the year, at or near the high end of our previous range. At recent exchange rates, currency translation represents a roughly one-and-a-half point addition to reported sales growth for the year. In a pretax operating income tailwind of roughly $12 million, down from the roughly $18 million tailwind we anticipated in July. And we expect savings from restructuring net of transition cost to come in near the high end of our previous range, and we have lowered the high end of the range for an estimate of capital spending this year. So, in summary, we're pleased with the progress we've made this quarter. And we remain confident in our ability to achieve both our 2018 and long-term goals. And now, we'll open up the calls for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Co. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hi, everyone. Good morning.
Mitch Butier: Hello, Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi: So, I guess, Greg, just to clarify on your comment that 4Q margins for LGM will be comparable to 2Q. Can you just elaborate on that? Is it just pricing that will get you there or some level of pricing and productivity? And I'm just asking because it seems aggressive given higher raws [ph] and some sort of sequential deceleration of volumes due to the pre-buy?
Greg Lovins: Yes, Ghansham, as I indicated earlier, we typically do see a bit of a margin decline Q2 to Q4, largely driven by the fact that some of our higher-value categories like Graphics and Reflective have their high points of seasonality in the third quarter, and then we see a seasonal decline in Q4 sequentially, as well as some other categories like Logistics and Labels that pick up sequentially, which are a little bit lower than our average margin for the holiday period and things like Single's Day in China. So we typically see a bit of decline Q2 to Q4. With the sequential inflation we saw here in the third quarter, margins came in a bit lower than we had expected, as we said. We have implemented pricing actions which have largely already taken effect at the beginning of October. So we're confident that that's a big driver of the sequential improvement that we'll see from Q3 to Q4, so that'll help us be a little bit better than we normally would be from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, and that is the biggest driver that we see improving our margin sequentially from what we have seen historically.
Ghansham Panjabi: So, does that mean you're getting pricing net of raw material cost because otherwise the math wouldn't necessarily work on that, right -- 
Greg Lovins: Yes, I mean, right now we're expecting raw material cost to be relatively stable from Q3 to Q4 sequentially. And the pricing actions that we implemented in the beginning of the quarter then should be a net benefit in the quarter sequentially, versus inflation.
Ghansham Panjabi: Got it. And then just for my second question, a lot of the CPG customers that reported so far, I mean that seems to be sort of a theme during the earnings season. There's obviously been a function of inflation, everyone's raising prices, there seems to be some level of demand dislocation as inventories are managed tightly, not just in the U.S., but also the emerging markets as well. Are you seeing any sort of caution in terms of inventory management from your customers as we cycle into year-end and into 2019?
Mitch Butier: Ghansham, we're no thinking anything beyond the normal, but it's hard to comment globally. I mean, if you look at the North American market there's actually quite a bit of buzz in the North American market as far as activity levels. Obviously China relative to where it had been, things a little bit lower growth there. There's no common theme overall as far as what we would call out. We're continuing to see growth and continue to expect in the long-term our -- in the label category specifically, the market to grow 4%.
Ghansham Panjabi: Got it, thank you.
Mitch Butier: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Just following up on Ghansham's question, with IHM, the weakness that you say in China, is there any way that you can quantify that either in terms of volumes or earnings? And is that something that sort of worsened over the three months of the quarter, maybe into October, or kind of any color you can give on what you're seeing there.
Mitch Butier: Sure. So the softness we saw in China in IHM was largely China automotive driven. So across the third quarter -- I'll start back a little earlier. For the first-half of the year China automotive market overall had been relatively strong. In the third quarter, the overall market started seeing declines, I would think around 5% range in both July and August, and then declined a little bit heavier in the months of September. So we did start to see China automotive market in general decline a little bit heavy as we move through Q3. And right now we would expect a softer China automotive market in the fourth quarter as well. China automotive overall is roughly somewhere in the 15% range of our IHM segment in terms of revenue base. But that did have a significant impact on the overall IHM decline in the quarter.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's very helpful. And then just stepping back and looking at full-year guidance. I guess as you stand here at the end of October, what are the swing points that could get you to the higher end or the lower end of the range? And then I think in previous years you kind of narrowed the range when you reported 3Q but not this year, any reason for that?
Greg Lovins: Yes, overall, I think where we're sitting now versus where we were a quarter ago, we still feel like our overall guidance is pretty much in line with our expectations from a quarter ago. There are a little bit bigger currency headwind than we had before, offset by what we think are some operational benefits versus where we were a quarter ago as well. I think in terms of the range or the size of the range, we saw a number of currency movements happening around the world in the third quarter. And our range may be a little bit broader here for the rest of the year to account for potential movements in currencies as we go through the rest of the quarter here, like we saw in Q3. And I think if you look at the range overall, the mid to higher end of the range assumes inflation kind of stay stable, as I mentioned earlier. With the lowering the range potentially you would see some more sequential inflation than we're currently expecting.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the commentary and the details. I guess, first question I had regarding volumes in LGM. Can you comment how variable information did in the quarter? And the reason I ask during September, we've heard from some companies that box shipments were perhaps a bit weaker, some of the interior protective packaging material was maybe a little bit slower. So it paints a narrative, and perhaps parcel shipments were maybe a little bit slow during September. Did you see that at all in your LGM business exposed to ecomm and shipments?
Mitch Butier: Yes, so George the -- specifically within the LGM, the variable information labels, where the ecomm did slow a little bit. And I think there's two factors, that one is one you're calling out, hard for us to gauge exactly how impactful that is. And we actually think, as Greg said earlier, Q4 that tends to ramp, and we are starting to see a little bit of that in October. The other reason is we did see a little bit of share in this category basically as we've been moving price we talked about, in North America, we've regained the share that we talked about losing a couple of years ago, but this is one category that we've held firm with the pricing and are willing to, in the near-term, see the better of share, and that's what's happening. So we're seeing it on two fronts.
George Staphos: Okay. And then on that front, a similar question or segue type of question. Given the pricing action, are you seeing any intensified competitive activity beyond variable information and as far as -- and are you seeing, for that matter, kind of related question, any signs of a broader slowdown in your LGM business? Again, didn't sound like it, but just kind of probe the frontier here.
Mitch Butier: Yes. I mean, growth rates, as you could tell, were robust overall. We are in a competitive market, but this inflation is broad-based, and I think everybody's raising prices to the extent they need to. And you're always going to, in a period of change, have some puts and takes on the sub-segment. So we got to look at the macro, and then we look at the individual customers and product categories. And that one that you called out is the one where we've seen a little bit slower for things to move, but broad-based we're seeing the market adopt the price increases, meaning that converters are taking them because they know that the inflation is coming through. And they're working and passing those through on to the CPG firms and their other end users. As far as broad-based on volume, I mean if you look for the full-year year-to-date, our volumes are up right in the middle of our long-term range for this business of 4% to 5%. Within Q3 they're below the low end. There about half of the growth was price and half was volume within LGM. It's a little bit lower in Q3. And Ghansham, that might've been the question you were trying to get to earlier, but a little bit slow. But that's not unusual in a single quarter to see things move by a point or two. But overall, we're seeing broad-based continued growth.
George Staphos: Okay, thanks for that, Mitch. My last one and I'll turn it over and come back. So you mentioned RFID continue to grow at 20% in the quarter, recognizing we're still early in terms of the adoption phase and it tends to be customer-by-customer, and clich of clichs, lumpy quarter-by-quarter. Are there end markets that you're seeing particularly good growth? I assume it's mostly apparel, but are you seeing any pickup in the other areas? And do you have any kind of early read on the outlook on RFID for 2019?
Mitch Butier: Yes, so George, we said our target here was to grow 15% to 20% plus over the longer-term, and we grew more than 20%, and have been on that track. So it's been at the higher end of that range. And we're continuing to see momentum on many fronts, as we've discussed. Over 95% of the revenue is still apparel. And we expect this tremendous amount of momentum continue within apparel. But we are seeing early traction in the other categories as well, particularly food, beauty, and logistics. So helping with the automation of logistics companies, particularly how to automate that last mile -- last leg of delivery. So those are quite a bit of activity. If you just, from a pipeline perspective, I think from the beginning of the year our overall pipeline has increased 30%. Each stage of the pipeline has increased somewhere between 20% to 40% and the non-apparel portion of the pipeline has doubled since the beginning of the year. So a lot of momentum, a lot of traction, but a lot of it, as you said early stage outside of apparel.
George Staphos: Okay, thanks Mitch, I'll turn it over.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, George.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Edlain Rodriguez with UBS Securities. Please go ahead.
Edlain Rodriguez: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. So quick question, so you just mentioned that you might be losing some market share because you're being firm on prices. Like what would you be losing those -- share to? I mean do those guys have of course advantage over you?
Mitch Butier: So, my comment was about a specific subcategory and a specific region because that's where the question was. So overall, we're actually seeing relatively stable share or gaining share in North America. And in North America, if you look over the last few years, we had lost some share between '14 and '16, we've recovered that. We're seeing stable share in other regions. So, and broad-based, do people have more of a cost advantage? The simple answer is, no. Our scale advantage, our material science capabilities, our process technology, what we see is an advantage relative to the rest of the marketplace. So, no, we don't see that we're at a cost disadvantage or anything else.
Edlain Rodriguez: Okay, that's what I thought. And one quick one on IHM, I mean, at the end of August you had a management change there. Like what wasn't working right and how quickly you believe you can fix those issues?
Mitch Butier: Yes, so simply if you look back over the last few years, we've made a few adjustments in each of our businesses. And if I look at some of the shifts we need to do, we need to pivot a little bit more to just focusing on the fundamentals. And I draw the analogy that was one of the aspects we focused on within RBIS. And here, just getting on the fundamentals of excellence in service, in quality, and in cost, that's one area. And then the other would be, and that -- I'd draw the analog of RBIS there, we did other things within RBS, dramatic cost reduction, distributing decision-making, and so forth. But this is more on the first aspect. And then the other is just we're managing a little bit too much to the average. So disaggregating our approach to the markets and having an end-to-end segmented strategy, and that's something we talked about, both when we did the strategic pivots within LGM as well as the strategic adjustments within RBIS, is having a more segmented approach, disaggregating the business, and that's what we're going through right now. So see a tremendous amount of opportunity within the market, obviously within our performance as well. And if I just call back again to those previous changes, LGM was strategic pivot, I would say, and more of just segmenting the business. RBIS was a major shift strategically, as well as a major refocus on the fundamentals. And here, the strategy is right, market is growing, and it's really around focusing on the fundamentals of rebalancing the strategy. And as far as timing, we'll give an update in the next earnings call, as I said, Greg and I going through a deep-dive assessment. We're working through that with the rest of the team. We have a very capable team at the local level, and we're working with them to identify how we further segment this business and get the fundamentals right. So we'll update you in January.
Edlain Rodriguez: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of [indiscernible] with Credit Suisse Europe. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, and good afternoon. I just want to come back a bit to China again. What is happening in China? You called out the automotive, but also on the LGM side. What has changed and what are you seeing heading into Q4 and 2019? And also on the cost inflation side, your base case scenario would be stable inflation. What caused that incremental higher inflation in Q3, and what are you now seeing that you would expect that to stabilize?
Greg Lovins: Sure. To start the China question, again, the automotive impacts in China really affected the IHM segment. In terms of LGM, we were up modestly in the quarter. Not at the same pace we had been in the first-half, but that was also against very tough comps from prior year where we grew in mid teens in China in Q3 of 2017. So despite those tough comps we're still up a little bit here in the quarter versus prior year. And we continue to see the market growing in the third quarter as well, albeit at a slightly slower pace than what we had in the first-half. And again, right now what that feels to be is just a little bit softness in the macro in China. GDP come down a little bit, and PMI come down a little bit that seems to be affecting overall demand, at least in the short-term here. And that's what we've experienced in the quarter. But we continue to grow here. We continue to be in kind of that mid single-digit rate for year-to-date. So we feel pretty good overall about where we are in China right now. We did see the blip here. The automotive piece had a bigger impact on IHM, but in LGM we continue to grow albeit at a more modest pace in the quarter. On the question -- I think your other question was more about what we saw in terms of inflation sequentially from Q2 to Q3 above our expectations. And at the time, in the second quarter, we had started to see propylene, particularly in the U.S., rise throughout the second quarter. We thought that might soften a little bit in Q3. It did not, it actually went up a little bit early in the quarter, softened maybe a little bit in the back part. But that was part of the impact versus our expectations. And we continue to see paper increases throughout Europe, and in Asia, in particular, as well in the third quarter. Really, overall, Q2 to Q3 was pretty broad-based, it was probably the highest sequential inflation quarter we've seen over the last four or five quarters, which is why we've done a number of pricing actions as well as we started the fourth quarter here.
Unidentified Analyst: And also, just one more question on -- as you roll out RFID, and so you're doing that very successfully, are you making any progress in any other markets outside North America, because it seems to be mostly in North America that progress is made.
Mitch Butier: No, it's actually relatively broad-based. It's in North America, it's in Europe, again largely in apparel. Latin America, we've got a number of key developments going on; Asia-Pacific as well, a lot of that is linked to global companies growing out within Asia-Pacific. So it's relatively broad-based.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Mitch Butier: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO. Please go ahead.
John McNulty: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, one of the things I guess I'm a little curious on is the Label and Graphics, the margins obviously came under pressure on the raw material front, yet it looks like the industrial and healthcare materials margins, which I would think have somewhat similar overlapping raw material trends didn't really take much of a hit I guess, can you help us understand why that might be, or are we often in terms of what the relative raw material baskets might look like for these?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So, John, basically if you are asking why it didn't it come up under the same pressure as LGM
John McNulty: Yes.
Mitch Butier: -- I think that was your question. Last year, there was quite a bit of acquisition/integration costs, one that weighted down, and then -- so that's basically overall. And then second, a lot of the inflation, still a lot of it going on in chemicals and resins, but it's also in paper based, a big portion of it as well as on the paper based inflation does not hit IHM.
John McNulty: Got it, fair point. And then I guess, speaking of M&A, we haven't seen much from you guys recently I guess, given the markets sell-off, are you seeing more opportunities out there, or are you seeing guys less willing to sell just given the -- maybe they're thinking evaluations are too low at this point. How should we think about that?
Greg Lovins: Yes, the recent market, John, I would say it's too recent for to change our expectations and behavior within the M&A -- our M&A pipelines, the M&A pipeline we continue to work and engage with parties, and I think that you shouldn't expect anything really to convert this year, but we have a number of active engagements that we are working through, and as we have said, we are in a position of strength -- there would be some sustained adjustment and evaluations and so forth. And that's what we are continuing to work through.
John McNulty: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Mitch Butier: Hi, Adam.
Cynthia Guenther: Hi.
Adam Josephson: Mitch, just on the trade war between the U.S. and China, can you just talk about what impacts -- trade war could have on your RBIS business as well as any impact on the other businesses?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So, specifically with for RBIS, the big question would be if there, and it's very small today, the amount of tariffs associated with the apparel, but if there was a broad-based tariff on apparel. I think you can see a bit of more of an acceleration of the migration out of China into other regions for apparel sourcing. That will take time. There's just such a huge infrastructure within China. That would take some time. But it's actually where we would be from a position standpoint, very well positioned. We are -- can support our retailer and brand owner partners as well as the mega apparel manufacturers and helping migrate that volume, because that's something that we see as the position of strength for us, something we can provide tremendous partnership and support to our customers through that migration. I think bigger question, and you have to draw your own conclusions if there was a major tariff in the timeframe what would that do to end pricing and so forth, and ask the broader question of trade conflicts between major economics.
Adam Josephson: Yes. Thanks. Just a couple others, on the organic sales growth, the 6%, how much was volume versus price?
Mitch Butier: Within LGM, it was roughly equal mix, price and volume.
Adam Josephson: And how does that compare to previous quarters?
Mitch Butier: It's ramping as you would expect, because we've had -- on the price side, because we've had sequential price increases every quarter for fourth quarters now.
Adam Josephson: Okay, yes, sure. And FX-wise, what are your assumptions for the euro and renminbi, and can you just remind us what your sensitivity is to those currencies, and just -- relatedly have the FX fluctuation, have they had any impact on your margins, positive or negative?
Greg Lovins: Yes. So I think our assumptions on a year are right around 115; renminbi, I think, it is 0.145 type of range in terms of our assumptions for the rest of the year. And we have had some number of impacts -- we talked a little bit, I think we talked a little bit about Argentina, Argentina we did move this quarter to U.S. dollar base functional currency, given the high inflation environment there, and that certainly is something where we are managing through and a number of other countries, particularly in South Asia, we've seen some weakening over their currencies against the dollar. And there are some of their raw materials that are purchasing dollars. So we are also doing pricing actions and some of those countries to manage that currency driven inflation at the same time. So, we had a little bit of an impact on our margins this quarter as well. And that is some of the sequential pricing that will see from Q3 to Q4, as you manage through some pricing actions driven by that currency related inflation as well.
Adam Josephson: We've got it. Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Scott Gaffner: Hi, there good morning.
Mitch Butier: Good afternoon.
Greg Lovins: Hi, Scott.
Scott Gaffner: How you are doing? Mitch or Greg, if you look at the LGM margins, based on the assumption that you gave us for the fourth quarter essentially flat 3Q margins from or 4Q from 3Q, are you still have down margin zero over year, is that -- how much has a price cost impacted margins year-over-year ended 2018? And Greg, I think in your prepared remarks you talked about cumulative cost recovery, does that imply that, we should still see more recovery as we move into in to 2019, even if raw materials remained flat?
Mitch Butier: Yes, so I guess overall, when you look at the margins in '18 verses '17, I did call out in the quarter here, we had some transition costs related to the European restructuring, we also had a little bit of that in the second quarter as well. And that that does for a year basis so far give us about 20 or 30 basis points of impact versus prior year. In terms of inflation, our biggest impact and we had a pretty modest impact price inflation in the first couple of quarters, the biggest impact here has been in Q3 as we said sequentially, we expect that to improve as we move into the fourth quarter. I think, those are really the biggest drivers of margins year-over-year, a lot of give and takes otherwise.
Scott Gaffner: And continued recovery into 2019 or you feel like at the end of '20 4Q a year back
Mitch Butier: I think based on the pricing actions we've taken, if raw material environment remained stable in the next couple quarters, we will make up the cumulative gap that we've had over the last number of quarters. So that's our expectation right now, if markets remain stable. As we said before, if we continue to see some more sequential inflation and we need to do more sequential pricing actions we will do that accordingly, it may take us a quarter or so to get that through, but we will take those actions as necessary. If the markets remain stable then we think in the next couple of quarters we will be able to close any gap that we had over the last year or so.
Scott Gaffner: Okay.
Mitch Butier: And I think one of the things we are trying to communicate is, if you look at it, in addition everything Greg laid out, if you look at our normal seasonal pattern of margins, within this business, Q2 and Q3 are higher than Q1 and Q4. And that has been tracking through all year despite inflation because the timing of the lag was shorter, a little bit longer right now by really just a month or two. And so we saw a dip within Q3, that's if you look at the normal seasonal trend. The other element is we do have transition costs that have coming in for the European restructuring that are hitting the second-half and will continue into through the first-half of next year, which we will start seeing savings in the second-half of next year. So if you are trying to think about normal, think of normal seasonal trends. And as you go into next year, there will be some of the savings start to come in the second-half of next year on top of that because of this restructuring program.
Scott Gaffner: Right? Okay. And then just approaching the M&A opportunity, capital allocation questions a little bit differently, while multiples in the M&A private space might not have changed over the last few months, your stock price definitely has down close to 20% or 25%. From the peek, year-to-date, you've accelerated a little bit of a share repo, but any thoughts around maybe increasing that significantly more from here on a go forward basis?
Mitch Butier: Yeah, I mean, John, overall, we don't comment on the timing or amount, but what we did do is, I mean, if you look, we paid, funded $200 million of the pension unless our leverage ratio is still well below their newly revised leverage ratio that we have until we have ample capacity and what you can see on a relative basis, we have stepped it up and we will continue to show discipline as we do that. Our objective is not to be well below the low-end of our target range to long-term. We want to be within that range and that's our expectation to get there. Obviously, it depends on timing of M&A and everything else that they said earlier, don't expect anything to convert imminently here, but you shouldn't expect us to be anything other than disciplined and leaning forward more as things prices go down and pulling back a bit as I surge.
Scott Gaffner: Fair enough, just one last one on you throughout the sustainability, comment in regards to the recent conference that you guys attended? Are you actually seeing any order there? Is it just more level of interest is increase? What's kind of happening there from a little bit more granular perspective? Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Mitch Butier: Sure. Thanks Scott. So it's broad-based on the sustainability front. So a lot of interest in our products that enable enhanced recycling like our CleanFlake product as an example, which is we brought out four years ago and as the market had greater need for more re-cyclability, we are seen as the innovation leader who can bring those products that they are more interesting or push around using sustainably sourced materials, certified paper, we had a target of increasing that dramatically. We are now at 88% of using certified papers coming from sustainably sourced force and so forth. So overall, there is a desire for the whole sustainability theme. Our customers like to be able to tell a message to the end users around what we are doing around greenhouse gases sustainably and responsibly sourced materials, those are the area that we are working on. And then specifically, the biggest if you look at a specific product, it's a product that enables recycling. And these are products that we've started developing a number of years ago, the biggest one that you'll hear is CleanFlake, which came out four years ago, which enables recycling, we're looking to expand that portfolio and investing our R&D resources to do just that, so more semantics, Scott.
Scott Gaffner: Great. Thanks Mitch. Thanks, Greg.
Mitch Butier: Thank you.
Greg Lovins: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much.
Mitch Butier: Hi, Jeff.
Greg Lovins: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Zekauskas: Hi, when you look at your October volumes, did the trend seem a continuation of what you saw in September? Or did it seem a little bit slower or little bit faster? And in general, how does the overall global economy look to you given that the market seems to be a little bit more pessimistic about economic prospects going forward?
Mitch Butier: Yes, so as far as, the first few weeks of shipments that we have, we are seeing exactly we would expect consistent with our guidance, kind of consistent with what we saw over Q3 in general and particularly mature doing. China is still a little bit lower than normal growth and the rest of regions continuing on the pace that we talked about earlier. As far as our global outlook, I mean, if you look at where things are U.S. is growing a little bit higher than the average of what we are seeing, Europe has moderated a little bit, they are still growing at a healthy clip. Latin America is stronger than the headlines reveal. Hard for us to tell because we don't have good market data, how much that's market versus just our strength of our position, South Asia doing very well. Part of that we have to recall that coming off of the easy comps from last year, there was quite a few adjustments with India making quite a few adjustments in their goods and service tax as well as the monetary items and China and Korea are both seeing a slowdown in their growth rates. So I'd say overall, pretty broad-based couple, a big country in China being slower growth and the U.S. being a bit faster growth and we are not seeing a shift in that specifically in the U.S.
Jeff Zekauskas: You contributed $200 million into your pension plan and there's another $30 million coming next year. How much of that, do you get back through tax benefits? And what's the timing of the amounts?
Mitch Butier: Yes. And if we actually -- as we said we made the $200 million contribution in the third quarter and we applied that contribution to our 2017 tax return. So we saw a benefit in our gap tax rate in the third quarter, I think roughly in the range of $30 million related to that a $200 million contribution we made.
Jeff Zekauskas: I'm not interested in changing your gap rate. I'm interested in the cash benefit you get from the contributions in the form of a tax benefit?
Mitch Butier: The cash tax benefits?
Jeff Zekauskas: In other words, you pay the money, you get some sort of deduction and then that monies -- those monies will be refunded to you in the future, now?
Mitch Butier: Yes, we have some cash tax benefit. I'm not exactly sure the amount related to versus the amount of the overall tax rate benefits. So that's something I wanted to follow-up on Jeff.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, great. In general, you talked about recouping your raw material and inflation; your gross margins have been under a little bit of pressure for a couple of years now. And when do you expect your incremental gross margin to be higher than your average gross margin that is when do you little tactile, I don't know, the second or third quarter of 2019 or could have come before that or will it will be later? I mean, even with your margins being flat sequentially, your margins will be lower than they were last, your gross margin will be lower than what it was last year. And still, your incremental gross margins will be lower than your average gross margins like right there?
Mitch Butier: Yes, so a number of things to contribute to that. So we talked about transition cost is going down GP a little bit in as we said, over the last number of quarters, we've increased the pace of our CapEx and we have some depreciation coming in now on those assets that we recently put into service. And we don't have full benefits of them yet at this point either that's weighing on GP percent, in addition to the volume and price benefits or price impacts or sorry price and inflation impacts that we've seen. So we'll start to see price inflation even out as we said, if raw material environment stays relatively stable. And then, as we talked about, we have a number of actions like the year of restructuring, they'll start the benefit as in the back half of 2019. So I think as we move through 2019, we will start to see those improvements benefit us, we will continue to have the transition costs in the first-half of next year. But we will have benefits in the second-half as we execute that action, so that along with the price and inflation dynamics, we expect to see improvements in the back half of next year.
Cynthia Guenther: If I could just add, just don't forget the pure math of adding three points of prices, 50 basis points on your margin. So it's just factor that into your thinking too.
Jeff Zekauskas: And then just lastly, when you think about the I guess, the trajectory of volume growth in your LGM business on -- is it slightly slowing down or is that consistent with what it's been?
Mitch Butier: Yes.
Jeff Zekauskas: How do you feel about that overall?
Mitch Butier: Yes, overall volumes, I think in the third quarter we are a little bit slower than we had, we have a number of these kind of timing related impacts over the last number of quarters, but overall volumes in Q3 were just a little bit slower, really driven by China been a little bit slower than it had been in the first-half. We continued to have volumes in the developed regions, largely in line with where we had been overall and then the other emerging markets continues to grow fairly well. So I think overall the only real slower growth rate we've seen on a broad level is China and the third quarter from what we have previously been seen.
Jeff Zekauskas: That's great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Chris Kapsch: Yes, just a couple follow-ups. On the pricing dynamic and in LGM and specifically to achieve the sort of flattish margins that you mentioned in the fourth quarter, assuming raw material cost inflation is roughly flat sequentially, what order of magnitude of pricing traction do you need on the price increases that you unveiled in early October in order to achieve that sort of flat margin?
Mitch Butier: Yes, we said we -- overall, our entire -- our view is in making sure we have enough price to offset the material inflation we are seeing, we are seeing inflation in a kind of 5% impact and you would expect to see then pricing in the low to mid-single digit rate in order to offset that. We also have as I mentioned, a little bit of currency driven inflation, we have currency price increase taken effect in the fourth quarter as well. So they go over all in the fourth quarter, you would expect to see kind of low to mid-single digit impacts from pricing within LGM.
Chris Kapsch: And are there any regions where you'd see the traction on the price increase more challenging than other regions in LGM?
Mitch Butier: I don't think any one region is more challenging than other. We've done price increases early across the -- all of the regions over the last year, year-and-a-half in multiple increases in most of the regions and we don't actually see any one region be more challenging than the others at this point.
Chris Kapsch: Okay. And if I could just follow up a little bit on China, because I think it's important -- and somebody mentioned that the 25% markdown in your stock, if you were to tie that to just two regions there would be, I think, concern over this raw material cost inflation that's precipitated recently and then slow down in China and I think you guys have -- in the context of getting through pricing and restoring margins, I think you've talked about that begin manageable, I think there's still a lot of questions about obviously what happens in China, but can you just talk about the trends and maybe quantify the growth that you saw -- I mean, you talked about slower demand and I'm talking about LGM specifically setting aside the automotive exposure in IHM. Can you just talk about what sort of -- the magnitude of growth that you actually did see there and was that decelerating during the quarter or was it just, you know, consistently softer with just a generally softer Chinese economy, thank you?
Mitch Butier: Yes, Chris, we saw kind of a low single-digit growth in China in the third quarter. And that had been off really mid single-digits for the first half of the year. So we did continue to see growth there. That was a little bit softer than what we had seen as we said. And really we actually saw growth improve as we move through the quarter with September being a stronger month than July and August versus prior year. There is a little bit of a holiday benefit in their year-over-year as well, but overall, we saw September start to improve in China from what we had seen in July and August.
Chris Kapsch: And has that improvement in China sustained thus far into October? I know we only have a few weeks of orders, but
Mitch Butier: I think from a run rate perspective, we continue to feel good about our volumes in China and our ability to continue growing in that region. I think as we said last year in the third quarter we had mid teens growth in China and some of that continued into early fourth quarter last year. But overall, we feel good about the pace of our volumes in China in what we're able to deliver for the rest of this year.
Greg Lovins: Yes, so Chris, just to build on that. Making broad comments upfront, I think overall, we've remained confident in our ability to offset the inflation that comes through, leveraging our position in the markets and the strength of our markets and the healthy nature of them. You're going to always have in these periods of change, a little bit of pieces moving around but overall, we feel good with the market share position that we have continuing to leverage our competitive advantages and you know, China, right now is yes, growing a little bit slower, we believe, because the macro as well as very tough comps. This business was growing mid teens last year in Q3. But also for me, you talked about the resilience. When we talk about emerging markets as one of our key growth catalysts, it doesn't mean China, it means broad based emerging markets. We're seeing strong double-digit growth in all of South Asia in Latin America, in Eastern Europe, so we've had this before and we've had periods where South Asia slows down and other regions are picking it up. So I think it really speaks to the strength of our position globally in the portfolio. The fact that we have these high value segments which are a third of the overall company that are growing faster than the average. And so our resilience is really what we focus on continuing to build that resilience to be better positioned across the economic cycles. And we feel that we're well-positioned and we continue to offset inflation just like we've done. You may have a bump on a quarter or two or you're a quarter ahead or a quarter behind, but that said, what we expect and what we continue to be confident in.
Chris Kapsch: That's very helpful, thanks for the extra color.
Mitch Butier: Thank you.
Operator: And I will turn the call back to Mr. Mitch Butier.
Mitch Butier: Okay. Well, thank you, everybody for joining the call, we're again pleased with the continuing strength of our competitive position in healthy growing markets and delivering another solid quarter. We expect the company to continue our strong performance both as we conclude the year and entering next year and really just want to thank the entire team for their commitment and focus on delivering exceptional value for our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. So thank you, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-24 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Cynthia Guenther - VP, IR and Finance Mitch Butier - President and CEO Greg Lovins - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital John McNulty - BMO Matt Krueger - Robert W. Baird Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Welcome to the Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter ended June 30, 2018. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 11:00 a.m. Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, July 26. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or +1-402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21857412. I would now like to turn the call over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance. Please go ahead, madam.
Cynthia Guenther: Thank you, Susie. Today, well discuss our preliminary unaudited second quarter results. Please note that throughout todays discussion, well be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified, and reconciled with GAAP on Schedules A-4 to A-8 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release. We remind you that during this call we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in todays earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Now, Ill turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, Cindy; and good day, everyone. I'm pleased to report another good quarter. Sales grew 10% on a constant currency basis, adjusted operating margin expanded by 30 basis points and adjusted EPS grew 27%, with our two largest operating segments exceeding our expectations for the quarter. Label and Graphics Materials delivered a strong quarter, sales grew organically by over 7% driven by continued solid demand as well as the timing factors we discussed on previous calls. High value categories and emerging markets continue to deliver above average growth. As you know, these are the two key catalysts that enable our consistent GDP plus growth over the long term not only in LGM but across the portfolio. Since the beginning of 2017 in light of ongoing inflationary pressure, we've implemented multiple price increases in every region which LGM operates. Our standard operating procedure during periods of inflation, as you know, is to use our material re-engineering capabilities to offset rising costs and as necessary to raise prices. During the past three months, inflation has been more pronounced and persistent than our ability to offset it requiring another round of price adjustments in multiple regions. Despite the inflation, operating margins remain strong in LGM during the first half of this year, once again demonstrating the resilience of this business. As we've discussed in previous calls, we've increased our level of investment in this high-return business to keep pace with industry growth and to drive further productivity improvement. To that end, our new coating asset in Luxembourg is now fully commercialized and as we've also discussed previously, we're adding capacity in other regions as well and we're on-track to see those assets come online by the end of next year. Turning now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions. RBIS delivered another strong quarter with nearly 10% organic growth and significant margin expansion. The base business delivered over half of the total organic sales growth from RBIS this quarter with strength across all customer segments. RFID once again grew more than 20% in the quarter as the market for these products continue to build momentum. We continue to see strong engagement among apparel retailers and brands across all stages of the pipeline, as well as promising early stage developments in other end markets. And we're investing to support this growth with higher spending for business development and R&D as well as higher CapEx spending including investments to bring on new production capacity in both Eastern Europe as well as a dedicated site - a new dedicated site in Asia next year. In short, were pleased with the progress we've made in building our intelligent labels platform as we lean forward to drive this high growth opportunity. At the same time, we're happy to see the positive results of the transformation of the base business that we started just a couple of years ago. Combined these catalysts should deliver another year of solid growth and margin expansion in RBIS. The Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment delivered organic growth of 3% in Q2. We expect total segment organic growth to be back within our long-term target range of 4% to 5% plus beginning in the second half of this year. IHMs adjusted operating margin while down versus prior year improved sequentially in line with our expectation. The team is making good progress in integrating last years acquisitions and we remained confident that we will achieve our growth in margin targets for this business over the longer term. All-in-all another good quarter, our strategic playbook continues to work for us as we focus on our four overarching priorities. Driving outside growth in high value product categories, growing profitably in our base businesses, relentlessly pursuing productivity improvement and remaining disciplined in our approach to capital management. We continue to position the company for superior value creation over the long-term and are well on track to deliver our seventh consecutive year of strong topline growth and double-digit adjusted EPS growth. Now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, Mitch, and good morning, everyone. As Mitch mentioned, we delivered another strong quarter. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.66, up 27% compared to prior year, which was more than a nickel above our expectations, a strong operating results more than offset a modest headwind from currency translation. We grew sales by 10% excluding currency and 7.5% organically following a softer Q1 due to various timing-related factors. Our organic growth for the first half of the year was 5.5%. Currency translation added 4 points to reported sales growth in the quarter with an $0.08 benefit to EPS compared to the same period last year. And our adjusted operating margin increased by 30 basis points to 11.5% as the benefit of higher volume more than offset higher employee-related cost and the impact of increased investment spending. We realized $9 million of net restructuring savings in the quarter most of which benefited RBIS. Transition costs for LGMs European restructuring are ramping up now, so we'll see a decline in second half net restructuring benefit compared to the first half of the year. And turning now to cash generation and allocation, our free cash flow year-to-date was $128 million, up $35 million compared to prior year. During the first half of the year, we repurchased nearly 950,000 at an aggregate cost of $103 million. And with the 16% increase in our dividend rate in the quarter we paid $85 million in dividends. Year-to-date we returned a total of $188 million to shareholders compared to $147 million for the same period last year. And we made the decision earlier this month to settle our U.S. pension plan liability through either lump sum benefits to participants or the purchase of annuities from one or more insurance companies. Our first step in this process is a planned contribution of $200 million to this underfunded plan before August 15 allowing us to deduct that contribution on our 2017 U.S. income tax return. Later this year well pay out lump sum benefits to those participants who choose to receive them and we plan to purchase the annuities for the balance of our obligations in the first half of next year. We expect to incur certain non-cash settlement charges in the fourth quarter of this year. Based on the amount of liabilities settled with the lump sum payments and with the balance recorded next year when we purchase the annuities. This action has no impact on our leverage capacity as the unfunded liability was already largely reflected in the metrics used by rating agencies. However, it does impact the calculation of our leverage target using a simple net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio. And as a result we've updated this target from our previous range of 1.7% to 2% to a new range of 2.3% to 2.6%. So let me turn now to the segment results for the quarter. Label and Graphic material sales were up over 7% organically in the quarter with strong year-to-date organic growth of 5.4%. As expected, the various timing factors that we mentioned in last quarter provided a boost to Q2s growth rate. Results for the quarter reflected continued above average growth for high value product lines and stronger than usual growth for the base business. The strength in high value categories was broad based with high single digit results across most product lines. In particular, sales for our Graphics and Reflective segments, which came in a bit below expectations last quarter, picked up as expected in Q2. Breaking down LGM for organic growth in the quarter by region, both North America and Western Europe were up mid-single digits. Growth in emerging markets was high single digits with continued strong growth in South Asia and high single digit growth in China. Sales in Latin America were up double digits due in part to the past through of currency-related inflation as we invoiced in U.S. dollars in a number of these countries. And our adjusted operating margin for the segment remained strong roughly comparable to the prior year at 13.8% despite the inflationary headwinds we've experienced. And raw material inflation came in higher than we expected at the start of the quarter. Excluding a net benefit from currency-related changes, the net impact of pricing and raw material costs remained a headwind for us this past quarter. And we now anticipate mid-single digit inflation for 2018 compared to our low single-digit estimate at the start of the year. In light of this trend, we've announced new price increases during the quarter in North America, Europe, South Asia and Latin America. While the inflationary pressures are more significant than we anticipated a quarter ago, we continue to expect to fully recover the cumulative gap between cost and price that we've experienced since the middle of last year. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions, RBIS delivered another excellent quarter. The team continues to execute very well on its business model transformation enabling market share gains while driving significant margin expansion. RBIS sales are up nearly 10% organically driven by both the base business which was up mid-single digits and RFID which grew by more than 20%. As with LGM holiday timing between the first two quarters played a part in this. For the first half sales growth for the base apparel business was above our long-term target for this portion of the segment. The adjusted operating margin for RBIS expanded by 260 basis points to 11.2%, driven by the benefits of higher volume and productivity, as well as the reduction in intangibles amortization. These benefits were partially offset by higher employee related cost and the impact of higher investment spending, particularly in RFID. And note that the reduction in acquisition intangibles amortization has now fully anniversaried at the end of Q2. This has been a roughly 100 basis points source of margin expansion over the past four quarters. So finally turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment with the benefit of the Yongle and Finesse Medical acquisitions during the second quarter of last year sales rose 35% ex-currency. Sales growth on an organic basis was 3% driven by mid-single digit growth in the industrial categories partially offset by low single digit growth in healthcare categories. IHMs adjusted operating margin declined by 170 basis points reflecting intangibles amortization and depreciation expense associated with last year's acquisitions as well as the net impact of pricing and raw material cost. These headwinds were partially offset by the benefit of organic volume growth. As Mitch indicated in the back half of the year we expect IHMs organic growth will be back within its long-term target range and we expect the operating margin to expand compared to prior year. Over the long term we remain confident in our target of 4% to 5% plus organic growth for this segment and expect to see margins gradually expand LGMs levels or better by 2021. Turning now to our revised outlook for the company for 2018, we've raised our expectations for adjusted earnings per share and are now targeting to be in the range of $5.95 to $6.10. At the same time, weve incorporated the impact of the planned pension termination in our outlook for reported EPS. We've outlined some of the key contributing factors to our guidance on slide 9 of our supplemental presentation materials. In particular, just focusing on the changes from our last guidance, we now estimate that organic sales growth will be approximately 5% to 5.5% for the year at the high end of our long-term target range reflecting a higher end or a higher contribution from pricing to offset inflation. At recent exchange rates currency translation represents a roughly two-point addition to reported sales growth in a pretax operating income tailwind of roughly $18 million for the year, down from the roughly $35 million tailwind we anticipated in April. Due to the strengthening of the dollar in the back half of Q2, currency translation is expected to have a larger impact on the results for the back half of the year than it did for the quarter. And finally, we estimate average shares outstanding assuming dilution of roughly $89 million shares. In summary, we're pleased with the progress we've made this quarter. And we remain confident in our ability to achieve both our 2018 and long-term goals. Now, well open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question coming from the line of Edlain Rodriguez with UBS Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Edlain Rodriguez: One quick question on the organic world, I mean it was very strong this quarter. I mean would it be possible for you to say how much was price and then how much was like real fundamental value?
Mitch Butier: Yes, overall, we had a modest price benefit in the quarter particularly in LGM. As you know, we've announced pricing actions starting late last year in a number of the regions. Its a relatively modest impact in the second quarter and we expect that to continue to grow in the back half of the year given that we've announced further pricing actions in the middle part of the Q2 that went effect in late second quarter. So overall relatively modest impact in Q2, but we expect that to grow as we move through the back half.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: Thanks for all the details. Good morning to you. Two questions to start and I'll turn it over. One, can you review some of the statistics you had shared on performance in LGM in Asia and what kind of sequential trend you saw there and what kind of exit rate you're seeing into the third quarter. Recognizing, obviously, a very, very short lead times on your business so just because things might be doing one thing early in a quarter, doesn't mean it's going to work out that way and later in the quarter. And then the second question I had to the extent possible can you comment on what benefit you should get from the restructuring actions in LGM in 2019 from the 2018 charges? If you've mentioned in the past, forgive me for asking you to go what you covered in the past?
Mitch Butier: So, I'll start with the restructuring question in LGM, as we said most of that savings won't start to kick in until 2020, so little to no savings in 2019, we'll still be doing some transitioning in 2019 and actually have some incremental transition costs next year versus our baseline. So, overall no savings in 2019 that'll really kicking in 2020. In LGM Asia, I think our trends have been relatively consistent there as we've seen strong growth across the number of the emerging countries in Asia and we expect that to continue as we go in the back half. In China, in 2017, we saw high single-digit growth across the year, bounced around a little bit by quarter due to some of the price increase timings weve talked about. But overall high single-digit growth and we expect to continue seeing mid-to-high-single-growth in 2018 and going forward in China. In South Asia, we're seeing strong growth in India. It's been generally in the high teens and we expect that to continue as well and we've seen relatively a good growth in ASEAN as well in the high single-digits. So we don't see much change in the trends there overall across Asia.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: On LGM, you know sales grew 7% and margins were sort of flattish. And I think you cited higher employee costs and raw material costs. Is it possible to quantify kind of roughly how much of the impact of those two items were? And I think you've indicated the raw material costs you should recover some of that in the second half, with the higher employee related costs is that something we can expect to continue into the second half as well?
Mitch Butier: So as you said we had an overall relatively modest impact of the net impact of pricing and inflation in the quarter. And just as you indicated, we expect to largely cover that in the back half for the pricing actions we took near the end of Q2. Employee cost increases are largely, due to the kind of annual wage inflation that took place basically in the middle of the second quarter, so that will continue through the back half, but nothing more unusual than that from the employee cost perspective in LGM.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Gaffner: My question was more on the guidance, just sort of as we look at the raise to the full year. Obviously, if the negative from currency a little bit of a positive benefit from share repurchase and then on organic goes a little bit higher. But when we look at that organic I mean how much of that organic is better volumes versus a better outlook for say price cost or pricing in the second half of the year, it didn't sound like your view on price cost was that much better because you're getting pricing, but the costs are going higher, so just really trying to flesh out that change in the organic and how that contributes to the higher earnings guidance?
Mitch Butier: Yes, Scott. So, as you indicated a lot of the increase in the organic growth is actually due to the extra pricing actions that we started taking as we saw further inflation in the second quarter since the last time we've talked. So, we've taken further pricing across each of the regions. We don't see underlying volumes being much different in the back half from what they were in the first half. We do have a couple of headwinds in the back half such as some of the price increase pre-buys we had last year in Q4, ahead of some of the actions we took last year that weren't effective early Q1, as well as in RBIS, we had a tailwind the last year basically due to some embellishment sales related to the World Cup. And that's a headwind and for us in the back half as that has now gone past. So, overall, we don't see outside of those couple timing related things much change in the organic volume growth rate, but we'll see some incremental price in the back half from what we saw in the first half. And as you mentioned on currency overall, the net impact of currency and share count is roughly I think $0.10 to $0.11 for the year, the majority of that as I said earlier is really in the back half as the currency rates were moving across the second quarter. We saw some impact in June and we'll really see the larger impact versus our previous guidance in the second half of the year.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of John P. McNulty with BMO. Please proceed with your question.
John McNulty: So I guess, with regard to the RFID platform and the strength that you're seeing there, I guess, can you give us a little bit of color as to where that strength is coming from, if it's more on the existing customers just using you more or if it's on increased engagements and turn-ons, I guess? If you can just give us a little bit of color on that? And then, I guess, as a follow-up question, just on the tariff side, I understand, for the most part, you're making product where it gets used, so you probably don't see any issues directly yourselves. But I guess, when you think about the potential for indirect exposure because of the customers that you're servicing and what they may have to entail, can you give us any thoughts on how you think the tariff issues may impact you, if they do at all?
Mitch Butier: So just as far as RFID, what's driving the growth, it continues to be across all stages of the pipeline. We are seeing within apparel continued ramp and there are some customers who were already in full adoption where we're seeing growth as they further deploy it. Other ones are moving from a pilot into full adoption that are driving the growth. So it's basically a consistent trend of what we've seen of people moving through the pipeline and several customers at a time at any point in a particular year that are driving a vast majority of the growth within apparel and then outside of apparel continue to see a lot of exciting opportunities going on largely in the early stage of the pipeline we're working through the business cases and various pilots the pipeline within that area is over 65% particularly in few food beauty and aviation. We've discussed our three end markets that we're working to develop and it's still early stages. The revenue from those are about 5% of our overall RFID growth, 5% of our overall RFID business that is. But the pipeline in those areas are growing even faster than what we're seeing overall, the revenue growth is growing fastener we're seeing overall. So a good trends across the board both in apparel as well as outside of apparel. And the second question, sorry there was - sorry, John. Second question on tariffs. Thank you, Cindy. So specifically you're right the direct impact is relatively modest as far as the indirect impact other than what assumptions you might make about what that might do to the macro environment which would obviously affect us. We really think about our standpoint as you know we manufacture goods in the region which were - they are ultimately sold and for anything that may happen particularly around apparel where if there is some disruption between China and the U.S., we think we're well placed to work with our customers and our markets as the industry would need to rebalance demand and supply given our global presence and that's something that we would be able to leverage our position to support our customers to make the transition that they would need to make. So overall don't expect any real direct impact and the indirect impact would be based on what your assumptions are around the macro.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Krueger: This is actually Matt Krueger sitting in for Ghansham. So my question is can you comment on what drove the outsize growth across your base RBIS business during the quarter and is this a dynamic that you foresee could continue moving forward throughout the remainder of the year?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So overall what we're seeing in the base RBIS business is a continuation of the trend we've been talking about our transformation and focusing really on getting more competitive faster and simpler has enabled us to consistently gain share for a couple of years now that is continuing and we're seeing it both in U.S. and North America. And then the other factors we don't have the data yet on what we think markets are doing in Q2 itself, but I think there is a general pickup probably in the apparel and retail landscape overall. So those are the two key drivers in the base. In addition, we did have a little bit easier comps as Greg highlighted in his prepared remarks just around the timing of holidays and so forth that depressed Q2 of last year a little bit.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Josephson: Greg, just one more on the organic growth guidance and what happened in 2Q. So correct me if I'm wrong, but I think you said that virtually all of the increase in your organic sales growth guidance is a result of price rather than volume such that your full year volume outlook hasn't changed much if at all. If indeed that's the case, why were LGM sales above your expectations in the quarter, was that also price related?
Greg Lovins: Yes. I think overall, just as you said, the larger the increase in our guidance is largely price related again driven by the fact that we did another round of price increases late in Q2 that was not in our guidance when we talked a quarter ago. So it is really the largest increase there. And again I mentioned earlier some of the timing challenges overall. I think otherwise, I mean, we did have some extra price in Q2, related to those increases that took effect in the middle to late part of the quarter, so that was a little bit of the impact in second quarter as well as just continued strong performance across the different regions. So in both North America and Europe, we had kind of mid to high or sorry, low to mid-single-digit growth in each of those regions in the quarter and we had strong performances across the emerging regions in the second quarter as well. So really just good strong performance across each of the regions helped drive the strong Q2 volumes.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Kapsch: My question focuses around the emerging markets and the growth trends there, but also in the past youve characterized emerging markets and this relates to primarily to LGM you've characterized the business in those regions as above average in terms of profitability. Im just wondering if that's still the case and if you could just talk about the maybe the regional industry structure in those areas which sort of leads to that and if there is any changes in the way you see the competitive landscape or the industry structure addressing those emerging markets is changing? Thanks.
Mitch Butier: So overall as far as the emerging market growth trends as Greg commented on pretty broad base and strong consistently above average. I think the only thing really to note that exceptions to just what we've seen over the last year, if you will India came in extremely strong as you recall we had relatively easier comps within India Q2 of last year there was the goods and service tax introduction and a number of other changes and regulations that were going on. So that came in even a little bit stronger than expected, continue to see strong growth though across all the emerging markets. Essentially the only exceptions to that broad theme are Middle East and Africa are flattish and Korea for some macro reasons, we think Korea is not showing the same level of growth overall. So consistently strong and as far as the EBIT margins within emerging regions yes they tended to be a little bit higher on average. The magnitude of that has diminished over time largely as we've raised the EBIT margins within some of the other mature regions over that timeframe as well. So still true but to a lesser degree than we've previously discussed.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: Thanks for taking my follow on. Two questions for you. One on RFID and then one on the pension plan accounting. On RFID, Mitch, if you can comment a bit further in terms of whether youre seeing any additional trialing and piloting by customers or in the better than 20% growth are you more or less seeing the same cadence? The reason I ask, I remember you saying your guidance is 15% to 20% or better than that, that your growth rate in 2Q was obviously at the higher end of your range. So I'm trying to parse what's driving that whether it's piloting or more adoption by existing customers? On the second question, can you just explain in simpler terms how you get a $600 million charge next year from terminating the pension plan and funding it to the tune of $240 million, recognizing if non-cash? Thank you.
Mitch Butier: Yes, so, just specifics on RFID. Again it's following what we typically would see as far as how program has moved through the pipeline. So what the key drivers of the growth was broad-based across that. And so the biggest dollar drivers would be people moving from, firms moving from pilot into full adoption or others that were in the early stages of full adoption last year further progressing. But if you look at on a relative basis, actually the biggest single movers actually items in the early stage of the pipeline, the early stage of the pipeline have actually increased even faster than later stage of the pipeline, which is what you would expect for a technology and a program thats in a stage of development. So still early days relatively speaking in apparel and we see significant opportunity as you know and weve talked about in the past, in food, in aviation, and in beauty.
Greg Lovins: George to your second question on pension I think overall that $600 million charge relates to your part of the pension liabilities sits on the balance sheet in OCI and that's something that as we settle that actually as it gets released to the P&L. Similar to a couple of years ago when we did a lump sum we had a charge related to that lump sum for the portion of that lump sum that was sitting in our OCI on the balance sheet. So that's basically relates to future payouts that would have been expected over time that will now happen over the next couple of quarters.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Josephson: Mitch, just one broad question. First of all kudos to you on another really good quarter. You guys have beaten and raised - you've raised your guidance for I don't know how many quarters in a row or years in a row for that matter. If you had to parse out how much is something you're doing versus just industry conditions having been consistently better than you expected that the previous quarter, how much would you tribute to which pocket and just give us a broad sense for what you think transpired over that period?
Mitch Butier: So I think it's a number of factors, Adam. So thank you. We are in growing markets and 50% of the portfolio is exposed to - are the two key catalysts for growth either a high value segments or emerging markets that clearly is a good position to be. Second we're extremely well positioned within those growing markets and in our two primary businesses we are the market leaders and continue to gain share over time as we leverage our competitive advantages. And then last around our strategy, our four key strategies we moved to this a couple of years ago really desegregating - this aggregating our approach to the marketplace. Our cost structure and so forth and we said when we laid out the long-term targets that those were not just aspirations for those who have commitments and that we had a redundancy of strategies in play to make sure we can deliver on those commitments. And what you're seeing is in our execution of those strategies, we're hitting a lot more wins than losses if you will. And so all three of those combined with just having the best team within the industry, I'd say, are the recipe for success that's been enable us to be in this position.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: I just had a follow-up on IHM. When you think about recovering cost inflation, how do you characterize price cost recovery in IHM maybe compared to LGM and RBIS. Is it sort of equivalent or is it a different model. And then you know with IHM I think you've spoken about realizing synergies from the larger LGM business with adhesives and leveraging personnel from the LGM team. Just wondering if you can give an update on that as well?
Greg Lovins: Sure. So just as far as inflation within IHM, IHM there has not been as much inflation relative to the size that business a lot of the inflation we've talked about if you look year-over-year, it has been paper based and if you look going forward in the second half versus the first half it's largely paper based. So there's been some, but it's been more modest if you will. And second, a number of the IHM categories lend themselves in some areas, if there is inflation that you put through annual price increase and so forth, so not really a story within IHM. And then as far as the progress of IHM being able to leverage the capabilities within LGM, that is progressing. We talked to the previous couple of quarters that it was not where we wanted it to be. We took a little bit longer, but some of the margin improvement that you see here in the second quarter that you're starting to see the fruits from all those initiatives to do so and we see more opportunity to do so going forward as well. So that is getting good traction now and is I think a key strategic element of our focus here building the IHM platform on top of the strengths of LGM.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Butier, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to you for any closing remarks.
Mitch Butier: All right, well, great, thank you. So obviously another good quarter and what we think is going to shape up to be another great year as we continue to execute our strategies and leverage our market leading positions in growing markets. And I just want to thank our entire team within Avery Dennison for once again delivering a great result. Thank you everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-25 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Cynthia S. Guenther - Avery Dennison Corp. Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp. Gregory S. Lovins - Avery Dennison Corp.
Analysts: Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research John P. McNulty - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter ended March 31, 2018. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 11:00 a.m. Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, April 28. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or +1-402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21857411. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance. Please go ahead, madam.
Cynthia S. Guenther - Avery Dennison Corp.: Thank you, Dimitra. Today, we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited first quarter results. Please note that throughout today's discussion, we'll be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified, and reconciled with GAAP on Schedules A-4 to A-7 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. Please also note that we have adopted the new pension accounting requirements under ASU 2017-07, applying the rules retrospectively to facilitate comparisons. These changes in presentation do not impact net income or earnings per share, but they do have a modest favorable impact on operating margins for the total company and our business segments generally in the 20-basis-point to 30-basis-point range. You can find reconciliations of historical results reflecting the impact of this accounting change at the Investor section of our website. We remind you that during this call, we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Thanks, Cindy; and good day, everyone. We're off to a good start for the year. Sales grew 7% on a constant currency basis, adjusted operating margin expanded by 30 basis points, and adjusted EPS grew 30%, with all three of our operating segments meeting our expectations. Label and Graphic Materials delivered another quarter of solid growth with sales up roughly 3.5% organically. High value categories in emerging markets continued to deliver above average growth, and the price increases we implemented over the last few months are largely sticking. As expected, overall volume growth was a bit slower than usual due to the timing factors that we discussed previously, and we are already seeing a pickup here in the second quarter. Operating margins remained strong in Q1 for LGM, once again demonstrating the resilience of this business, given the inflationary pressures that we've been facing. To ensure continued high returns for LGM and further improve our competitiveness, we recently approved a large multi-year restructuring plan tied to the consolidation of our footprint in Europe. Leveraging the added capacity and capabilities from both our Luxembourg expansion as well as the acquired Mactac plant, this restructuring will further enhance our competitive position in the region. The plan includes a series of actions including the shut down or movement of several coating assets, as well as the closure of a plant in Schwelm, Germany. When complete, the project is expected to yield $25 million of annualized savings beginning in 2020. Retail Branding and Information Solutions delivered another strong quarter, with solid top line growth and significant margin expansion driven by the execution of our transformation strategy and continued strength in RFID. RFID grew more than 20% in the quarter as the markets for these products continued to build momentum. We're seeing increased engagement among apparel retailers and brands across all stages of the pipeline as well as promising early stage developments in other end markets. We continue to increase our pace of investment in both business development and capacity expansion to further strengthen our position here. Excluding RFID, sales for the base apparel business were up modestly, reflecting demand in underlying apparel markets and the timing of holidays. The relatively low growth of apparel markets in the developed regions over the past few years reinforces our laser focus on productivity improvement in RBIS, while we continue to target share gains through product innovation and superior service and quality. Overall, we're pleased with the progress we've made in the business since the start of the transformation and expect to deliver another year of solid growth and margin expansion. In the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment, we met our expectations for the quarter in terms of both the top and bottom lines, and the team is making good progress integrating last year's acquisitions. Operating margin declined significantly due to the impact of acquisitions and investment spending. Now while this is in line with our expectations for the quarter, we're obviously not where we want to be on this front. We're however ramping up our productivity initiatives and expect to see meaningful sequential margin improvement here in the second quarter. We remain confident that we will achieve our growth and margin targets for this business over the longer term. All-in-all, another good quarter. Our strategic playbook continues to work for us as we focus on our four overarching priorities: driving outsized growth in high-value product categories; growing profitably in our base businesses; relentlessly pursuing productivity improvement; and remaining disciplined in our approach to capital management. By consistently executing this playbook, we are positioning the company for superior value creation over the long-term, including our plan to deliver our seventh consecutive year of strong top line growth and double-digit adjusted EPS growth here in 2018. Now, I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory S. Lovins - Avery Dennison Corp.: Thanks, Mitch, and hello, everybody. As Mitch mentioned, we delivered a very solid start to the year. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.44, up 30% compared to prior year, which was about a $0.05 above our expectations, to equally to better operational performance and the benefit of currency translation. We grew sales by 6.8%, excluding currency, split roughly evenly between organic growth and the benefit of acquisitions. And currency translation added 6.2% to reported sales growth in the quarter, with an $0.11 benefit to EPS compared to the same period last year. Adjusted operating margin increased by 30 basis points to 10.6%, as the benefits from productivity and higher volume more than offset higher employee related costs and the impact of increased investment spending. Productivity gains this quarter included approximately $11 million of net restructuring savings, most of which benefited RBIS. And free cash flow was negative $20 million in the quarter, roughly comparable to prior year. And recall that free cash flow is typically negative in the first quarter due to seasonality. And in the quarter, we repurchased nearly 450,000 shares at an aggregate cost of $52 million and we paid $40 million in dividends. Net of dilution, our share count declined by approximately 200,000 shares compared to the year-end 2017. So turning now to the segment results for the quarter. Label and Graphic Materials sales were up 4% excluding currency, reflecting about a 0.5 point benefit from the acquisition of Hanita in March of last year. Organic sales growth of roughly 3.5% reflected modestly above average growth for high-value product lines and solid growth for the base business. The results for high-value categories were driven by continued strong growth of specialty and durable label materials and low-single digit growth for the combined Graphics and Reflective product lines. Sales for Graphics and Reflective came in a bit below expectations, which appears to largely be timing-related as we've seen a pickup early in the second quarter. And recall that we had estimated our organic growth for total LGM in the fourth quarter of last year benefited by about a 0.5 point from customers pre-buying in advance of price increases that we had announced for January. This fact, combined with other timing related factors that benefited Q1 of last year, created a total growth headwind of roughly 1 point for LGM in the quarter. And breaking down LGM's organic growth in the quarter by region, North America and Western Europe were both up low to mid-single digits. And growth in emerging markets was mid-single digits, with continued strong growth in South Asia and mid-single digit growth in China. And operating margin for the segment remained strong, up 20 basis points on an adjusted basis to 13%, as the benefits from increased volume and productivity more than offset higher employee-related cost and a modest net negative impact from pricing and raw material cost. The impact of raw material inflation was in line with our expectations for the quarter. And while we expect some modest sequential inflation in the second quarter, we expect we'll continue to mitigate this through pricing and product reengineering. So shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions, RBS (sic) [RBIS] delivered another excellent quarter. As Mitch indicated, the team continues to execute extremely well on its business model transformation, enabling market share gains while driving significant margin expansion. RBS (sic) [RBIS] sales were up 3% organically driven by RFID, which grew by more than 20%, and partially offset by a headwind from the timing of holidays that impacted base business growth. Adjusted operating margin for this segment expanded by 170 basis points to 10.2%, driven by the benefits of productivity and higher volume, as well as the reduction in intangibles amortization. These benefits were partially offset by higher employee-related cost and the impact of higher investment spending. With our adjusted margin above 10% for the seasonally softest quarter, we remain confident it will be solidly within our long-term target of 10% to 12% for the full year. And finally turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segments, with the benefit of the Yongle and Finesse Medical acquisitions, sales rose 42%, excluding currency, while sales growth on an organic basis was 3%, reflecting above average growth in Industrial categories, partially offset by relatively flat sales in Healthcare-related categories. And within Healthcare, sales in our Vancive Medical business, growth remained strong. Adjusted operating margin declined by 430 basis points, driven largely by the impact of acquisitions and other investment spending. And as we've discussed, over the coming years, we expect to see operating margin for this segment gradually expand to LGM's level or better, achieving our long-term targets for the business by 2021. So turning now to our revised outlook for 2018, we have raised our expectations for adjusted earnings per share and are now targeting to be in the range of $5.85 to $6.05. At the same time, we've increased our estimate for after tax restructuring cost to reflect the new LGM restructuring in Europe that Mitch described, which results in a reduction to our outlook for reported EPS. And we've outlined some other key contributing factors to our guidance on slide 9 of our Supplemental Presentation Materials. In particular, we estimate that organic sales growth will be approximately 4% for the year, in line with what we've delivered over the last few years. The impact of acquisitions on sales is approximately 1.5% from closed deals. In recent exchange rates, currency translation represents a roughly 4-point addition to reported sales growth and a pre-tax operating income tailwind of roughly $35 million. And we estimate that incremental pre-tax savings from restructuring actions will contribute between $25 million and $30 million in 2018. This estimate has been reduced from our original expectation for the year, reflecting the impact of higher transition cost associated with the LGM restructuring. And we continue to expect a tax rate in the mid-20s and we assume 25% for purposes of our EPS guidance, consistent with our pro forma tax rate in Q1. And we anticipate spending between $250 million and $270 million on fixed capital and IT projects, a modest increase from our outlook earlier this year, reflecting an acceleration of capacity expansion for RFID as well as spending related to LGM's European footprint consolidation. And note, the cash cost associated with our just announced restructuring charge, combined with modestly higher CapEx this year, is consistent with the cumulative five-year spending target and our long-term capital allocation plan. And, finally, we estimate average shares outstanding, assuming dilution, of 89 million to 90 million shares. So, 14:15 in summary, we're pleased with the progress we've made this quarter and we remain confident in our ability to achieve both our 2018 and long-term goals. And now, we'll open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Good morning, Scott.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Greg, you mentioned the $25 million of cost savings in LGM by 2020. Could you talk about cost to achieve those synergies and then also when I look at the estimated restructuring items, it went from $0.20 up to $0.95, it seems like a relatively large restructuring charge related to that project. Can you just explain why the restructuring charge goes up so much in regards to that?
Gregory S. Lovins - Avery Dennison Corp.: Sure. I think as we indicated here, we have about $70 million of costs related to this restructuring charge with about $7 million of that related to asset impairments and the other related to cash severance costs. In addition to that, as we said we have a little bit of cost that in our adjusted EPS is transition cost this year as well as a little bit of capital spending associated with that project as well.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And as far as restructuring within RBIS, have we run the course on restructuring on RBIS or is there more to come. I know you mentioned a rather sizable benefit from past restructuring, just can you give us an update where we stand on that effort?
Gregory S. Lovins - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. So as you know, we've continued kind of a multi-year restructuring effort within RBIS and we continue to see some carryover benefits from things that we executed last year and have continued to execute as we've entered the first quarter. So largely the restructuring savings that we expect to get in 2018 are largely RBIS-related, offset by transition costs that we have in the LGM business in 2018.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: And Scott, I'd just add that we're always looking for sources of restructuring and productivity to continue to drive competitiveness in margin expansion. So, I think as Greg laid out, larger charge right now and cash outlay related to this specific program, but as far as if you look over the five-year horizon, our overall capital allocation strategy, this fits right in within the overall long-term strategy and we consistently look for opportunities to drive productivity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Company. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Hello, Ghansham.
Gregory S. Lovins - Avery Dennison Corp.: Good morning.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning, Mitch and everyone. So first off in Graphics and Reflectives and the low single-digit growth in the first quarter, you called out timing in your prepared comments, can you first off expand on that? And also, as a catch-up there, what is behind your view that core sales growth will be better in the second quarter year-over-year or are you seeing the growth pickup more broadly across your portfolio?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yes. So, as I mentioned, Graphics and Reflective were roughly low single-digit growth in the first quarter. We did see a little bit of a pick up here as we've entered the second quarter and as we said, most of that we think is somewhat timing related, as it is for much of the LGM segment in the quarter, and we would expect little bit better growth rate as we go into the second quarter as we had some of these comp issues last year that we've talked about that were an impact against us in Q1, we expect it to be a little bit of a tailwind in the second quarter from a growth rate perspective.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just since you last reported, there's obviously been a significant increase in crude oil prices, lot of your customers across the CPG space are calling out freight costs having gone up significantly, et cetera. Can you just update us on your view on inflation and also the various pricing initiatives you have underway? Thanks.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Sure. So inflation in the first quarter came in largely as we had expected it to from a sequential perspective from Q4 to Q1, driven by some of the things you mentioned around petrochemical related increases, particularly in North America and some paper-related increases in other parts of the world, Europe and Asia as well. And we expect to see some modest sequential inflation going into the second quarter also. As we talked about last time, we implemented some pricing actions across the globe in early Q1, we announced most of those in late Q4, so they've gone into effect largely in the first quarter and we'll see some sequential benefit from pricing into Q2 as a result of those as well. So overall, we continue to expect to be able to largely mitigate the sequential inflation we'll see through both the pricing actions as well as through continued product reengineering efforts as we've done in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research: Hi, everyone. Good morning.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Hi, George.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research: Thanks for all the details. Hey, so I want to ask my first set of questions really just around the restructuring and I forget who asked whether it was Ghansham or Scott, but what's left on the restructuring program benefits beyond or separate from the one that you'll be getting out of the $25 million from this latest program that you shouldn't accrue. That should accrue this year.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Not sure I exactly understand the questions, George.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research: Let me try it again. From your existing restructuring programs, not the one you just announced in Europe, what's the net residual restructuring benefit you should get this year from that and for that matter into the future what's left of benefits?
Gregory S. Lovins - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. Some of the actions, as we said, we expect roughly $35 million or so of incremental restructuring savings this year, offset by some of the transition costs that we've talked about. Most of that savings is related to actions that we've taken in RBS (sic) [RBIS] and either executed last year or in the process of executing right now as well.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research: Okay. So $35 million and you've got $11 million of that so far in the first quarter, did I hear that right?
Gregory S. Lovins - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yes. From a net perspective, yes.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research: Okay.
Cynthia S. Guenther - Avery Dennison Corp.: George, just to be clear...
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research: Hey, Cindy.
Cynthia S. Guenther - Avery Dennison Corp.: ...the $35 million is gross before transition cost, so the number that we provided for the first quarter would also be net of transition cost.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research: Okay. Okay. Understood. The second question I had, you went fairly quickly in going through what you're going to do in Europe and recognizing there are sensitivities around this sort of thing, can you give us a bit more color in terms of what you hope to accomplish or what some of the operating steps will be in the restructuring related to LGM in Europe?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Sure. So we're closing a plant in Schwelm, Germany, and we are shutting down several coaters and we'll be moving one key asset from Schwelm, Germany to one of our other facilities in Belgium. So that's the plan we will be unfolding here over the next 18 months. And really the focus here is around getting the business continuing to focus on remaining competitive so we can grow profitably both within the base business as well as the high value categories. And this fits in with our long-term strategy for continuing to drive profitable growth across the product portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO. Please go ahead.
John P. McNulty - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions. On the European restructuring, I know you've been bringing up some capacity or have plans to bring up some capacity. I guess how should we think about the net effect between the capacity that's coming out because it does sound like a little is coming out but maybe not all of it, I guess how should we be thinking about the net effect in terms of your growth in Europe around capacity?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. So as we've said, the investments that we've been making are just consistent with the overall growth strategy that we have and what we're seeing within the industry. Now obviously, the investments as we make them, these are assets that last for a long time. So specifically within this type of asset that we've installed with Lux 3, we see we have enough capacity for growth for the next eight years or so within the emulsion, adhesive laminating that we have. So that's our expectations overall. And as we've talked about in the past, these assets can be ramped up slowly bringing on one shift and two as we rebalance capacity across various assets.
John P. McNulty - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. And then for the IHM business, you had indicated I guess in your prepared remarks significant margin uplift I guess coming even in the second quarter. I guess it didn't sound like a whole lot of the things that you were doing were necessarily kind of flip-the-switch type move. So I guess I'm curious where the confidence comes in and kind of what actions you're taking where sequentially you're going to see that big of a move in terms of the margins?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. We've been talking about this for a couple of quarters now about the need to ramp up our productivity initiatives within this business, and we weren't where we wanted to be. And so, actually, this is not flip-the-switch to your point. This has been underway for the last few quarters, and we said by middle of this year that we would start seeing traction. And Q1 is where we're seeing the pivot point and from here on out we expect to see the margin expansion start to come through.
John P. McNulty - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thanks very much for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Gregory S. Lovins - Avery Dennison Corp.: Hi, Adam.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Greg, just a couple questions on the guidance, if you don't mind. So just to be clear on the moving pieces here, so you picked up $0.13 on currency. It sounds like you had better operations in the quarter which are, I guess, being offset by the additional transition costs that you're incurring. Is that right?
Gregory S. Lovins - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. I think that's characterized fairly well, Adam. So we had beaten Q1, was roughly $0.05 or so from our expectations with about half of that from operating performance and about half of that from currency. And we essentially carry that and we have a little bit higher transition costs, as you said. And then we have a benefit of currency based on where rates are today in the outlook.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And what are your FX assumptions now versus before, Greg?
Gregory S. Lovins - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. So our FX assumption going into the year, the euro was around $1.19. Today, we're roughly $1.23 on the euro rate (25:18) change in assumption.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Sure. And just on developed versus emerging markets, can you just remind me what trends you saw in the quarter and to what extent they differed at all from what you had seen throughout last year?
Gregory S. Lovins - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. So I don't think we saw a significant difference. I think our growth in North America and Europe, particularly in LGM, was in the kind of low to mid-single digit range, relatively consistent with what we'd seen over the last few quarters. And our growth in the emerging regions overall was in the mid-single digit range. So we continue to see good growth in India and South Asia, continue to see mid-single digit growth in China as we mentioned before as well. So, overall, I think the growth in the quarter was pretty solid broad-based across the globe from a market perspective as well as from our organic growth rates across the regions.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Hey.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: The restructuring program is quite extensive, and when we look at the CapEx step-up, it seems like CapEx is going to be around 3.5% of sales this year. Maybe going back five, six years it was below 3%. I guess my question is how would you characterize returns at this point in the economic cycle? Is your 17% plus returns target impacted at all by these moves? And then with the step-up in CapEx this year, should we expect that to roll off in 2019 or maybe stays elevated in 2019, rolls off in 2020, or any kind of broad thoughts you could share there?
Gregory S. Lovins - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yes. Maybe I'll first step back in terms of overall capital allocation. So we've talked a little bit about CapEx and restructuring, and I'll touch on the other components as well. Overall, our capital allocation strategy remains the same. We're looking at investing 30% to 35% of our available capital in organic capital investments and restructuring. And we will continue to be within that target that we've communicated over the last year or so. And then we're looking to continue to return about 20% of our available cash through dividends to shareholders. And then we have about 45% to 50% of our available cash for M&A and share buyback. And we expect with these changes to be able to continue to deliver within what we've committed to over the last year or so. And these capital  or these capital spending and restructuring numbers are pretty much in line with those expectations as we had had and what we've communicated over the last year in regards between now and 2021. So we expect to still be within the targets that we've communicated there. And from a return perspective, we expect to still be able to continue delivering at that 17% or above level as well.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: And so, Anthony, just to further elaborate on what Greg said. I think this program looks a little bit more expensive than a number of the other programs relative to savings, and we've consistently said, restructuring programs in Europe tend to be more expensive. So this is consistent with what we've seen in the past and our expectation. And the returns on this initiative, specifically are a multiple of our cost of capital and above the overall returns on capital. I think you're talking about  that we've talked about achieving around top quartile returns within the business. So it's consistent with our capital allocation strategy, as Greg laid out. It's consistent as far as costs relative to the benefit that is typical for what we see in Europe, and it's consistent with the returns profile for what we're targeting for the long-term within the business.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just two follow-on questions on IHM. I guess first, in terms of the sequential margin step up in 2Q, apologies if I missed this, but any quantification of what that could look like from 1Q to 2Q? And then second, you have a fair amount of balance sheet flexibility. Could you just talk about the kind of M&A environment for these kind of adjacent industrial and healthcare businesses, what you're seeing in terms of availability of assets but also just sort of valuation?
Gregory S. Lovins - Avery Dennison Corp.: Sure. So as far as IHM, we expect a meaningful increase from Q1 to Q2. What does that mean? I'd roughly say 1.5 points is what you should be thinking about going into Q2. On the M&A front, we continue to have a rich pipeline of companies that we're engaging with. These tend to be engagements that can last long period of time and then suddenly ramp up and move from a slow courtship to a quick deal. So it's hard to predict the exact timing of when things may come through, but we're having lots of good active discussions broad-based but particularly within IHM. But nothing to say that I'd say overall if you look over the coming years that the pace would be meaningfully different than what we've seen over the past few years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. I'd like to go back to the cost of the restructuring. You're laying off 150 people, and so in the scheme of things, maybe that's $15 million or $30 million at the most, but the restructuring charges in cash is roughly $63 million pre-tax. Can you explain the difference of where the large costs are? And how much does this change your capacity in Europe? Does it expand it by 5% or 3% or leave it the same? Can you quantify something?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. So, first of all, on the cost of restructuring, so the net impact of the head count reduction is roughly 150 head count reduction. The gross impact is higher, closer to the 400 head count reduction range as we're closing a facility and moving many of those assets into other facilities. So the gross reduction that leads to a higher severance cost is a bigger number than what the net head count reduction would be. In terms of capacity, as we're moving a few assets from one site to other sites in that closure, we don't have a significant change in capacity and in this case we're utilizing capacity from the Luxembourg investment that we've talked about in the past as well as some capacity from the Mactac investment that we have made a little over year ago.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: How does the cash outlay split between this year and next year?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: The majority of the cash outlay is severance related and the majority of that will end up in 2019.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So it's maybe 60% next year, 40% this year. Is that what majority means?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: No. Much higher percentage, closer to 90% or so in 2019.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: 90%. Okay. If I could just ask one question on RFID. Can you remind me, do your RFID revenues come from the use of RFID in warehouses in order to locate and track particular items, or are your RFID revenues stemming from more straightforward retail application?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Well, the answer is both, Jeff. We see broad applications for RFID in general, and we're seeing a ramp up now. The biggest initial adopter is within apparel retail, which is  the RFID is used both from their supply chain because they're tagged at source all the way through to retail or omni-channel through e-commerce. So the apparel channel uses it through their warehousing, their entire supply chain, including the retail floor. And we're also seeing applications for warehouse management and so forth. As I said, we're seeing a buildup of momentum within RFID. I was at the RFID LIVE trade show just a few weeks ago. I will say the pace of excitement continues to build, and it's becoming much more broad-based and our pipeline is up quite significantly from last year about 65% increase in the pipeline, and half of that now is coming from non-apparel category. So significant ramp up in the amount of energy and excitement around this, and people seeing the benefits that it will bring. We've got the team that's the market leadership of how to adopt RFID, and we clearly bring unique capabilities as far as unique inlays that we can design around antenna design and so forth. So we're well positioned here. We're investing significantly to be able to capture this market share and drive adoption across a broad set of categories.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edlain Rodriguez with UBS Securities. Please go ahead.
Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Not sure if you addressed that already. I may have missed that. Volume trends seem to have decelerated a little bit for all the segments. Exactly what's going on there? Like are you seeing any softness in certain product lines or regions or is it something else, is it like purely timing or seasonality?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. So I think as we talked about in LGM in particular, it's typically timing related. So as we mentioned, we had some pre-buys in the fourth quarter related to some pricing actions earlier this year. Last year in the first quarter we had some pre-buys related to the price increases that have been announced for the second quarter a year ago. And we had the timing impact of the Easter holiday which fell partially in Q1 this year and was in Q2 in prior year. If we net all those things together, for LGM it's about 1 point to the overall organic growth rates. So that puts us kind of squarely on our expectations if you adjust for that. I think with the other businesses, at IHM we had solid growth in our industrial categories, around 5%, and we had solid growth in our Vancive Medical business. And we still had some impact from the program loss we had talked about over the last number of quarters. If you adjust for that, organic growth in IHM would have been closer to 4% and more or less in line with our expectations as well. So no other really changes in expectations on volume outside of the timing impacts that we have discussed.
Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's fine. That's it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. I actually would like to  well, good morning, everyone first, or good afternoon.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Good morning.
Gregory S. Lovins - Avery Dennison Corp.: Good morning.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: I first wanted to look  ask the previous question differently. If I look at organic growth for the entire company, it has declined over the past three quarters at 5.3%, at 0.7%, and now 3.4%. So I was wondering what is behind that in raw material inflationary environment? Are you losing volume because of price increases, or are there other factors?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. So, Rosemarie, if you look over the past couple years, I'd say the volume trends are very consistent with what we've been seeing. Specifically quarter-to-quarter, it's become a little bit more choppy, because when you're going through an inflationary period for one, you'll see pre-buy activity occur. And so last year, we talked about Q2 was below the normal because of both price increase levels as well as holidays. And then, Q3 and Q4 benefited from that and we knew that some volume is being pulled out of Q1 into Q4 and then, you also have the impact of holidays such as Easter, depressing Q1, which is why we're highlighting that. We expect Q2 to be above the usual level of growth. So, if you look over a number of quarters on just an averaging basis, the volume trends are very consistent. And I think broad-based, we're seeing actually in the market as well as our performance continued solid growth pretty much across the board. On the positive side, the exception to that would be India, which is coming out of the whole  Indian market coming out of the low point of growth last year because of the adoption of the Goods and Service Tax, and then the low point exception will probably be South Korea given the macro challenges that South Korea is going through. But overall, broad-based growth, pretty consistent our growth trends quarter-to-quarter just due to holiday timing and the effects of pre-buys which you will expect to see during an inflationary environment.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. That is really very helpful. And I was wondering if you have looked at the potential impact from tariffs on the retail side of your business and therefore on your operations?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yes. So, so far, our expectations on the tariff are pretty relatively at this point insignificant impact is our expectation right now. If over time that has an impact on volumes in retail or something that may be a different type of impact for us, but right now our expectation particularly to the tariffs is a relatively insignificant or immaterial impact at this point.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. I had one question focused on the competitive dynamic in the LGM business and particularly in the wake of the price increases that have happened. So the way it kind of went down is one of your big competitors introduced a relatively large price increase. My sense was a lot of smaller guys immediately followed, and then you came in with a lower price increase. So I'm just wondering when all the dust is now settled, was there any share shifts that took place or did some of the competitors sort of backpedal on the order of magnitude of the price increases that they were looking to get?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. So, Chris, it was pretty broad-based people, various companies putting through price increase. I'm not sure I'd say lead and follow. We put through a price increase that we needed and that was necessary to offset the inflationary pressures we were seeing. Now, when you go through this period of change, there's often a little bit of a share that might move a little bit within that period for a quarter or two. And so, you see account by account and that was pretty much what we've seen again, but on a macro I think our share position has been relatively stable. We don't have share data yet for Q1, but we expect it will be relatively stable through this period.
Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Thanks, and then just one follow-up on the growth rates around  in emerging markets in particular, I think, you characterized them as mid-single digits, including China mid-single digits. It seems like over a longer period of time that's definitely a deceleration. I'm just wondering how you would characterize that growth rate. Are you pleased or disappointed? Is there anything structurally going on there that would cause a lower growth rate over time other than simply the law of large numbers? Just wondering if you can provide a little bit color around the growth rate in emerging markets. Thank you.
Gregory S. Lovins - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yes. I think, over time, we've seen emerging markets at this pace mid-single to high-single digits over the last number of quarters through more or less in total roughly where we've been over the last four to six quarters. I think in China, it's been a little bit spiky given some of the price increase pre-buy impacts that we've talked about. So we grew mid-single digits this quarter. On the back of last year, we had a strong Q1 driven by price increase pre-buys that happened in April of last year. So I think the growth rate that we had in China this quarter was pretty solid in respect to the timing issues that we also faced there. So no real changes to the overall underlying demand that we've seen in the emerging regions, a little bit spikier as Mitch said a few minutes ago, but otherwise still feel pretty good about the growth prospects and what we've been delivering in the emerging regions.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: And, Chris, just to build on it. If you were to take a longer view, I think couple things to add. We had commented that China was in the consistently high single-digit for a number of years, and that's a moderated mid-single to upper single-digits. And South Asia has basically taken that place and ramped up the growth. And so, that shift within the emerging markets has been China continues to show strong growth, but slowed down a little bit, more consistent with GDP there. And South Asia continuing to grow well, ahead of GDP overall. And I think, your question about, is it the law of large numbers within China, I think that's absolutely part of it.
Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Right. And is it also maybe just obviously law of large numbers, I guess, but also just certainly not a saturation of the sort of the per capita consumption of labels. But it's just those economy where they are in terms of their maturation, I guess, is another way of thinking about it?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: No.
Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC: In terms of the per capita adoption of sort of label materials.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: We still see plenty of upside around the adoption of penetration of label materials, as well as the e-commerce trends.
Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets LLC: Right. Okay. Thank you.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research: Hi, thanks for taking the follow-up, guys. I'll ask them in one shot just to expedite things. First off, Mitch or Greg, can you remind us what you actually mean by the pipeline within RFID? Is that numbers of customers, is that volume, is that revenue, if you could just discuss what's in there? And relatedly, the RFID growth that we saw in the first quarter of 20% plus, congratulations on that. Is that still your expectation that we should see, if I remember correctly, that type of growth over the rest of the year, recognizing it can be a little bit chunky at times, might we see some deceleration in the next couple quarters after a strong 1Q? And my last question and I'll turn it over. With IHM obviously you've given us the answer to the quiz, you're looking for 150 basis points of sequential improvement. Aside from when you put out the next press release, what can we see from our side either from a macro market standpoint that would give us more or less confidence in you being able to achieve that goal for 2Q? Thanks and good luck on the quarter.
Gregory S. Lovins - Avery Dennison Corp.: Thanks, George. So just look on the pipeline comments we're having, the comments were specifically around number of engagements. But it's basically number of customers as well. There's only a handful of customers where there's more than one engagement going on. So it's largely one and the same when you read the trends that I commented on earlier around the 65% increase in the overall pipeline being spread between apparel and non-apparel. As far as our RFID growth expectations for the year, yeah, we said we expect this business to grow 15% to 20% over the long run and we commented that last year it was $250 million of revenue, we expect $300 million this year. So that's a 20% growth rate. So we'd expect the trend you saw in Q1 to continue through the rest of the year, maybe not quarter-by-quarter, but overall. And then last around IHM, this has  the reason we call out the amount of productivity that we're focused on here is I'd say that the ability to achieve the margin trends, clearly volume growth is key, but most of it's really around just internal productivity drive and not around macro trends outside. So our focus is really  the ability to achieve that's going to be more around our internal ability to execute more than anything else. Obviously that's barring any major slowdown in automotive or something else. So we're just assuming a consistent run of those industrial categories.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: I think, the other thing on IHM that gives us some confidence Q1 to Q2 is as you know we've made the acquisition last year of Yongle Tape, which is largely a Chinese based business. And Q1 is its softest quarter, as well as the impact of Chinese New Year in the first quarter. So we would expect to see a lift there from Q1 to Q2 and that's a sizable portion of the IHM segment at this point in time as well, so it's another factor driving the Q1 to Q2 benefit that we expect.
Operator: Mr. Butier, I'll turn the call back over to you for any closing remarks.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Okay, well great. Well, thank you everybody for joining the call and your interest in the company. We're off to a great start to what we believe will be another great year here within the company continuing to drive profitable growth across the entire portfolio focused on having GDP plus growth over the long run and top quartile returns. And just want to thank the entire team within Avery Dennison, truly tremendous capabilities and efforts across the entire team, and it's the strength of the team that gives me confidence that we're going to continue to drive forward. Thank you everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-31 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Cindy Guenther - VP, Investor Relations and Finance Mitch Butier - President and CEO Greg Lovins - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Matt Krueger - Robert W. Baird Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Chris Kapsch - Loop Capital
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Avery Dennisons Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year Ended December 30, 2017. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 11 a.m. Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time February 3rd. To access the replay, please dial 1800-633-8284 or 1402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21857410. I would now like to turn the conference over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennisons Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance. Please go ahead, madam.
Cindy Guenther: Thank you, Dmitri. Today well discuss our preliminary unaudited fourth quarter and full year results. Please note that throughout todays discussion we will be making references to non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on Schedules A-4 to A-8 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release and in the appendix of our supplemental presentation material. We remind you that we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in todays earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ill now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, Cindy, and good day, everyone. I am pleased to report another year of excellent progress towards our long-term strategic and financial goals. Sales grew 8% on a constant currency basis, adjusted operating margin expanded by 50 basis points and adjusted EPS grew 24%. Our Label and Graphic Materials business continues to reach new heights. Retail Branding and Information Solutions posted both strong topline growth and significant margin expansion, and we made progress in expanding the platform for Industrial and Healthcare Materials. This past year marked the companys sixth consecutive year of strong topline growth, margin expansion and double-digit adjusted EPS growth. This consistent performance reflects the resilience of our industry-leading market position, the strategic foundations we have laid and our agile and talented workforce. Our strategic playbook continues to work for us, as we focus on four overarching priorities; driving outsized growth in high-value product categories; growing profitably in our base businesses; relentlessly pursuing productivity improvement and remaining disciplined in our approach to capital management. Our strong topline growth in 2017 reflected the balance of contributions from acquisitions and organic growth ,driven by our large presence in emerging markets, as well as in our faster growing high-value categories such as specialty labels, industrial tapes, and of course, RFID. Emerging markets and high-value categories are the two key catalysts for growth across our entire portfolio. Roughly half of our total sales are now linked to one or both of these catalysts and we continue to target above average growth from them over the longer term. In addition to the successful execution of our strategy to expand in high-value categories, we also delivered solid growth in our base businesses, by carefully balancing the dynamics of price, volume and mix, by reducing complexity and by tailoring our go-to-market strategies. Now equally important the topline results, we also maintained our strong focus on continuous productivity improvement. Product reengineering, lean operating principles and the effective execution of our multiyear restructuring plans remain key to our success, not just as a means to expand margins, but to enhance our competitiveness, particularly in our base businesses and provide a funding source for reinvestment. Now I will just touch briefly on how each of these strategies are playing out in the segments. Label and Graphic Materials, our highest return business delivered another year of strong topline growth and continued margin expansion, reflecting continued above average growth from our exposure to emerging markets, our strategic focus on high-value categories and the ongoing contribution from productivity initiatives. Our strategy to expand our position in high-value categories, which include specialty labels, as I mentioned earlier, as well as graphics and reflective solutions is working. We delivered strong organic growth for these products in 2017 and further increased our exposure to them, with the acquisition of Hanita Coatings. Now on the productivity front, LGM consistently delivers. Our focus on material reengineering and continuous improvement through lean enables us to profitably grow our base business, while maintaining and expanding our strong returns. Retail Branding and Information Solutions delivered both strong topline growth and significant margin expansion, driven by the execution of our transformation strategy and continued strength in RFID. In terms of the base business, sales increased across most product lines and multiple customer categories, including performance athletic, premium and fast fashion. Our ability to grow this business in the face of challenging retail environment underscores the success of our multiyear transformation strategy, as our improvement in service, flexibility and speed continue to resonate with customers. RFID grew nearly 20% in 2017. We expect this business will represent close to $300 million in sales this year, as we continue to see increasing engagement with apparel, retailers and brands across all stages of the pipeline, as well as promising early-stage developments in other end markets. RBIS operating margin expanded 150 basis points in 2017 and we expect to be within our 2021 target range for this segment already this year. The team has done a tremendous job transforming RBIS into a simpler, faster and more competitive business over the past two years and we are pleased with the momentum we are seeing there. Turning to Industrial and Healthcare Materials. We expanded our platform here with sales up 30% on a constant currency basis, driven by both acquisitions and a return to solid organic growth in the back half of the year. Now while I am pleased with our progress on the topline, operating margin is not where we wanted to be, due in part to the impact of acquisitions and growth related investments, but also from a number of operational challenges, as Ive discussed over the past couple of quarters. We still have work ahead of us to embed strongly in operating principles and practices into this business to duplicate the operational excellence that epitomizes LGM. We expect to get traction on our productivity initiatives by the middle of this year and I remain confident that this business will achieve our long-term growth and margin targets. As many of you know, this segment serves attractive high-value markets where we are currently under penetrated and where we can leverage our core capabilities. Given this growth potential we are investing disproportionately to expand our platform here, particularly through M&A. The acquisitions we completed in 2017 in both of our Materials segments, Yongle Tape and Finesse Medical and IHM, along with Hanita Coatings and LGM are all excellent examples of how we are using both on M&A to accelerate our portfolio shift to higher value categories. I am pleased with our overall progress in executing the strategy. We are on pace to achieve the returns we have targeted from acquisitions we completed over the past two years, while adding new capabilities that are key to our long-term value creation strategy. Carefully planned and executed M&A is just one key element of our highly disciplined approach to capital allocation. Over the past couple of years we increased our overall pace of investment, including for organic growth and we are picking up that pace even further in 2018. On the fixed assets side, 2017 spending was focused on capacity additions in both Europe and Asia. This year capital spending will continue to be concentrated in Asia, while we will also be making a number of investments in the Americas to support our strategy for long-term profitable growth. In addition to the pickup in CapEx spend we are also increasing our level of SG&A investment, particularly with respect to RFID, as we continue to build our intelligent labels platform. This increased pace of investment is commensurate with our consistent GDP plus organic growth and ability to maintain top quartile returns on capital, while preserving ample capacity to continue delivering cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Overall, I am pleased with our progress over the last few years and again in 2017, and expect to maintain this momentum in 2018, with another year of strong topline and double-digit EPS growth. Now I will turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Lovins: Thanks, Mitch. Hello everybody. I will provide some additional color on full-year results then I will walk you through our fourth quarter performance and our outlook for 2018. As Mitch said, 2017 represented another year of great progress towards our long-term financial targets. On slide seven of the supplemental presentation materials, we included our progress against our scorecard for the five-year goals ending in 2018. As you can see here, we are on track to meet or exceed these goals. We have delivered cumulative growth and adjusted EPS of 17% and significantly expanded return on capital, adjusting for the impact of U.S. Tax Reform in Q4. We believe our returns remain in the top quartile relative to our peers, a position we expect to maintain, while increasing our pace of investment for both organic growth and M&A. We continue to have ample capacity for these investments, while returning cash to shareholders in a disciplined manner. Our balance sheet remained strong but our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio on the low side of our targeted range at year end. In last March we introduce a new set of long-term targets, which carries through 2021. Now that we are only one year into this cycle, 2017 performance was on pace to deliver the new targets. Given the diversity of our end markets, our strong competitive advantages and our resilience as an organization to adjust course, we are confident in our ability to deliver to a wide range of business cycles. So let me now turn to more recent performance, our results for Q4. I will first address the transition to the new U.S. tax code, which had a negative impact on reported earnings in the fourth quarter, while improving our outlook going forward. We recorded a tax charge in Q4 of approximately $172 million or $1.91 per share, resulting in an effective tax rate for the quarter of 138% and 52% for the full year. This charge include the tax on deemed repatriation of accumulated untaxed foreign earnings, as well as the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and this amount reflects our provisional estimate of the impact of the new legislation. We made to update this assessment over the coming months as new information becomes available, including interpretations of the legislation by various regulatory bodies. Our adjusted tax rate was 28%, which represents our estimate of where we would have ended the year in the absence of Tax Reform. This is consistent with the guidance we have provided in October and down from an approximately 32% for the same period last year. Looking forward, we anticipate that our 2018 tax rate will be in the mid-20s and we expect that rate to be sustainable. So focusing now on the underlying operating results for the quarter, our adjusted earnings per share was $1.33, up 34% compared to the prior year, which was above our expectations due to strong sales growth and margin expansion. We grew sales by 9.1% excluding currency, with 4.7% organic growth and 4.4% from acquisitions. Currency translation then added 2.8% to reported sales growth in the fourth quarter, within approximately $0.04 benefit to EPS compared to the same period last year. And our adjusted operating margin increased by 90 basis points to 10.3%, as the benefit from higher volume and productivity more than offset higher employee-related costs and the net impact of pricing and raw material costs. And productivity gains this quarter included approximately $16 million of net restructuring savings, most of which benefited the RBIS segment. And free cash was $166 million in the quarter and $422 million for the full year, up roughly $35 million compared to prior year, driven largely by our higher operating income. And in the quarter we repurchased approximately 200,000 shares as an aggregate cost to $25 million. For the full year, we repurchased 1.5 million shares at the cost of $130 million and we paid $156 million in dividends. And net of dilution our share count at year end declined modestly compared to 2016. So turning to the segment results for the quarter, Label and Graphic Materials sales were up 6% excluding currency, reflecting 1 point of benefit from the acquisition of Hanita. Organic sales growth of 5%, reflected continued strong growth of our high-value product lines, driven by specialty labels and graphics. Our Q4 growth also benefited by about a 0.5 point from some pre-buying by customers in advance of price increases announced for January. And breaking down LGMs organic growth by region, North America and Western Europe were both up mid-single digits, and our growth in emerging markets was also up mid-single digits, with continued strong growth in South Asia and mid single-digit growth in China, which was partially offset by soft results in Eastern Europe. It is important to note that while we saw some timing related quarterly volatility in China during 2017, our full year growth in this important market was in the high-single digits. Our operating margin for this segment was strong, up 70 basis points on an adjusted basis to 12.2%, as the benefits from increased volume and productivity more than offset higher employee-related costs and a negative net impact from pricing and raw material costs. The sequential impact of raw material inflation was in line with our expectations for the quarter and while increases to-date has been gradual and relatively modest, we are expecting some further sequential inflation in the first quarter. We continue to address this through a combination of both product reengineering and pricing, and we have announced price increases in all regions over the past three months and we will take further actions as necessary. So shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions, the RBIS team delivered another excellent quarter, as the team continues to execute extremely well on its business model transformation, enabling market share gains while driving significant margin expansion. Regional empowerment has moved decision-making closer to the market and improved local accountability, helping to speed and flexibility in the competitive advantages, and we continue to build a more efficient cost structure. RBIS sales were up 5% organically, driven by strength in both RFID and the base business, as well as the continued lift related to the 2018 World Cup. For the full year we do estimate that the World Cup related sales contributed roughly 80 basis points to organic growth in RBIS. Our volume growth has outpaced apparel unit imports into the U.S. and Europe for number of quarters now, giving us confidence that we are gaining share, with the performance athletic, premium and fast fashion segments leading the way sales. Sales of RFID products grew at the mid-teens rate for the quarter and we are targeting 15% to 20% plus compound annual growth for RFID over the long-term. Although, we do of course expect some volatility in the growth rate in any given quarter or year based on timing of customer implementations. And adjusted operating margin for this segment expanded by nearly two full points to 11.9%, driven by the benefits of productivity and higher volume, as well as the reduction in intangibles amortization. These benefits were partly offset by higher employee-related related costs and the net impact of pricing in raw material costs. And finally, turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment, with the benefit of Yongle and Finesse Medical acquisitions, sales rose 57% ex-currency. Our organic growth rose 6%, reflecting strength in both industrial tapes and Vancive medical products. Adjusted operating margin declined by roughly 2 points, due to the impact of acquisitions and other investment spending, as well as the near-term operational challenges that Mitch discussed. Over the coming years, we expect to see operating margin gradually expand to LGMs level or better, achieving our long-term targets for this business by 2021. So turning now to our outlook for 2018, our anticipated adjusted earnings per share -- we anticipate adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $5.70 to $5.95. We have outlined some of the key contribute factors to this guidance on slide 14 of our supplemental presentation materials. We estimate that organic sales growth will be approximate 4% for the year in line with the range we have experienced over the last few years. And we expect the impacts of -- impact of acquisitions on sales to be approximately 1.5% from closed deals. Our recent exchange rates, currency translation represents a roughly 2.5 point addition to reported sales growth and a pretax operating income tailwind of roughly $20 million. And we estimate the incremental pretax savings from restructuring actions will contribute between $30 million and $35 million in 2018, much of which represents a carryover benefit of actions initiated in 2017. And as I mentioned, we expected tax rate in the mid-20s and we have assumed 25% for purposes of our EPS guidance. And we anticipate spending roughly $250 million on fixed capital and IT projects. And note that while we have been increasing our pace of investment, our outlook for 2018 is consistent with the cumulative five-year spending target under our long-term capital allocation plan, which we communicated last March. And finally, we estimate average shares outstanding assuming dilution of 89 million shares to 90 million shares. So in summary, we are pleased with the strategic and financial progress we made against our long-term goals this year. And we are committed to delivering exceptional value to our strategies for long-term profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation. And with that, we will now open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Matt Krueger: Hi. Good morning. This is actually Matt Krueger sitting in for Ghansham. How are you doing?
Mitch Butier: Good, Matt. Good morning.
Greg Lovins: Good Matt. Thank you.
Matt Krueger: Good, good. So looking back at 2017, how much inflation did you see across the raw material basket in your businesses? And then what are you baking into your expectations for 2018 as far as raw material inflation goes?
Greg Lovins: Overall in 2017, as we mentioned, I think, last quarter, we had relatively modest inflation, particularly in the back half of the year and in Q4 it came in pretty much in line with what we had expected it to be. We are seeing some sequential further lift in inflation in Q1. I think, overall, our expectation for the full year in 2018 versus 2017 is probably low-single digits in terms of the rate of inflation versus last year.
Matt Krueger: Okay. Thats helpful. And then, taking a step back, looking at your business, youve averaged 4% organic growth since 2013 in what looks like a relatively tepid macroeconomic environment. Are there any factors that you would  that would keep you from accelerating organic growth above this level moving forward, especially as pricing contributes more and the global macro seems quite a bit more favorable?
Mitch Butier: I mean our guidance of 4% basically just reflects exactly what you said, the organic growth we have had the last number of years and there have been puts and takes over those years as well. So we thought that was the right number to go with from a guidance perspective. As you look into 18, clearly with price increase coming through, if the macro were to improve than that would be tailwinds to that number, I think, there is question about how many macro tailwinds are really are and how long they will last, but then second you have got to think about headwinds that we have as well. Greg talked about the World Cup growth that we had in 2017 in RBIS that wont continue, as well as the pre-buy from the price increases that we announced that we receive the benefit from in Q4 as well, so few things going both ways.
Matt Krueger: Okay. Thats helpful. Thats it from me. Thanks.
Mitch Butier: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Scott Gaffner: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Mitch Butier: Hi, Scott.
Greg Lovins: Hi, Scott.
Cindy Guenther: Hi.
Scott Gaffner: Hi, Cindy. Just a follow-up on the raw material inflation, if I remember correctly, I think it was last quarter, maybe was for the full year, you had about a 25 basis point drag on gross margins from inflationary pressures, is that -- did that continue over into the fourth quarter and how should we think about the underlying inflationary pressure for maybe gross margin perspective in 2018?
Greg Lovins: Yes, Scott. So I dont think we quoted a number last quarter, what we had expected in 17. I think as we said was relatively modest net impact last year between price and inflation. As I said, we are seeing some sequential inflation as we enter 2018 and as you know our approach is two-fold to deal with that, one, we look at product reengineering, see if we can take material costs out of our products and we also then look at pricing. So across 20 year, at the very end of 2017 we announced price increases or have implemented them in Q4 or early Q1 in all regions across the LGM business. So we are continuing to deal with that and we feel relatively comfortable with our ability right now to manage the inflationary pressures between those two levers that we have. So we do see some net modest impact probably in the first part of the year, but we expect that to be able to manage that. Now if inflation comes in stronger, continuous sequential increase as we move through the year, I think, as you know, as we have said in the past, it takes us a quarter or maybe two quarters to deal with that as it goes, but right now based on what we are seeing right now with the price increases we have announced in the material cost reengineering we feel relatively comfortable being able to manage through that.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And on the transportation side, obviously, there has been a lot of concern about rising transportation costs both rail and truck-related, I would assume some of your rolls go on trucks and some on rail, but can you sort of give us a breakdown at exposure there and what youre most concerned about that, if you have the ability to pass through that transportation cost?
Greg Lovins: Yeah. So we do obviously have some materials that move on trucks and rail, and we do see some increases there over the last couple of years, I think, in North America, some of the factors you mentioned and some of our pricing actions do take into account the either increases in those kind of macro issues on the transportation, perspective, as well as fuel, sometimes we deal with that through surcharges as well. But right now we factor that into how we think about pricing actions across each of the regions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Mitch Butier: Good morning.
Greg Lovins: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: Mitch, you talked about investment in the Americas to support growth and I wasnt sure if you were referencing LGM or RBIS or both. Are there any details you can give in terms of product categories or geographies that youre focusing on in terms of the investments?
Mitch Butier: Yes. The investment focus overall is what I was commenting was LGM and RBIS, RBIS specifically around RFID and the rest is LGM. And there are  we are looking at some expansions for growth in the Americas particularly in the U.S. and Mexico are some expansion that we are planning right now. We have not invested in the North America region for quite some time, well over a decade and some of the discussion we had around Luxembourg, we are expanding there, we have gone through a period of little investment there as well. We consider the amount of the market and our own growth. Its time to ramp that up again.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. Thats very helpful. And then you also referenced some early-stage development in non-apparel RFID. I dont know if you can give any details there and then just kind of related question, there has been a lot of attention paid to Amazon, Amazon Go store that I dont think is using RFID. Any thoughts on competition potentially down the road to RFID from cameras and just general thoughts there?
Mitch Butier: Sure. So broadly speaking about the areas outside of apparel, we are seeing a number of small opportunities that are bubbling up, but there is a three end markets specifically that we are focusing on accelerating the development of that, aviation, food and beauty. There has been quite a bit of  we have got a few pilots going on with a couple of end customers in those spaces and we have actually seen relatively small pickup in some of our growth, a lot of that round pilot stage, but we see a tremendous amount of opportunity in the space. And if you think about food, a lot of similarity to apparel in some way, so one is just desire to increase and improve the supply chain and reduce the manual labor involved with managing that supply chain. And then the focus on freshness, in apparel you have season that create a certain level of parishability. Well, fresh foods definitely have an even higher degree of that. And what we see customers trying to do is reduce their cost by reducing waste but also as part of their sustainability drives to reduce the amount of wasted food in the network. So those are three areas where we are seeing progress. As far as your question about Amazon Go, I am not going to comment on any specific company that we work with. But yet that Amazon Go specifically, my understanding does not use RFID. We have been consistent in saying that we actually see the Internet of Things and the connection between the physical and virtual world is going to be huge driver for a number of technologies and with the proliferation of cameras and AI and sensors, we think that all these technologies are going to complement each other. And what RFID really provides is in areas we have a tremendous amount of SKU complexity, parishability and lack of line of sight, RFID really place in that category. So we think there is going to be a complementive technology that support this whole drive towards IoT more broadly. We are also seeing unmanned stores, convenience stores and the like in Asia that are definitely using RFID. So different and companies are attempting different technologies as they look to rollout a more automated customer interface for food and convenience stores.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Good morning.
Mitch Butier: Hi, George.
George Staphos: Lots of detail and congratulations on the year. I guess, first question I had to the extent that you can comment, the investments that youre seeing in LGM and U.S. and Mexico, is there way to put a revenue potential to the level investment or quantify the level investment, we are talking about one new code or two new code or something totally different?
Mitch Butier: Yeah. We havent announced the complete extent of the investments that we are making in Mexico. We did announced that we are putting a small coder in that location to serve the Mexican, as well as the export market in Central America to support the growth that we are seeing in those regions and again in the U.S. is the support -- the growth in U.S. and Canada, we have been seeing a good amount growth. We have not articulated the exact amount of dollar investment overall, George.
George Staphos: Okay. But we are talking about two coders here then, correct?
Mitch Butier: Yes.
George Staphos: Okay. Now second question, thanks for that, can you talk -- and maybe you had mentioned that, I had missed and if I did, I apologize in advance, can you talk about the productivity issue that youre seeing in IHM and what makes you comfortable that you can apply the traditionally lean approach to what is clearly in some way similar to LGM in terms of the product, but in many ways is more complex in terms of SKUs and for that matter high-value SKUs which could in turn create issues in terms of productivity and spoilage and the like. So any thoughts it would be helpful?
Mitch Butier: Sure. So when we just look at the plant and supply chain, lot of similarities with LGM, so thats what give us the confidence from a starting point and we are seeing progress in certain regions from instilling this discipline around lean sigma for example. We have connected the R&D team from this business with the LGM team part of one organization. We are cross pollinating people, pulling people in from LGM, from RBIS, where we also have a strongly lean culture as well and that is what gives us the confidence, both cross-pollination of leadership, as well as taking the process and process technology from elsewhere in the business and instilling it within IHM. That coupled with, we are getting early traction in some regions, but not the amount of traction that we wanted to be at this stage.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edlain Rodriguez with UBS Securities. Please go ahead.
Edlain Rodriguez: Thank you. Just quick follow-up on IHM, like those operational issues that you are having, like how long do you think it will take you to address that, is it something thats going to take that more than a year or is that something we should see more progress no sooner?
Mitch Butier: Yeah. We said  yeah, so we said that we would expect to be seeing traction on the middle of the year. I think from the context perspective, when you look at the margins where they are, big portion of that is M&A, as well as growth investments, its about a point, so $1 million worth is the upper in the quarter is the operational challenge I am referring to, so I think we will be on a good trajectory by the middle of this year.
Edlain Rodriguez: Okay. Yeah. That makes sense. And in terms of opportunities you are seeing in that segment for bolt-ons and stuff, I mean, is it still as attractive as you earlier expected?
Mitch Butier: Yes. What we are seeing with both working through our pipeline, we continue to see attractive opportunities that we are evaluating, as well as just looking our own business, I mean, the industrial tapes business, which is one of the key areas of focus was up almost 10%, the Vancive medical business where we made a small acquisitions this past year also up double digits the second half of this year, so both in the performance of our business, as well as what we are seeing out there in the pipeline give us that confidence that this is right place to keep going.
Edlain Rodriguez: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. You took $172 million tax charge and I guess theres $29 million in repatriation tax thats included in that. Are your -- how does this change your cash taxes payable? In other words, I guess, the first quarter or second quarter, how much cash will come out from this charge and how does that compare to say previous years when you have taxes that you need to pay in the first quarter or first half of the coming year?
Greg Lovins: Yeah. So, overall, Jeff, with the tax code, the transition tax to the new tax code, you basically have seven years or eight years to pay that, so we do not expect anything more than a modest cash tax impact certainly in 2018. Overall, I think, as I said, we are looking at roughly mid-20s effective tax rate. We think our cash tax rate will be somewhere in the low 20s on a go forward basis as well.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. And your accounts payable was a little bit more than a $1 billion up from about $850 million last year. Is there something unusual there or you are happy having a higher level of payables or what you -- what accounts for that lift? And your inventories are up about $100 million year-over-year at 20%. Can you comment on that lift as well?
Greg Lovins: Yeah. So on both of those pieces, fair amount of that is related to acquisitions, so we brought on a number of acquisition this year and added of course the working capital related those, as well as currency. So currency has had an impact particularly in Q4 versus prior year, last year was one of the -- Q4 was one of the lower rates in 2016 and one of the higher rates in 2017. So I think those two pieces overall had a big impact on that dollar increase. I think, overall, from a working capital efficiency perspective, we ended the year fairly well within our expectations, maybe actually a little bit better and our operational working capital pretty much in line with where we ended the prior year in 2016 from an operation working capital percent perspective. Thats despite the fact that as we have said before, we have some higher working capital ratios in the emerging regions, where we are growing a little bit more. So overall we feel pretty good about the progress we made from a working capital perspective in the year.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. Thank you so much.
Mitch Butier: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: God morning. Thanks everyone and congratulations on another really good quarter.
Mitch Butier: Thanks.
Adam Josephson: Mitch or Greg, just one on North America, I think, you said it was up mid-single digits in the quarter and I  if memory serves, its been accelerating throughout the year, correct me, if I am wrong there. Is this as simple as the economy has gotten steadily better or is there anything more that you would point to and then what are your expectations for that region in 18?
Greg Lovins: Yeah. So, I think, Adam, overall, as we said, we also had some pre-buy in the fourth quarter relate to some of the price increases wed announced for January, but even with that we had grown kind of that low to mid single-digit range in North America in the quarter. Thats relatively consistent I think what we saw in the third quarter as well. So, overall, we have just seen a relatively good market situation there in the U.S. over the last few quarters, but no major changes that Ive seen in the fourth quarter from a macro perspective.
Adam Josephson: Yeah. Correct me if I am wrong, in years past, Greg, it was growing quite a bit lower than that, right, maybe 1%, 2% max?
Greg Lovins: Yes. It was growing less and part of that the market was growing a little bit slower than Europe, it was something that commented on the past. If you recall, Adam, we also had some share challenges couple years ago and we basically made some adjustments and have regain that share late last year early this year and share has been stable since.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. But just a couple others, the uses of capital, can you just go over what your preferred users are be it M&A, buyback, et cetera, at this moment?
Greg Lovins: Yeah. So our capital allocation approach hasnt really changed from what was communicated in the past. We typically look to spend about 30% of our available cash reinvesting in the business through CapEx and restructuring, about 20% through dividends and then the other half we have available essentially for both M&A and buyback. So thats a way we look at it and thats how we have communicated in the past, we are remaining relatively consistent with that.
Adam Josephson: Thanks, Greg. And just one housekeeping one, tax rate, excuse me, FX rate assumption for 18 euros specifically?
Greg Lovins: Yeah. Pretty close to $1.20 in the high one teens.
Adam Josephson: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Chris Kapsch: Yeah. Good morning. I had some questions about the  just the price increase initiative and the implementation. I think you said that you are acknowledging raw material inflation as we enter 18 and you also said, I think, it takes maybe a quarter to successfully implement broad-based price increase efforts? And then presumably we are talking about LGM segment, just wondering if -- are you suggesting that margin in that segment will be down for the first quarter? And then also what Ive seen or heard from context in the industry is that some competitors came out with sort of high single-digit price increases, yours is probably at least announced more mid-single. Can you just talk about like maybe the delta versus what the industries pushing for and where you guys really expect to net out?
Mitch Butier: Yeah. So, Chris, traditionally its taken us a few months, as you say, to pass along price increases once we see the inflationary trends. So that that definitely has been the trend about four months. We think its probably less than that, less of an impact usual specifically on Q1. And then as far as the level of price increases, you sound like you have seen some of our letters. We have  we are not going to comment on where our competition specifically came out and its different by geography, and perhaps, customer set, so I dont want to comment on what their actions are overall. But we are putting in through price increases that are necessary for us to offset the inflation after consideration of our material reengineering efforts which reduce the raw material cost of our products. And given our strength of our R&D group and capabilities around innovation here, we would expect our ability to continue to be have a greater offset, if you will then perhaps others may.
Chris Kapsch: Okay. Then if I could follow up on just the opportunities in RFID focused, I guess aviation, food and beauty. When apparel started adopting item level RFID, the case from apparel companies basically inventory accuracy in preventing stock outs that sort of lift sales, not just help with their inventory, but lift sales and the ROI was pretty compelling. I am just wondering how parallel are the cases for adoption in these other segments for item level -- I guess, aviation sort of unique, I am assuming you are talking about baggage tags, but in these other areas, if you could just compare and contrast the ROI for just from adoption?
Mitch Butier: Aviation, yeah, absolutely, so aviation is unique, but follows some of the same principles around high degree of SKU complexity and perishability, you have got to get the bag to the customer pretty quickly once they disembark from the plane. And as far as, if you look at beauty, a lot of parallels to apparel and if you think about beauty, a lot of its sold within the department stores, the same place where apparel is so forth and so the value proposition is very similar. And with food its equal, but probably weighted heavier toward reducing waste overall and ensuring freshness. And we have all seen some large brands that have been impaired from having safety concerns around fresh foods and so forth. So ensuring safety and quality, as well as reducing waste, both for cost reasons, as well as for sustainability drives.
Chris Kapsch: Thank you for the color.
Mitch Butier: Thank you.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi. Thank you for taking the follow on. I will ask them in sequence and leave you to get onto the rest of your day. So, first of all, in terms of the 15% growth in RFID, could you give us some additional color perhaps in terms of how much might that have been new customers, new launches, trials, organic growth with existing customers? Secondly, Greg, I would imagine or Mitch that, with tax policy change or and given where your stock price is that and given your history as an EVA company that would tend to put more focus in the future investment on M&A and organic growth versus buyback, but if you have any additional color there? And then, lastly on the productivity issues and IHM where youre not necessarily where you want to be, not to make too big a deal relative to the size of the segment also of Avery, since its mostly about cross-pollination and training, why hadnt that already been done to your satisfaction? Thanks guys and good luck in the quarter?
Mitch Butier: Thank you, George. Thats a three-point question. So RFID, your question about whats driving the adoption, its basically continued trends from what we have seen in the past and there is a few big retailers or brands that have moved one or two a year and then a number of smaller ones as well. So we are seeing major retail moving into full adoption, number of others moving in the pilot and then in addition to that many specialty retailers and brands various state of pipeline. So each stage of the pipeline, whether its from assessment in business case through piloting, partial rollout or full rollout, each day the pipeline has increased from where we were a year ago. And that  add to that the level of activity we are seeing which is very early in that pipeline for the areas outside of apparel. From a tax standpoint, just high level, how does it change our thinking being an EVA company, I think the biggest thing about M&A is it makes us more competitive against international companies, who dont -- because its moved to the territorial tax system thats no longer a drag as we go through our evaluation of M&A targets, also we look at financial buyers theres some changes in there that basically make U.S. headquartered multinationals, Id say more competitive on the standpoint. So we are an EVA company, all that goes into our assessment of how we think about this and that will be the key drive for us continuing going forward. As far as IHM, the amount of cross-pollination that occurred before, we call this is a collection of businesses in the number of different areas and we just did not make the link in the past and we see a significant opportunity for doing so, so we are doing it. I think the key message to take from this is, we have had phenomenal performance over the years and we keep finding opportunities whether its around commercial growth, around M&A, around productivity to continue to improve ourselves and this is just the next step in doing so, so thats should be the takeaway there.
Operator: Mr. Butier, I will now turn the call back to you for any closing remarks.
Mitch Butier: All right. Well, thanks everybody for joining the call and for your interest in the company. The fourth quarter capped another great year here at Avery Dennison and we are well-positioned going into 2018 to continue the momentum you have seen over the last two years. I really just would like to take the opportunity to thank the entire team for their commitment and focus on continuing to deliver for our investors, our customers and our communities. So thank you everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-25 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Cynthia Guenther - IR Officer Mitchell Butier - CEO, President and Director  Gregory Lovins - CFO & Senior VP
Analysts: Scott Gaffner - Barclays PLC Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Christopher Kapsch - Loop Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter Ended September 30, 2017. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 11:00 a.m. Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time October 28. To access the replay, please dial 1800-633-8284 or 1402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21820267. I would now like to turn the conference over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasury. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Cynthia Guenther: Thank you, France. Today, we'll be discussing our preliminary unaudited third quarter results. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on Schedules A-4 to A-8 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the safe harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitchell Butier: Thanks, Cindy, and good day, everyone. We delivered another strong quarter. Sales were up 10% ex currency with 5% coming from organic growth and another 5% from acquisitions. Adjusted EPS was up 25% for the quarter, and we raised our earnings guidance to reflect a better than 20% increase for the full year. LGM delivered solid top line performance, with organic growth rebounding in the quarter, as expected, along with continued strong profitability. The consistency of results from this high return business is a key strength of ours. RBIS also had another strong quarter. The transformation of our business model here, becoming more competitive, faster and simpler, is enabling continued margin expansion and is clearly resonating with customers as evidenced by another quarter of strong and broad-based sales growth. And we continue to make progress building a stronger position in IHM. Operating margin declined for this segment in the third quarter, reflecting acquisition-related cost, as well as the near-term operational challenges we discussed last quarter. We'll overcome these challenges in the coming quarters, and expect to deliver significant value from this segment over the long term, as we leverage LGM's strengths to target attractive end markets where we are underpenetrated. As I look across the company's portfolio, I'm pleased with the progress we are making against our key strategic priorities, driving profitable growth and superior returns. Our focused investment to capture the above-average growth and profit potential of high-value categories is clearly paying off. Sales in high-value categories are up again high single digits organically this year, reflecting strength in specialty labels, industrial tapes and, in particular, RFID. We anticipate full year organic sales growth for RFID products this year will come in close to 20%, driven by multiple customer rollouts and new programs. At the same time, in the base businesses, within each of our segments, our disciplined approach to balancing the trade-offs between volume, price and mix, combined with our relentless focus on productivity, are driving solid growth and, of course, margin expansion. Product reengineering, Lean Sigma and the effective execution of our multiyear restructuring plans remain key to our success. And finally, our capital allocation strategy continues to drive our resourcing decisions as we pick up the pace of investments to support profitable growth, both organically and through M&A. The acquisitions we have completed over the last 50 months have added scale and complementary capabilities to our core businesses, supporting our long-term strategy for value creation. At the same time, we remain committed to consistent and disciplined return of cash to shareholders, both through dividends and share buyback. Overall, I'm pleased with our steady progress against our long-term goals, reflected in another consecutive quarter of strong results. Our consistent performance reflects our market-leading positions in solid-growth market segments, including exposure to faster growing emerging regions in high-value categories, the strategic foundations we've laid and the depth of talent in the company.  Now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Lovins: Thanks, Mitch. And hello, everybody. As Mitch mentioned, we delivered another strong quarter, with earnings coming in ahead of our expectations. Our adjusted EPS was up 25%, driven largely by strong operating performance. We grew sales by 10%, excluding currency, and 5.3% on an organic basis. And currency translation added about 1% to reported sales growth in the third quarter, with an approximately $0.02 benefit to EPS compared to the same period last year. The reduction in the tax rate also contributed roughly $0.05 to EPS in the quarter versus last year. Our adjusted operating margin of 10.4% improved by 60 basis points versus prior year, as the net benefits from higher volume and productivity improvements more than offset higher employee-related costs. Productivity gains this quarter included approximately $14 million of net restructuring savings, most of which benefited our RBIS segment. And our adjusted tax rate was 28% in the quarter, which is consistent with the guidance we provided in July, and down from 31% for the same period last year. And year-to-date free cash flow, we've generated $256 million, up $8 million compared to the same period last year. And we continue to expect free cash flow conversion for the year of nearly 100% of GAAP net income. And our balance sheet remains strong. We have ample capacity to continue investing in the business, including funding M&A, as well as continuing to return cash to shareholders in a disciplined manner. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 400,000 shares at an aggregate cost of $35 million. And net of dilution, our share count declined modestly. And we paid approximately $40 million in dividends in the quarter as well. Now let me turn to our segment results. Label and Graphic Materials sales were up 7% excluding currency, reflecting 2 points of benefit from acquisitions, including Mactac, which we acquired at the beginning of August last year, as well as Hanita and Ink Mill. Our organic sales growth of 5% represented a rebound from a slower pace we reported last quarter, as the timing effects we highlighted during our last call, played out as we had expected. These timing effects reflected shift of sales that are both the second and fourth quarters, and we continue to expect that organic growth for the second half of the year will be roughly 4% in this segment. Consistent with our strategy, LGM's high value product lines continue to grow faster than the base business, with relatively broad-based strength across most of our high-value categories. And looking regionally, organic growth reaching mature markets of North America and Western Europe were both solid, with Europe rebounding from the slower pace we saw in Q2, as expected. Growth in emerging markets also rebounded from our Q2 pace, and when we adjust for timing effects, China, ASEAN and India all grew organically at high-single to low double-digit rates in Q3, while Eastern Europe and Latin America both posted solid mid-single digit growth. Operating margin for the segment also remained strong. Our ongoing productivity efforts in material reengineering continued to help us expand the market for Pressure-sensitive Materials and maintain our cost advantage, allowing us to grow profitably across various raw material cycles. For the quarter, LGM's adjusted operating margin of 13.1% was up 40 basis points compared to prior year. As the benefits from productivity and higher volume more than offset higher employee related costs and a negative net impact from pricing and raw material costs. As we anticipated, overall commodity costs were up modestly compared to prior year. And as you know, our raw material costs tend to differ across regions and individual categories. We continue to monitor movements within each market, and adjust our prices where appropriate. And while our overall raw material costs have been relatively stable this year, we do anticipate some modest sequential inflation in the fourth quarter. We're in the process of implementing some targeted price increases accordingly.  So now, I'll shift to Retail Branding and Information Solutions segment. The RBIS team delivered another excellent quarter. As the team continues to execute extremely well on its business model transformation, enabling market share gains, while driving significant margin expansion. Regional empowerment has moved decision-making closer to the market and improved local accountability, helping turn speed and flexibility into competitive advantages. And we also continue to build a more efficient cost structure here. RBIS sales were up 7% organically, driven by strength in both, RFID and the base business, combined with some benefit from holiday timing. The strength was broad based, spanning most market segments and product categories. And we believe that we continued to gain share, as we see our volume growth outpacing apparel unit imports. Sales of RFID products were up more than 25% in the quarter, and sales of external embellishments, another high-value category for us, were up by low double digits, as our heat transfer solutions got an extra sales lift, related to next year's World Cup. Adjusted operating margins expanded by 170 basis points to 8.7%, driven by the benefits of higher volume and productivity as well as the anticipated reduction in intangibles' amortization. These benefits were partly offset by higher employee related costs, including incentive plan accruals, reflecting this segments strong performance against targets and relative to last year. And finally, turning to the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment, with the benefit of the Yongle, Finesse and Mactac acquisitions, sales rose 50% excluding currency. Organic growth returned to a solid 3.5%, following the anniversary of the bulk of the headwinds we've been facing in the healthcare category, and we saw solid organic growth for both, the industrial and health care categories in the quarter. Operating margin declined by roughly 3 points due primarily to acquisition-related cost. As Mitch mentioned though, we have fallen short of our productivity targets for the underlying business, and we are refocusing our efforts to drive productivity, while continuing to invest to support growth. Over the coming years, we expect to see operating margin expand to LGM's level or better here. So turning now to our outlook for the balance of the year. We have raised the midpoint of our guidance for adjusted earnings per share by $0.10 to an updated range of 490 to 495, reflecting the strength of our underlying operating results. We outlined some of the key contributing factors to our EPS guidance on Slide 9 of our supplemental presentation materials. Focusing on the factors that have changed from our previous outlook, we now expect reported sales growth of roughly 8% for the full year, and at recent foreign exchange rates, we estimate that currency translation will be roughly neutral to sales and earnings for full year. We also now expect incremental restructuring savings of approximately $50 million to $55 million, primarily due to rising confidence that we'll realize the full benefit from planned actions for the year, as well as the execution of a few projects a bit earlier than expected. And we expect average shares outstanding, assuming dilution, of approximately 90 million shares. Our other key assumptions remain essentially unchanged from what we shared last quarter. So to wrap up, we're pleased to report a strong quarter of continued progress into our long-term strategic and financial objectives. And with that, we'll now open the call up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital.
Scott Gaffner: I just had a couple of questions on LGM. First is around the mix shift that you noted to the higher value-added product. Can you talk a little bit about when that started to occur and how long you think that could maybe last into, say, 2018 or is this a multiyear trend and -- around that?
Mitchell Butier: Yes. So overall, what we're seeing in the quarter is higher growth in our higher value categories in every segment. And, Scott, that's part of the overall strategy that we've laid out. Not just for the year but for the long-term to shift the portfolio mix more towards these higher-value segments because they have higher growth potential, higher-margin profiles. And that's going to be both our source of targeted investment, both organically and M&A. So what we're seeing in the quarter, every quarter will have a little bit more or less, but is consistent with the theme of what we're trying to drive up for the long-term.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And within that, I thought I heard you say, price/cost spread in the third quarter was maybe a little bit negative and might be negative into the fourth quarter. Just correct me if I heard that wrong. And then just for the full year, when we look at price/cost spread, do you think you'll positive or neutral for the full year?
Gregory Lovins: Yes, I think overall, as I mentioned, we do see material cost tend to differ a little bit across regions and across categories. Overall impact on the quarter was relatively modest, and it was in line with what our expectations were for the quarter. Overall, we're seeing a few pockets of inflation in some specific areas, areas such as paper in Europe and Asia. And overall, our approach to deal with these things is pretty consistent with what we've done in the past. We've focused on material reengineering, to try to reduce the cost of our materials where we can, and then we look to pass inflation onto pricing as necessary as well. Overall, we did have -- that's just a modest inflation this quarter and expect to see a little bit of modest inflation in Q4 as well. And we also had a little bit of carryover price headwind from prior year, as we're still in pretty much a deflationary environment through the beginning of this year. So a little bit of carryover there. But overall, at this point, we're seeing some modest inflation trends, and we're looking at some price increases where necessary. An example of that, in China right now, we're seeing some increases in paper. And we're in the process of implementing some price increase actions in China in early October as well, to deal with that.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. Thanks, Greg. Just one last one for me. When I look at the organic growth in the quarter, it was up 5.3%. If I look at the full year guide it's -- you're guiding basically to a 4% organic growth rate in the fourth quarter. Obviously a slight moderation from 3Q. But is there anything in particular, whether it's RBIS or LGM that we should be thinking about where that moderation would come from?
Gregory Lovins: Yes, there is a few timing-related impacts that we talked last quarter about some timing in Q2 that led us also some timing impacts in Q3. A little bit of impact from timing of the Chinese mid-Autumn festival, which was in September last year, fell in the first week of October with Golden Week this year. But also, I mentioned the price increase we've implemented in China here in early October that led to a little bit of a prebuy for us in the third quarter in LGM. So overall, we still expect, on the LGM side, about 4% organic growth in the quarter or in the back half. And that basically translate into the total corporation deal as well.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, so Scott, Q3 benefited from pull in from Q2, a little bit Q4 to Greg's point. The other thing I'd highlight is little bit tougher comps in the fourth quarter as well. But overall, as far as the expectation of us to be able to continue to deliver on the long-term organic trends that we've laid out through 2021 is something we continue to expect to do, adjusted for these calendar shifts and tough comps or easy comps quarter-to-quarter.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi: First, as a clarification question on the 5.1% core sales in LGM, how does that break out between volumes and price mix?
Gregory Lovins: Yes, we had a little bit of a headwind from pricing. Again, most of that was carryover, as we talked about a minute ago. But largely volume driven growth in the quarter drive the majority of our organic growth.
Ghansham Panjabi: So price mix was also negative through the Q year-over-year, or is it just -- you're afraid of price/cost?
Gregory Lovins: Price mix was a slight modest headwind, I think, in the quarter as well.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. And then in terms of RBIS, it seems like broad improvement across, both the tags business and RFID as well. Is this due to share gains in your tags business in the context of all the turmoil in retail apparel? And also, how are your customers starting to think about 2018 in terms of the volume outlook there?
Gregory Lovins: Yes. Short answer is, yes, there is continued share gain. We've been talking about that for a number of quarters now, in the base business. And then clearly, our differentiated position in RFID allows us to continue to drive growth and penetration of that new product platform. If you look at just apparel import units, they've been -- if you look at them within the U.S., they are up less than 1% for the last 6 months, and they're down around 1% in Europe. So the overall apparel imports that you're seeing into the mature regions, still pretty anemic growth or flattish overall. So clearly, the amount of growth we're showing is share gain. And as far as the outlook for next year, I can't have one comment that describes what's going on. It's really unique, retailer by retailer and brand by brand. I think overall, you can see the -- all the focus that the retailers are having towards driving more towards omnichannel. That's something we're working with each of the retailers and brands to help support them in that transition, and a place where our position in RFID continues to make us a key strategic partner for them, as they look to make that transformation.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. And then just one final one, Mitch, on -- cost savings in 2017, obviously, that's been a nice tailwind for you. How should we think about any benefit in '018? And also, can you just comment on what drove the upsize in savings for '017 as part of your revised guidance?
Gregory Lovins: Ghansham, this is Greg. I think, overall, revised guidance for this year, as I mentioned, was really driven by just continued confidence in our ability to execute on our strategy, particularly in the RBIS strategy that they've been executing against this year, and really delivering solidly against. For next year, I think you could expect -- we've said this year, we have $50 million to $55 million restructuring savings, roughly half of that is carryover. And we look at basically $20 million or so of carryover into next year as well.
Mitchell Butier: And I just want to highlight, this has been a consistent source of strength of ours. The innovative way the team keeps looking for to continually find ways to reduce cost, whether it be material reengineering or deploying Lean Sigma or restructuring activities. And we consistently look for new opportunities to restructure our business and lower our fixed cost base, so that we can continue to expand margins and be competitive and grow profitably within the base. So that's the carryover, and we're continuing looking for new opportunities over the strategic horizon as well.
Operator: Our next question from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: I just wanted to come back, just -- I guess, Scott's line of questioning, and just one last point. So you're out in the market with some pricing increases, I think you termed them as modest. And I think you also said you're seeing some moderate headwind from cost in the fourth quarter. Net-net should we assume, therefore, the price cost should be, given what you know right now, basically neutral in the quarter? Or could it still be a headwind for you in 4Q or maybe a tailwind? How would you position us given what you know right now?
Gregory Lovins: I think modest headwind year-over-year. Sequentially, relatively neutral, I think, as we look Q3 to Q4. So a little bit of modest increase in inflation and a little bit of pricing actions that are offsetting part of that, so...
George Staphos: Next question I had, if we can jump around a little bit to RFID. You mentioned, I think, for the year, you expect volumes to be up nearly 20%. Can you comment at all in terms of what progress you're seeing in terms of installations, customer adoption, which may be running at a different rate relative to the actual growth in the consumable?
Mitchell Butier: Yes, so we're seeing a few retailers and brands adopting right now. And are maybe in their second or third quarter of the adoption ramp, which is when things tend to pick up. And then, we also just -- and a number of customers just due to their own seasonality see a sequential pickup from Q3 into Q4. So the pipeline remains healthy, we continue to work with customers on adoption. And I'd say that the amount of activity we have is consistent with what we've seen over the last couple of years as far as various customers in the various stages of adoption.
George Staphos: Mitch, given the pipeline of trial and seasonality, do you think that you can continue this kind of growth rate into 2018 for RFID, recognizing it's not 2018 yet in terms of when you typically would give the outlook for the year?
Mitchell Butier: Yes, we've communicated, we expect this business to be able to grow 15% to 20%-plus over the long-term. And we'd say, we'd expect to see that going into 2018 as well. Having said that, for -- a large part of that around next year would be just from rollouts that are going on right now, as far as new rollouts, when firms decide to actually adopt. It takes 6 to 9 months from decision to actually ramp-up. So a lot of this is just from rolling out what we currently already see. Clearly, towards the end of next year and beyond, that will be for new rollouts that -- where decisions have not yet been made.
George Staphos: Okay. Emerging markets, I think you said in China and the ASEAN region, you were looking at high single, low double-digit growth for LGM. Can you comment at all in terms of how that progressed over the quarter? Did you exit at a higher percentage year-on-year change than you saw for the average for the quarter? Or was it pretty steady throughout the quarter?
Mitchell Butier: The average for the quarter is not a great way to look at it because all of the calendar shifts that we've had. And China, as Greg mentioned, a little bit of ramp-up because of the -- in advance of the prebuy for the price increase that we've had. Within India, we did see a bit of progression, positively. That has more to do with the fact that there was some goods and services tax that negatively impacted us both in Q2 as well as Q3. And that started to show a positive trend as we went throughout. And then within ASEAN, Q3 overall, with higher growth than we saw in the first couple of quarters. But it also was impacted by some of these timing effects as well. So overall, if you remove the noise, China, I'd say was solid consistent growth with what we've seen, previous few quarters on a normalized basis. India starting to pullout of the whole from GST. And ASEAN continues to have strong upper single-digit growth.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets.
Anthony Pettinari: On the LGM side, it seems like we've seen an uptick in project announcements from competitors. Is there any reason to think the competitive environment could be a little bit tougher in 2018 as some of these projects come online? And then, from a capacity perspective, do have anything kind of notable on the horizon beyond the project in Luxembourg?
Mitchell Butier: We've announced the projects that we're actively pursuing today, and we will announce any new future investments at the appropriate time. Overall, with the amount of investment that's been going on within the industry, we think it's commensurate with the industry's growth. The industry has been growing, on a volume basis, around 4% globally. North America has gotten a lot of attention around the recent increase in investment over the last few years, but there had been a long period of no investment before that. And so we see this as just basically catching up with what the market needs for overall growth investments. So our biggest investments right now are what we've announced in Luxembourg as well as we've got a new coder within China as well.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. And then switching to IHM, can you remind us when the integration costs that you're seeing with Yongle, when you expect them to reseed? And is it possible to give maybe kind of a cadence of margin expansion that you might expect into the end of the year and maybe into the first half of 2018?
Mitchell Butier: Yes, I think overall, we, as we said, we had some headwinds in Q3. We expect conditional headwinds or additional headwinds in Q4 from a margin perspective from the Yongle acquisition. And then, we expect to contribute, I think, roughly $0.10 increase next year in earnings from Yongle. So we'll start to see that pass us as we get into next year from a Yongle perspective.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Adam Josephson: Just one on the cost inflation issue. I know you talked about just modest sequential inflation in 4Q. As you know, there's been quite a bit of resonant pulp inflation, as a result of which, there have been several chemical and packaging companies that have called this out as a pretty significant impact on their fourth quarter results. And you guys are really not seeing it. And I remember, I think back in '08, '09, fluctuations in raws had a major impact on PSM margins. But that doesn't seem to be the case this time. So can you just talk about why the impact on your business might be considerably more muted than that on some of your chemical impacts and competitors? And also, what kind of paper do you buy? Just so we better understand. Obviously, you're not buying pulp, but what your paper buy is exactly? Because it's not exactly -- it's not easy to discern.
Gregory Lovins: Right. So I'll start with the first question. I think overall, one thing I think it's good to remember is our breadth across geographies. So given how broad our geographic spread is, across LGM in particular, what we're seeing right now is pockets of inflation that are different in different categories and across different geographies. So you might see a little bit of chemical inflation in North America. Still relatively modest to us in that region, whereas, we're not seeing that necessarily across all other regions. So right now, it's still kind of in pockets, in different categories across different geographies. Relatively modest across each of those individually though as well. I think some of our -- just the breadth of our geographic scale as I said, strong vendor relationships, good material science ability to manage through that as well, has given us the ability to manage through some of those potential challenges that you mentioned also.
Adam Josephson: And, Greg, just on the paper you're buying in all these regions, just so we better understand what we can look for to see what might be inflationary or not?
Gregory Lovins: Yes, it's typically specialty papers, Adam. So not 100% linked to pulp, for instance, as you mentioned yourself. What I can tell you what we are seeing is typically, I think I mentioned earlier, a little bit of paper increases in Europe and a little bit of paper increases in China. Not seeing much outside of that at this point in time. But that's where we're seeing a little bit of headwinds right now. And that's why we've done some pricing actions accordingly in both of those regions to deal with that.
Mitchell Butier: And I just really want to emphasize what we're talking about here because I know that everybody is seeing what other companies are reporting on and so forth. The amount of inflation we're actually experiencing is extremely modest. And in aggregate and then by region, in places where it's larger, we are offsetting the amount we can through productivity. As they come out, we can or put in through price increases. It's the same playbook we've had for years, and we'll continue to execute. And I think you've seen through our results, we've continued to become more and more disciplined about how we manage our business and the dynamics between volume, price and mix. The decline you talked about a number of years ago, 2 things. One, the amount of inflation was significant back then. Two, the margin declines you saw was just because of the one quarter delay, generally between our pricing trends and what happens with underlying inflation, deflation. And that's a little bit what Greg was talking through. Some of our pricing trends, in aggregate, reflecting some of the deflationary environment we had that have now turned into inflationary environment. So on a sequential basis, you will now see that flattening out, and us begin to put in price increases, should we continue to see inflation.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan Securities.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: In the Industrial and Healthcare Materials business, I think, sequential sales growth was $40 million. And operating profits were flat. So is there $2 million or $3 million or $4 million in extra costs? What's happening and how do you explain this sequential change?
Mitchell Butier: So sequentially, it's essentially all Yongle, the acquisition that we made, as well as Finesse and others but much smaller acquisition. And generally when we make acquisitions, Jeff, we said don't expect much to flow through in the first 6 months or so of when we make an acquisition, both because of integration and deal cost, as well as just accounting adjustments that you have, such as the inventory step up. So that's what the sequential trend is. If you look year-over-year, the tapes business we began to cycle through. The reason you see the return to growth, we cycled through the program loss we've talked about within personal care categories and the medical business has returned to growth after cycling through some of the declines that we'd had mid last year as well.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. In retail branding, if you exclude the growth in RFID, how fast it took Retail Branding and Information to grow?
Mitchell Butier: Roughly 3%.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: 3%. And can you talk about your growth rates in the U.S. and in Europe both in the quarter and for the year in the LGM business?
Gregory Lovins: Sure. In both, U.S. and Europe, as we mentioned earlier, we had low-single to mid-single digit growth in both North America and Europe in the quarter. And roughly consistent with that, across the year-to-date, little bit of a challenge earlier in the year in North America, but for the last couple of quarters, relatively consistent, from that perspective, low single-digit growth.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: And then, your SG&A expense was up maybe 2% and your revenues were up 11%. Can you talk about why there's such moderate inflation in the SG&A line? Do you have fewer people or has the employee count changed?
Mitchell Butier: I think a lot of the restructuring savings that we've talked about, a significant portion of that comes in SG&A as well, somewhere, I would say, 65% to 70% of that. So you're starting to see a lot of that pickup in the SG&A side, and that's what's helping bring the overall SG&A number down for us in total.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. How much was share issuance this year?
Gregory Lovins: Share issuance. Probably have to follow back up with you, Jeff, on that one. I don't have that off the top of my head.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Chris Kapsch with Loop Capital.
Christopher Kapsch: I had a follow-up on this pricing discussion. You mentioned there is some pockets of inflation, specifically in paper in Europe and Asia. So I guess the tactical price increases that you're talking about are focused on passing through that inflation? Is that accurate? And I want -- what I want to understand, I guess, is that to suggest that your price increases are focused more on, say, the variable information label stocks versus prime label stocks? And then more generally, if you could just characterize the difficulty of getting a price increase through to those different customer bases to the extent they are different? Just wondering about that sort of dynamic. I mean, it has been really a few years since the industry has really had broad-based price increases. And then, if you could just comment on any sort of competitive dynamic with respect to their response? Have your competitors in those regions followed your initiatives? Or is too really -- too early to really understand what their reaction might be?
Mitchell Butier: Yes, so overall, I mean, just the amount of inflation aggregate that we're seeing is modest. The -- in specific categories, where we are seeing the inflation in paper, and then, also chemicals, we're seeing it in a couple of geographies as well. We are putting in through targeted price increases. And sometimes it's on bearable information label, sometimes it's on paper, sometimes it's the filmic products that we have. There's not one overall general story that we can tell. And for us, we see as our -- leader within the industry, that we need to, as a commitment to our customers, offset as much of that inflation as we can through material reengineering, which has been a historical area of strength for us. And that which we can't, we will pass on through price increases. And that's what we're in the process of doing today. We announced a price increase in China earlier in the year. Doing another one now, and going forward with one in Europe as well. It's not broad based for every single category and so forth. Its targeted price increases for particular categories that we go through on. And what the -- we would expect the market overall to adjust but it's a competitive market that we are in. And we, being the leaders within the industry, we know we've got to continue to focus on innovating for not just ourselves but for the entire industry.
Christopher Kapsch: And just what has the customer response been generally? If you could comment on that? If they push back hard? Are you helping them frame up this inflationary rationale to pass along price increases to their customers? How does that conversation work?
Mitchell Butier: Well, we tend to share a lot of information of what's going on in the end commodity markets with our customers on a regular basis, letting them know what the various pressures are that we're seeing or things are declining to help them expect when we are seeing pressures, such as this, that we would need to put a price increase. But further so that they have the right information to be able to have the right conversations with their own customers. So the -- the price increase we put through in China, a couple of quarters ago, we saw generally the market moved with a price increase, just given the amount of inflationary pressure relative to some specific commodities within China, the market needed to move. Customers understood that. Do customer always like price increases? Of course not. But if they understand it, and can communicate that to their own end customers that's when we generally are successful pushing a price increase through.
Christopher Kapsch: Okay. And then if I could, a different subject, when you guys realign your segments, one of the rationales, as I recall, to having LGM and IHM separately was just the nature of the channel. Ultimately, I think, in IHM, there needed to be a little bit more of a focus on OE customers and getting product speced in. And, if you could just characterize if that's accurate and how that's been going in terms of the rationale for IHM to have a little bit more of a OE focus, if that's actually translating into -- maybe there is some specific successes or challenges that you've seen, as you pursue that commercial strategy to accelerate your organic growth prospects?
Mitchell Butier: Yes, we continue to execute against that strategy that we've communicated. And the industrial tapes business specifically is up high single digits. It's not dissimilar from some of the specialty labels within LGM, where we have similar growth rates. So we continue to work to build our capabilities around front-end design, so we can get speced in and qualified for various programs within our specialty businesses of which a big portion is within IHM. So that is progressing as we had expected.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is a follow-up from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: One last question just on commodity passthrough or trends really, more than anything else. We were recently at an industry conference. And recognizing that on the paper side, what you're buying is in fact very specialized. Nonetheless, it comes from other, if you will, parent grades. And capacity because of the decline in demand that you've seen in a lot of graphic paper markets, capacity is being shutdown fairly quickly. And even, I think one of the suppliers of some of the specialized papers more recently converted some of their capacitors in the process of doing that. So, Mitch, your view on modest inflation, does that continue to be informed by what you've been seeing on the supply side on the paper side, in terms what your contacts are laying? And recognizing you'll respond if you need to with pricing, are there any other thoughts that you have on that, other than what you've already said? And I have a couple of follow-ons.
Mitchell Butier: Sure. So as far as what we've talked through around some of the announcements that I think you're referring to, George, we are not seeing any immediate impacts of that, and don't really expect to going into next year. If you think beyond, so our visibility tends to be 3 to 6 months out, and there are often a lot of views about how various markets will evolve a year out. Having said that, next year we do see a potential for there being some inflation, specifically around liners. We continue to work with our raw material suppliers. We feel very confident. We talked about shutting down of capacity and being able to secure the amount of material that we need to continue to grow our business and grow profitably. And if the inflation does come forth, then we will push -- put through price increases, because that'll be broad based and industry based, as far as what we are seeing. So again, even in the grand scheme of things, does not look very significant at all from what we're seeing going into next year.
George Staphos: Okay. Switching gears maybe on a related way, one of the things that we've picked up in some other travels is there is -- just because inflation broadly in the economy and in the supply chain, there is growing demand, at least, that we're picking up from the brand owners, and to some degree your customers in theory for their suppliers, you and other materials and packaging companies helping them become more efficient in their supply chain. Whether it's the back end of the packaging line or somewhere else. So I don't know if that's resonating in terms of the trends that you're seeing either and face stocks or maybe some of your specialty tapes business. But if they are -- if you had any updates on that, that'd be great.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, so a key part of what we do, and if you look at variable information label growth, and so forth, specifically around some of the e-commerce areas, it's around helping. It's not just about e-commerce but it's automating various packaging lines and the whole lowering the cost of delivery systems and so forth, that is absolutely a part of what we do. And whether that's in LGM or what you're seeing in RBIS. IHM, less so. IHM is more about light weighting and reducing the overall weight and improving the performance of various fasteners that you have. But you do see that trend definitely within RBIS and LGM.
George Staphos: Two last ones, and I'll turn it over. First of all, we picked up some commentary that QR codes are a way for users to sort of pushback against RFID if they chose not to. I am not sure that they initially agree with that view, but what's your view on that? And then, I don't know if I've ever asked this question on a conference call, but given Avery's -- the share's illiquidity at times in terms of trading volume, what's your view on whether a stock split would help that at all? I recognize all the theoretical views on stock splits and whether they help or not. But have you ever looked at it on a practical base in terms of what it might mean for your liquidity?
Mitchell Butier: Thanks, George. Yes, so as far as QR codes, I think overall, we see where RFID is or variable information barcode labels, it's a weight for to -- it's an interface between the physical and the virtual world. And I think there's going to be a role for various technologies as the demand for more linkages between the physical and virtual continues to increase. QR codes need a clear line of sight. RFID the key advantage around that, is it does not. So when you have packaging lines or supply chains with a lot of variations and SKU complexity, package size and so forth, or a lack of clear line of sight, that's where RFID is going to win. Where you have fairly standardized products and clear line of sight with continued proliferation and advancement of both cameras as well as artificial intelligence, I think you'll see QR codes and just simple barcodes continue to grow as well. So I think there is an overall need for a linkage between physical and virtual world, and you're going to see multiple technologies play out in different ways. As far as the stock split, that is not something that we are considering at this time. When you look at the liquidity and otherwise, that's just not something that we are evaluating. But, George, if you have some views on that, would love to hear them, but that's where we are right now.
Operator: Mr. Mitch Butier, there are no further questions, sir. I will now turn the call back to you for any closing remarks.
Mitchell Butier: Okay. Well, I want to thank everybody for joining the call today, and for your interest in Avery Dennison. We again continue to deliver and execute consistently across the portfolio. And we, here at the company, are extremely excited by both our position and prospects going forward. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and kindly ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-25 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Garrett Gabel - VP of Finance & IR Mitchell Butier - President & CEO Gregory Lovins - SVP & CFO Cynthia Guenther - VP, Finance & IR
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital George Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Bryan Burgmeier - Citigroup Global Markets Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities Chris Kapsch - Aegis Capital
Operator: Welcome to Avery Dennison Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter ended July 1, 2017. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 11 AM Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, July 28. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21820266. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Garrett Gabel, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Garrett Gabel: Thank you, Pemma. Today, we will discuss our preliminary unaudited second quarter results. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A-4 to A-8 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that well make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Lovins, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us today is Cindy Guenther, how has recently picked up responsibility for the treasury function for the company and will also be resuming her former role as IRO, while I take on the Divisional CFO role for the Label and Graphic Materials segment. Ill now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitchell Butier: Good day, everyone. And Garrett, congratulations on your new role as Head of Finance for LGM, you've done a great job leading Investor Relations and FP&A over the last few quarters. And Cindy, welcome back. Greg and I and the rest of the investment community we're looking forward to partnering with you again.
Cynthia Guenther: Thanks a lot. Its good to be back.
Mitchell Butier: Now focusing on our results. Q2 was another strong quarter with excellent progress on many strategic fronts in each of our operating segments. Adjusted EPS was up 20% for the quarter, and we raised our earnings guidance to also reflect the 20% increase for the year, reflecting both strong operating performance and a sustainably lower tax rate. Our continued strong performance speaks the strength of our market positions and the strategic foundations we have laid. LGM, our largest business continued to exhibit strong profitability and solid sales growth. The transformation in RBS is clearly resonating with customers and delivering solid sales growth, while we accelerate the pace of margin expansion as promised, and we are building a stronger position in IHM, which offers great promise for long-term value creation as we leverage LGMs strength to target attractive end markets where we are underpenetrated. As you know, M&A is becoming a more important part of our story as we use it to accelerate our strategy to expand in high-value segments. To that end, we completed two acquisitions in the quarter Yongle, an industrial tapes business in China that serves global markets, and Finesse, a small supply of advanced wound care products in Ireland. These acquisitions are consistent with our stated strategy, expanding our position in high-growth segments to offer above average profitability and leverage our core capabilities. Now let me give you the headlines for the last quarter for each of the segments. LGM delivered nearly 7% sales growth ex-currency including the benefit of the Mactac and Hanita acquisitions. Consistent with our strategy, LGMs high value product lines continue to grow faster than the base business with broad-based strength in specialty and durable labels with modest growth in graphics. We also had modest growth within our base businesses in the quarter. In aggregate following a strong Q1, the pace of organic topline growth moderated in the quarter. Now we believe this moderation will be short-lived, reflecting a few factors that cause sales to shift into both the first and third quarters. Greg will give more color on that here in a moment. We do expect a near-term rebound and have in fact already seen a pick-up over the last few weeks. Importantly, particularly in light of the sales contribution from acquisitions, operating margin for the segment remains strong in line with last year's Q2 result. Shifting now to RBIS. The team delivered outstanding results across the board in Q2. Organic sales growth accelerated the 6% reflecting strong growth of RFID products, as well a solid above market growth for the base business. Adjusted operating margin expanded by an impressive 120 basis points. These strong results reflected success of our business model transformation, becoming more competitive, faster and simpler. The team continues to execute extremely well on this transformation, enabling market share gains, while driving significant margin expansion. Specifically, we have moved decision making closer to the market and improve local accountability, speed and flexibility for our customers are now competitive advantages and we continue to build a more cost effective cost structure. And finally, turning to the IHM segment. As mentioned we completed two acquisitions in the quarter, bringing our annual sales run rate to roughly $680 million in this segment. While operating margins will be below our long-term target in the near-term, we continue to see great opportunity for profitable growth in this segment. For the quarter, operating profit came in line with our expectations with revenue stronger and margins softer than we had anticipated. Organic sales growth for the industrial categories continued a strong pace, offsetting the anticipated sales decline in the healthcare categories. We expect this segment to return to a solid organic growth here in the second half, as weve discussed before, as the bulk of these headwinds in the healthcare are now behind us. Now operating margin declined by four points in the segment, largely reflecting the healthcare category headwinds. While most of this decline was anticipated, we are a bit behind on the productivity front, but Im confident that well overcome these challenges by leveraging the strength of LGMs execution capabilities. Coming back to the total company view. We anticipate sequentially stronger growth, both ex-currency and organically, as we move into the second half the year with healthy profitability. This continued strong performance as well as the benefit from the lower tax rate supports the $0.25 increase in the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance for the year. Were highly confident in our ability to consistently deliver exceptional value over the long-run based on the execution of our four key strategies, that is driving outsized growth in high-value product categories, growing profitably in our base businesses, relentlessly pursuing productivity improvement and remaining disciplined in our approach to capital management. Now another key success has been and will continue to be the depth of talent we have in the company. And Gregs promotion to CFO, as well as the other organizational moves we made over the last couple years attest to the depth and strength of that talent pool. Greg, its great to have you on the senior leadership team, the rest of the team and I are looking forward to partnering with you in the years ahead, so congratulations.
Gregory Lovins: Thanks Mitch, I appreciate that, and Im really excited to be in the role and Im looking forward to continue in partnering with you and the rest of our leadership as well. And hello to everybody in the call, and with that let we jump into the quarter. As Mitch mentioned, we delivered another solid quarter with earnings coming in ahead of our expectations. We grew sales by 7%, excluding currency and 3% on an organic basis and we delivered a 20% increase in adjusted earnings per share. Strong operating performance and a lower tax rate both contributed to the year-on-year change. Currency translation reduced reported sales by about 1% in the second quarter, was an approximately $0.02 negative impact to EPS. Our adjusted operating margin in the second quarter of 10.8% was up slightly versus the prior-year, as productivity and higher volumes more than offset higher employee related costs and a modest headwind from the net impact of pricing and raw material costs. Productivity gains this quarter included approximately $15 million of net restructuring savings, most of which benefited the RBS segment. Our adjusted tax rate was 26% in the quarter, down from 30% in the first quarter and reflective of our revised expectation of 28% for the full year. The reduction to the full-year tax rate is driven by continued favorable geographic income mix and a net favorability from discrete items. We now expect our sustainable tax rate to be in the upper 20s large reflecting that continued favorable geographic mix. Year-to-date weve generated free cash flow of $93 million, $59 million less than the same period last year as 2016 included a significant improvement in our working capital ratio. While weve largely sustained last years working capital efficiency gain, the cash flow benefit from that improvement doesnt repeat. Higher capital spending also contributed to lower free cash flow relative to prior year, and we continue to expect free cash flow conversion for the year of nearly 100% of GAAP net income. Our balance sheet remains strong. We have ample capacity to invest in the business including funding our M&A strategy, as well as continuing to return cash to shareholders in a disciplined manner. Our net note in late April released our quarterly dividend rate by 10%, and received authorization from our board to repurchase an additional $650 million of stock. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 400,000 shares at an aggregate cost of $36 million, and our share count declined modestly. We also paid $40 million in dividends in the quarter. On the acquisition front, we closed the previously announced Yongle deal in June, and the integration of that business is underway. While we expect this acquisition to have an immaterial impact on EPS for the full year, one-time transition cost will have a meaningful impact on margins in the IHM segment in the third quarter. As Mitch mentioned, we also acquired Finesse Medical, an Ireland based wound care manufacture with approximately 15 million in annual revenue. And we continue to expect that Mactac will contribute close to $0.10 of EPS improvement in 2017. And we expect the newly completed deals to contribute more than $0.10 to EPS next year. Following the acquisitions, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio temporarily increased, and is now closer to the high end of our target range. With that said, we have ample capacity to continue pursuing our disciplined capital allocation strategy. So let me turn to the segment results for the quarter. Label and Graphic Material sales were up 7% excluding currency, bolstered by the Mactac and Hanita acquisitions. Organic sales growth was 2% in the quarter, with high-value categories up mid-single digits and modest growth in base categories. As Mitch indicated, this represented a moderation of our performance over the last few quarters, largely reflecting timing effects, including the Q1 benefit from the pull forward of sales to the price increase in China, which we discussed last quarter, as well as the timing of various holidays between quarters and inventory destocking related to implementation of the new goods and services tax in India. And looking at the regions, in North America, we grew in low single digits, which we believe was due to modest pickup in demand and some share gain. This represents an improvement of our trend from previous quarters. Growth in emerging markets moderated to a low single-digit rate in the quarter as well, largely reflecting the timing issues that I outlined as well as the challenging prior-year comparison for Eastern Europe. So while we did see some softening of our growth rate and pockets of our business in Q2, we are confident in the return to roughly 4% organic growth for this segment in the third quarter. LGMs adjusted operating margin of 13.6% was unchanged from a relatively high level we saw last year, as the benefits from productivity and higher volume offset higher employee-related cost in a modest negative net impact from price and raw material costs. As we anticipated, aggregate commodity costs increased sequentially than ease towards the end of the quarter on a global basis. Of course, we see raw material costs trend to differ across regions and individual commodities, and we continue to monitor these movements within each market and adjust our prices as necessary. So let me shift to retail Branding and Information Solutions. RBS sales were up 6% organically, driven largely by the performance athletic in Premium Fashion segments within the base business, as well as strong growth of RFID with RFID products up more than 20% in the quarter. We continue to see volume growth outpace apparel unit imports and at the same time the headwind from strategic price actions we started implementing over a year ago, which was designed to improve competitiveness in our base business are largely behind us. RBS' operating margin improvement reflected the benefits of productivity initiatives and higher volume, which are partly offset by higher employee-related costs. We anticipate continued margin expansion in the back half of the year as the team continues to execute the business model transformation, and we benefit from the reduction and amortization that weve previously discussed. Sales in our Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment were up 10% excluding currency. While sales were flat on an organic basis, they actually came in better than expected, due largely to the strength in industrial categories, which were up low double digits for the quarter. Our operating margin declined in this business largely as expected due primarily to the decline in healthcare categories, including the impact of certain contractual payments we received last year that did not repeat. Acquisition integration costs in a modest negative effect in the net impact of price from raw material cost consistent with what were seeing in LGM also contributed to the decline. As I mentioned earlier, acquisition related costs such as inventory step up, amortization and other transition cost related to the Yongle acquisition will temporarily reduce IHM margins in the back half of this year. Were focused on improving our profitability in this segment, while investing to support growth and expect to see operating margin expand to LGMs level or better over the long term. So let me now turn to the balance for the outlook of the year. We have raised the midpoint of our guidance for adjusted earnings per share by $0.25 to an updated range of $475 million to $490 million. Roughly $0.10 of this increase reflects stronger operating results and $0.15 comes from the combination of a lower tax rate and a modest net benefit from currency and share count. We outlined some of the key contributing factors to our EPS guidance on slide 9 of our supplemental presentation materials. Focusing on the factors that have changed from our previous outlook, we now expect reported sales growth of 7% to 8% for the full year, reflecting the impact of Yongle and Finesse acquisitions and a smaller currency headwind. At recent foreign exchange rates, we estimate the currency translation will reduce net sales by less than 0.5%, and reduce pre-tax earnings by roughly $4 million. We now also expect incremental restructuring savings from $45 million to $50 million at the high-end of the previously communicated range. And as discussed, were now expecting a tax rate of approximately 28% compared to our previous assumption of 30%, again reflecting our new anticipated annual run rate. And we expect average shares outstanding, assuming dilution of approximately 89.5 million to 90 million shares. Our other key assumptions remain unchanged from what shared last quarter. So to wrap up, were pleased to report another solid quarter of continued progress against our long-term strategic and financial objectives. And with that, well now open the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Ghansham Panjabi: I'm not really sure who to congratulate first. So congratulations to all of you in your new roles, Cindy welcome back. I guess first off, what's driving the confidence between the expected 3Q rebound in LGM and given that you historically have not had a ton of visibility on volumes in that segment. Maybe you can give us a cadence of core sales growth during the second quarter and maybe what youre seeing in July more specifically?
Mitchell Butier: So, specifically there is a number of factors that Greg talked about, one is around the holidays that are impacting thing, so Easter had a negative impact in Q2, benefited Q1. We saw that in Q1. We talked about the impact of the pull forward from the price increase in China, what benefited Q1 and we anticipate that would hit the Q2. And then between Q2 and Q3, the move forward of Ramadan has an impact in Middle East, North Africa as well as South Asia, that should benefit Q3 and it didn't hurt Q2. And then combined with just what were seeing and our business is trending through, June was better than the other months as we went through the quarter. And our shipments first three weeks, we have very limited forward visibilities, first three weeks were up mid single-digits across LGM as well. So, a combination of factors trends within the quarter, discrete holidays and timing matters that we can point to around pricing or holidays is really what's driving us to that Ghansham. Now that's - I think your overall point we have limited forward visibility is spot on, thats why the full range of our guidance we still have a full point of topline growth range, built into our model reflecting that but we wanted to communicate what were seeing within the quarter and going into Q3.
Ghansham Panjabi: And just on RBIS, the margins - the volumes came in much higher than we forecasted for the quarter, did margins come in where you thought they would? Wondering why there was not even more operating leverage on there, on the quarter?
Mitchell Butier: Yes, operating margin did come in where we expect them to be relative to the growth and the growth is coming in strong both RFID, as well as strength within the base. Now if youre looking for more operating leverage on year-over-year comp matter, comparisons that is, we do have more compensation accruals - incentive compensation accruals built in this year than we did last year. So, again the normal flow through and were incentivizing the management to hit the aggressive stretch targets that we built within this business, and so we have more compensation expense in the quarter than we otherwise would.
Ghansham Panjabi: And just one final one in terms of Europe, I'm not sure if you commented on how Europe progressed for LGM during the quarter, and then also RBIS? Thanks so much.
Gregory Lovins: Yes, during the quarter, as Mitch mentioned overall Europe also picked up as we move through the quarter, overall our growth rate in Europe was in the low single-digit range similar to North America. But Europe was impacted a little bit more by the holidays with the Easter timing as well as, as Mitch mentioned some of the Muslim holidays at the end of the period as well. So we do expect to see that return a little bit closer to where we have been previously as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Louis Gaffner from Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Scott Louis Gaffner: First question was a bit of a follow-up, just Greg I think in your prepared remarks I couldnt hear, but I think you said either $0.05 to $0.10 better on the guidance relative to operations, and with that, so if you could just clarify that? And then, if I look at it, obviously the volume is the same as it was before from an organic perspective, is that - so that leads me to think that its margins that have gotten - the margin outlook has gotten a little bit better, is that more around price cost or mix or how should we think about the improvement there within the guidance?
Gregory Lovins: Yes, so overall, our guidance increased to $0.25, roughly $0.10 of that is due to operations, and the other $0.15 again is the net impact of tax currency and share count. Overall, I think it is a little bit of mix improvement, and a little bit of productivity improvement. We did range or did raise the outlook on restructuring, as we continue to execute very well on the restructuring initiatives, particularly within RBIS. We continue to drive productivity as we always do in the LGM business as well. So overall, we feel good about the margin outlook and the trends that weve been seeing.
Scott Louis Gaffner: And anything on the input cost side that would make you think that you might able to have different price cost spread as we move into the back half of the year and into 2018?
Gregory Lovins: We're not really seeing any real material moves in across different - across the overall in our commodities. As we mentioned a quarter ago, we were seeing some increases in chemicals going into Q2 that we expected to be somewhat short-lived, and it looks like those will be somewhat short-lived. We do see some increases in paper and pulp as we go into the back half, and theres a couple of areas or regions where we see that, and in those areas we'll be increasing prices accordingly, but overall relatively immaterial impact across the different commodity categories.
Scott Louis Gaffner: And last one from me, Mitch. When you look at the M&A environment, there've been some decent sized acquisitions within the labels space recently. Any thoughts around maybe getting a little bit more aggressive on M&A and focusing on some larger scale purchases rather than just bolt-on technologies and geographies?
Mitchell Butier: So our M&A pipeline is robust and we continue to work it and calling the exact timing of when things may or may not happen is always difficult. As far as our strategy, our strategy is bolt-on acquisitions of the size that you've seen with Mactac and Yongle, as well as capability building acquisitions similar to what you've seen within Finesse and Hanita. So that is the overall focus. And part of that is just a result of the reality of the markets which were in and our position within them as well. So thats as far as general size, we dont say overly limit ourselves, thats generally how we think about it as far as what you should expect and what were focused on.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
George Staphos: Good morning. Thanks for the details. Again, congratulation to everybody. Cindy, we thought you were sick of us, youre back for more, so...
Cynthia Guenther: I missed you.
George Staphos: Hopefully, congratulations, and first condolences, but now you've had. There you go. I wanted to come back to the extent that we can talk about this and I realize and Ghansham brought it up as well. You dont have that much visibility on your business given the very, very short lead times that you have. So if you were in our seat, trying to track Avery through 3Q and trying to determine whether that pick-up in volume in LGM has sustained itself, which parameters, which data points in the public domain would you have us watch recognizing theres not going to be anything thats particularly good in terms of that effort? And then, I had a couple of follow-ons obviously.
Mitchell Butier: George, we track a lot of the - some of the broad indicators. But the thing is that, a lot of the indicators you will look at are U.S.-denominated in U.S. market isnt where weve seen some of this volatility of growth or impact from holidays and so forth, and quite as much. So, I think, reading the headlines on the impacts within India, specifically, as far as the whats going on around inventory levels that was - we expected as - that one to press both Q2 and some of Q3 and seeing what the headline are on that would be one way to track that. The impact of the shift of Ramadan is just moves forward a little bit every year. And so, were seeing - going to see that move. So that one - I guess, just - its hard for you to tell exactly what the impact would be for us. And then, generally, just everything else you track, lets say lot of external indicators people look at are not - are tend to be U.S.-centric and thats not really where weve seen the volatility. And then, on the RBIS side focusing on apparel imports both in the U.S. and Europe would be key indicators to watch as well.
George Staphos: Now, one thing, if we consider where you seem to have some volume deceleration in the quarter, which was in emerging market. Traditionally, I would think that, that wouldve been uneven greater effect given the margin on EBIT. So if thats the correct assessment that you have traditionally had a little bit richer mix there, how did you offset that in the quarter or was there anything that you did to offset that in the quarter? And then, I want to come back to the question on RBIS incrementals as well. Should we still maintain the historical rules of thumb that after you cover 2% volume growth - you get to the incremental margins youve advertised and discussed in the past in that business or are those figures no longer applicable?
Mitchell Butier: Yes, let me start with the question on the emerging markets, I think the LGM emerging markets, overall we did continue to see growth in most of Asia. We did have a little bit of a - we still continue to see single-digit or high single-digit growth in India despite the GST implementation weve talked about, a little bit lower than our previous pace had been but still continue to see good growth, and we continue to see growth in China year-to-date basis in the high single-digit range. So overall, I think we do continue to see the growth there, a little bit lower than I have been previously - certainly in Q1 where we had the impact of the price increase prebuy as well. But overall we did continue to see growth in the emerging markets, which are typically higher margin from that perspective and that enable us to - to be able to keep that overall margin impact.
Gregory Lovins: As far as on the RBS side, I think that rule of thumb is a good one. It may shift down a little bit as the mix of business shifts more to RFID, those have high gross profit dollars per unit, but the variable margins, especially at the pace that were investing in business development that the variable margin might be somewhat lower, the absolute margins are higher than the average, but that would be one subtle shift over time, and Im talking about over coming years. As far as what were seeing within the business, within the margin profile that incentive comp element is a - would make up the difference for what youre looking for year-over-year George.
George Staphos: And my last question, Ill leave it here. Can you comment, put a number on, however you would have us to think about it, to what benefit you might receive from again increasing e-commerce and what that means for your business? And Ill leave it there. Thank you.
Mitchell Butier: That's - increasing e-commerce has been a trend that has helped to support our growth both in variable information labels within materials as well as to some extent within RBIS. In the quarter, it was a little bit slower, VI relative to everything else, but these growth rates can jump around, I mean, it was upper single digits for a quarter and then lower, so these can jump around quarter-to-quarter. So theyre a little bit slower specifically within the quarter, but general - the general thrust is that that will continue to be a tailwind and be a growth driver for us going forward as it has been in the last couple of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Adam Josephson: So, just a couple, one on - Mitch or Greg, just on the tax rate being sustainably lower, I assume that just lower expected growth in the U.S. long-term and continued, appreciably higher growth in emerging markets. But can you just elaborate on that a bit?
Gregory Lovins: Yes, I think the geographic mix is driven largely by the growth in emerging markets as well as the good growth that weve seen in Europe over the last number of quarters. And as we continue to do acquisitions, much of that is based outside of the U.S. at this point, with a lot of it being in Europe and some of it being in Asia as well, which typically have lower overall corporate tax rates as well. So, some of that all contributes to the favorable geographic mix that weve seen so far this year and that we expect to continue to see going forward.
Adam Josephson: Thanks, Greg. Just one on margins in the label business, obviously there is substantial margin expansion. In the last couple of years margins have flattened out, this year, obviously the top line growth has slowed a bit, and I think ROS have largely stabilized. How would you characterize the margin performance this year and just differentiate between the margin performance this year compared to the past couple of years? And what do you think is - think is sustainable, obviously, youve given a longer-term guidance, but just can you elaborate on the margin performance year-to-date versus what youve seen in the last couple years?
Gregory Lovins: I think year-to-date - I mean, our margin performance continues to be driven by a number of things. Some of which Mitch mentioned is well around the growth in higher value categories. So, we have higher single-digit growth in specialty and durables, which typically - as weve said, with our higher value product categories have typically higher margin for us as well. So, that continued mix benefit we saw in the first or in the second quarter, and thats part of where we expect to continue driving growth and improvement in our margins overall in the LGM side as well. As we said, we had a little bit of a net headwind from pricing raw material cost in Q2, but overall, relatively modest and relatively modest going forward at the back half of this year. But I think, longer-term, its really driven by the strategy around focusing on higher value categories as well continue to get more disciplined in the base and continue to drive productivity in our base business. Both of those things in combination and what - continue driving our margins in LGM.
Adam Josephson: Just a couple other, you might have mentioned this. And forgive me if I didnt hear it properly. But for resin and paper for the balance of the year, what exactly are you expecting?
Gregory Lovins: Overall, relatively flat in balance of the year sequentially. As we said, we saw a little bit of pickup in chemical costs in the second quarter. We expect that to moderate a bit at the kind of tail end of the Q2 and into Q3. And we are seeing a little bit of a paper increase and really dependent on the region. In Europe, were seeing a little bit more of an increase in paper than maybe some of the other regions. But overall, relatively flat in total. But again, chemicals are coming down a little bit, paper going up a little bit.
Adam Josephson: And just one last one just on capital allocation, I know, youve been doing some deals, your buyback activity has slowed quite a bit. Can you just remind us of buybacks versus M&A and the timing of the buybacks?
Gregory Lovins: Overall, I guess, I will start. We continue to have with where we are in our debt ratio as I mentioned ample capacity to continue to fund M&A and to continue returning cash to our shareholders. On the M&A front, as we said on capital allocation, we do look at the pool of funds for M&A and share buybacks somewhat fungible, and we had a little bit more M&A in the quarter than we obviously did in the previous couple of quarters. But overall, we did continue buying shares back in Q2 and well continue doing so in a disciplined manner. Overall, I think, our approach isnt changing, our strategy isnt changing there. Were going to continue both being disciplined on the M&A front as well as on the share buyback front. But our strategy is not changing towards continuing to return cash to shareholders overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup Global Markets. Please proceed.
Bryan Burgmeier : Hi, this is Bryan Burgmeier sitting in for Anthony. Understanding there were some timing issues in LGM, key competitors still pointed to mid-single digit volume growth. Do you believe Avery lost any share throughout the quarter and if so was part of the price had a cost impact you guys pointed to driven by getting a little more competitive on price?
Mitchell Butier: If youre just speaking specifically about LGM, what we see around the globe, I would say in the mature regions, we dont believe weve lost share. If anything, we potentially expanded share, and now you recall in North America, we said, we thought maybe we ceded some share late last year and were making adjustments to recover and we do believe weve recovered there. Within Asia, were not - we dont believe weve seeded any share over the cycle, I will say specifically in Q2. One of the things, were looking at, weve raised prices in China, and weve talked about the importance of our leadership position within the market, and leading out with price when there is inflation. And we sometimes have near-term share challenges for a couple of quarters, but we usually within a couple of quarters of that, we adjust and cycle that through, and thats something that we just - traditionally, were seeing, when we do price increases, we got to be - have the courage to push it through, and sometimes it has near-term share consequences. We havent completely worked that through yet, because were still only a few couple months after that price increase. So, generally no, but youve really got to look at market-by-market. Latin America, we continue to take shares, our position. Europe, it looks like we continue to take share. North America, we reversed the share loss. And China, we may have some share deterioration, but we will see that as near term.
Bryan Burgmeier : And then just a follow-up. RBIS' organic growth was a little bit stronger than we thought, are you guys starting to lap some of the pricing initiatives, and without - like a small headwind during the quarter or is pricing still a headwind? And then whats your outlook for pricing in the second half?
Mitchell Butier: So, when weve taken about pricing and the strategic pricing adjustments, weve started talking about a-year-and-a-half ago. We saw an opportunity to dramatically reduce our variable costs, particularly the raw material components that we were using, and moving more to local sourcing. And so, we started adjusting our pricing before we had localized that raw material sourcing, and then that was having a negative impact on the bottom line. Weve cycled that through, I believe we cycled through that in Q4 of last year from a margin perspective. Now this business is a custom business, so were always pricing the various components where they need to be relative to the specifics - the specs that the retailers and brands need. Our variable margins remain high and were growing in the base business. So price, because its a custom business, its hard to compare a 2x4 tag that is three color with a 3x1 tag that is four color across cycles if you will. But generally, its competitive market, we actually think that this new strategy we have enables us to grow profitably and meet more what the customers need are.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan Securities. Please proceed.
Jeff Zekauskas: In the quarter, were your raw materials and Label and Graphic Materials up by a mid-single digit rate or a low-single digit rate?
Gregory Lovins: Overall relatively flat to low-single digits year-over-year.
Jeff Zekauskas: And you spoke yourself is being squeezed a little bit in the second quarter. Do you expect to be squeezed in the third?
Gregory Lovins: Generally no and our impact in Q2 is relatively modest sequentially Q1 to Q2 largely driven by the chemical inflation we started to see in the back half of the first quarter. But again most of that we expect to have been moderated. We are seeing some pockets as I mentioned before in paper in particular, but well look to manage that through productivity and/or pricing where necessary.
Mitchell Butier: Jeff it's really a region by region story. So its tough to give you global perspectives on it. It is modest overall. But just going around the regions, Q1 we had been seeing inflation. In China, we raised prices and that was going in Q2 having a positive price impact in Q2, but negative volume impact because a lot of the volume was pulled forward as talked about. In North America, weve put out several warning letters that if the inflation we are seeing from Q1 to Q2 continued, we would raise prices that has abated, so we did not raise prices, so that did have some downward pressure on margins in the quarter that should abate. But now were seeing paper inflation as Greg mentioned in a couple of regions including Europe, where we are going out with the price increase. So, you really have to look at it region-by-region and this is just something managing these levels of moves of inflation is just part of the day-to-day focus of the leadership and deciding when to raise prices and when not to, and thats really the kind of environment were in. Were not in a big inflationary, deflationary environment right now, its very modest as Greg said.
Jeff Zekauskas: How much is RFID up in the first half?
Mitchell Butier: Its up in the mid-teens or so and more than 20% in the quarter. If you recall Q1 was growing sub 10%, as a result of tough comps the previous year.
Jeff Zekauskas: In the Label and Graphic Materials Industry in Europe or the United States, when you look at industry capacity additions over the next year or two, do you think the capacity additions are greater than industry growth or less?
Mitchell Butier: Yeah, the capacity additions have - they come in, in waves and so there was a very little capacity addition in North America for quite some time, and yes, the pace of capacity adds has - if you look at just a very short couple of year horizon has outstripped it. Now, the key thing to understand within our industry, capacity thats added can still be scaled up slowly, starting with one shift, two shift and so forth, and thats what weve traditionally seen, thats what we do, thats what we see happens within the market. Also capacity adds tend to precede potential planned capacity reductions as well. And so when you look over the long run, youll see ads coming in and then assets taken offline. Very similar to our own expansion a few years ago within graphics, we expanded graphics line in one side, and then reduce some capacity another couple of years later. So, this is larger - were going through a wave of capacity additions right now Jeff. When we look over the long run, this seems to be what you would expect for an industry thats growing like ours is.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Chris Kapsch from Aegis Capital. Please proceed.
Chris Kapsch: So, I had a follow-up on this notion of e-commerce being - e-commerce related sales being a little bit weaker in the quarter. You mentioned RFIDs growth actually accelerated, so presumably youre talking primarily about the variable information in the LGM segment. So, just wondering, if you can provide any color as to why the demand for shipping labels would be weaker during 2Q, particularly against this notion that you feel like you gained share - market share in most regions?
Mitchell Butier: It falls within the normal variability that we would often see within a particular product line. So, nothing specific to call out a broader trend that were seeing. It was growing - grew faster than we expected within Q1. We often dont give the product line outlook by region, I share that because, but if you look at the puts and takes of the various product lines this falls right within the normal variation. If it were to continue for another quarter or two then that would be a different discussion, but this is part of the normal choppiness we see within our product lines.
Chris Kapsch: And then if I could just follow up on sort of the raw material discussion and the idea of potentially, I think you said putting out a price increase at least in Europe, because of inflation in paper. Just curious what youve seen over time, maybe you could talk about, I dont remember since weve kind of seen a deflationary environment since late 2014, I dont recall the industry really going after pricing? And you did characterize most recently even though paper costs are higher, you have deflation suddenly in some petrochemical costs. So, are you - whats the dynamic and whats the discussion with the customer base when youre talking about price increase on the basis of higher pulp when you have on the other side of the ledger you have raw materials petro to drive raw materials being lower. Can you just describe how you see that playing out? Thank you.
Mitchell Butier: So we share whats going on within the market, and when we do a price increase we lay out the basis and the reasoning and thats why some of the price increase tend to be focused on the paper categories because thats where were seeing, where were not talking about films right now and price increases. So, we show the impact of the inflation that were seeing and a lot of that is to help the converter layer then be informed so they can go further on to the end users to work through price increases that they may need as well. So thats the environment were in, and thats what were working through right now, and these - you got to keep perspective in that, these are relatively modest at the total company level, where were going out as target price increase, where were seeing inflation for certain components where we need to pass on price increase to particular customers that are affected by this inflation and this is going on every year. Over the last few years, Latin America, it was raising prices because they had a lot of inflation in local currency and were constantly raising prices that was just part of the MO down there. So this I would say is part of normal doing business and what were working through right now.
Gregory Lovins: I think there is also variation by region as weve talked about before as well. Some of the chemical costs are part of what led us to the price increase in China in the first quarter and to a lesser extent some increases in North America for chemicals werent is a bigger factor, its small overall anyway but not a bigger factor in Europe, where Europe were seeing paper go up. So it is different by region and by commodity across the regions as well.
Operator: And we now have a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
George Staphos: Maybe to taking back on Chris's question and it didnt sound like you had a much more offer on this, other thing it's subject to normal variation you see in the business, but with most of the end market discussion on e-commerce in the trade press seemingly positive, the box state has been quite strong, which we think is being driven by e-commerce. Mitch, what would drive less consumption of VI-related material other than maybe some destocking from previous purchases in the quarter?
Mitchell Butier: So I think destocking, we have talks about often being as far back in the supply chain as we are destocking offerings what can drive moves for a couple of months and I would say that would be the primary thing to focus on. The overall general trend within e-commerce would be - expect it to be a continued driver for variable information and intelligent labels at large.
George Staphos: And then, secondly, working capital in the quarter was pretty normal when you look back historically over second quarter, it was down versus last year. And I think, you called out directionally there were something that were benefiting last years performance versus this year. Could you put perhaps a finer point on what some of those variances were? If you had already done, then I apologize for having missed them. And what would your expectations for working capital be both this year and to extent, do you have any kind of directional view into 2018?
Gregory Lovins: So I think, comment I made earlier was more about where we had ended the year before - year-to-date last year, our levels of working capital are relatively similar. And in Q2, were relatively similar to where weve been over most of the last year or two. Its just the starting point for this year. At the end of last year it was a little bit lower than it had been the year before, which led to a different free cash flow impact year-over-year. I think overall when we continue to look at working capital, we do have some pressure some of the acquisitions weve made typically have higher working capital ratios than what we have. Such part of the improvements, well be looking to drive from some of the acquisitions as well as we go through the back half of this year and into next year also. But overall, not much - I wouldnt expect much significant change one way or another in terms of our overall working capital ratios as we go across the next number of quarters.
George Staphos: So Greg, just to put a bow on that, so you actually think the acquisitions given the opportunities that you have there will actually drive some positive of the working capital for the next few quarters even though, you're starting at a higher-level of working capital intensity in those businesses. Is that correct?
Gregory Lovins: Yes, I think, well start out at a little bit higher level, and then over the course of a few quarters, well be continuing to working to bring those levels back down towards what more like what our average would be. It really depends on the business as well. Certain businesses have different levels of inventory, depending on the type of business, but overall, were continuing to drive inventory in other working capital components more towards our average.
George Staphos: Two last ones from me, and Ill turnover. First in terms of broader trends that youre seeing here in the LGM business, what could you share about what youre seeing in terms of adhesive technologies, requirements specifically being placed upon label and here what Im thinking about is to the extent that again, were seeing shifting in channel from traditional retail to online, is that bringing about any kind of change in the label thats applied on the primary package, and if there is anything that you see as being discernible there would be interested? And then, switching gears entirely in terms of IHM, are you seeing any, I dont know, more intense competition from your peers as youre trying to grow into those markets relatively to what your expectations would have been? And if you could provide any color even if theres been no change in your view that would be helpful? Thank you and good luck in the quarter.
Gregory Lovins: So two questions there George, so within LGM specifically, I think, what youre asking is broader trends specifically and as things moved to e-commerce, was that having effect on labels? And weve talked about one of the big advantages of our products are the shelf appeal. But if you think about household and personal care and so forth, one of things just pure e-commerce companies are looking for, to still have that moment of truth and people having some type of attachment to the brands that theyre buying. And so the physical decoration of the product is still an important aspect and were actually working with some of the e-commerce companies for how to further improve that moment of truth, so its not just a dirty poly bag being thrown on your porch, when youre buying something that - a brand that youre trying to connect with. So, those are works in progress, but overall were not seeing a big shift or impact on the branding side of labels, variable information labels, we see this is a tailwind and will continue to be a growth driver for us as we we're talking about earlier. Then industrial and healthcare materials, like many of our business is competitive, the difference is within that segment, its large, we're Tier 2 player and its growing well ahead of GDP, and it tends to be specified category. So, when you get specked in, youre specified on your own or youre one of two that are qualified for a particular program. And that - I wouldnt say there is, its a competitive environment as every industry that were in is, but I wouldnt specifically call that, Im seeing some large competitive response. This is a type of industry where we still see lots of niche players even as an industry is growing like this, these ones are that were going after, you tend to still have new entrants and a number of companies, but there is plenty room for everybody to win, so thats more how it characterize that broader space.
Operator: Mr. Butier, there are no further questions at this time. Ill turn the call back to you. Please continue your presentation or your concluding remarks.
Mitchell Butier: Well, I just want to thank everybody for joining the call today. A lot of great things going on within the company and were looking forward to continuing to execute our strategic priorities and delivering for everybody including our investors over the long run. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you once again. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Garrett Gabel - Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations Mitchell Butier - President and Chief Executive Officer Gregory Lovins - Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Company Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities Christopher Kapsch - Aegis Capital Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Welcome to Avery Dennison's earnings conference call for the first quarter ended April 1, 2017. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 12 PM Pacific Time today throughout midnight Pacific Time April 29. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21820265. Id now like to turn the call over to Garrett Gabel, Avery Dennisons Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Garrett Gabel: Thank you, Pamela. Today, we will discuss our preliminary unaudited first quarter results. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A4 to A7 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Greg Lovins, Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer. Ill now turn the call over to you, Mitch.
Mitchell Butier: Thanks, Garrett. And good day, everyone. Were off to a great start to the year, with another quarter of excellent progress against the long-term strategic and financial objectives for all three of our operating segments. Adjusted EPS was up 18% for the quarter, driven by solid sales growth, margin expansion and a lower tax rate. We raised our earnings guidance for the year and expect to deliver our sixth consecutive year of a double-digit increase in EPS and solid organic sales growth. Our consistently-strong financial performance speaks to the strategic foundations weve played and the depth of talent within each of our three operating segments. Since we had the opportunity to speak at length about our strategies and key initiatives within each of our segments during the analyst meeting last month, Ill just quickly touch on first quarter results for each. The Label and Graphic Materials segment delivered another excellent quarter, sustaining strong margins on 5% organic growth. As you know, this group is both our largest and highest return business. Over the past four years, the business has consistently generated organic growth within our target range of 4% to 5%. We maintained that healthy pace in the first quarter, driven by continued strong demand and share gain in Western Europe and the emerging markets. Now, in North America, following a relatively strong fourth quarter last year, volume growth was modest during Q1. Although market data isnt available yet, we do believe that market demand moderated somewhat in the US relative to the back half of last year. Globally, the high-value product categories, which include graphics as well as specialty labels, grew at a mid-single digit rate on an organic basis as continued strong growth in specialty was offset by slower growth of graphic materials, particularly in North America. As I mentioned, the operating margin for the segment remained strong and I am pleased with the teams focus on consistently delivering solid growth and continued productivity improvement in this high return business. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions. The team continues to execute extremely well on the business model transformation, enabling market share gains, while driving significant margin expansion. The base business delivered roughly 2% organic growth for the quarter, a meaningful improvement compared to last year, reflecting low single-digit volume growth and a moderation of the impact from the strategic pricing adjustments initiated late in 2015. The high-value product categories within RBIS  radiofrequency identification and external embellishment  continued to deliver as well. As expected, growth of radiofrequency identification products slowed to a mid-single digit pace, reflecting the difficult comparison to prior year when adoption by a large retailer drove growth of more than 70% for the quarter. We continue to target better than 20% compounded annual growth for these high-value products over the long-term. But as weve said, the growth rate will be choppy based on the timing of new program adoptions and expansions by retailer and brand owners in RFID. And finally, our new Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment came in a little better than our expectations for the quarter. Organic sales growth for the industrial categories continued at a strong pace, largely upsetting the anticipated sales decline in the healthcare categories. We expect this segment to return to a solid growth trajectory by the middle of the year when the bulk of the headwinds in healthcare are behind us. Now, since we recently created this segment, let me remind you of our strategic intent here. Weve aligned a number of smaller businesses that share common end markets and favorable secular growth trends, as well as the ability to leverage our key competencies in material science and process technology. This has been, and will continue to be, an area of focus for investment, as evidenced by our recently announced acquisition of Yongle Tape that we described in detail during our analyst meeting last month. Now, coming back to the total company view, we have raised the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance for the year by $0.18, reflecting an improved outlook for our operational performance and lower expected full year tax rate. We are confident in our ability to consistently deliver exceptional value over the long run based on the execution of our four key strategies. First, well drive outsized growth in high-value product categories that will improve our portfolio mix and bolster our position in this market. Second, we will grow profitably in our base businesses, by remaining highly disciplined with respect to pricing, reducing complexity and tailoring our go-to-market strategy. Third, well continue to relentlessly pursue productivity improvement to expand operating margin, while improving our competitiveness and less differentiated product categories. And, of course, we will continue our disciplined approach to capital management, both with respect to how we allocate capital for growth, productivity and acquisitions, as well how we distribute cash to shareholders. Now, Ill turn the call over to Greg. As we announced last month, Greg is serving as interim CFO. Many of you met him when he was in charge of finance for our largest business, the Label and Graphic Materials group. More recently, he served as corporate treasurer. Greg has extensive knowledge of all of our businesses developed during his more than 20 years with the company. And we have benefited from his strong business acumen over the years. I know you'll enjoy getting to know him better and benefiting from his insights. Greg?
Gregory Lovins : Thanks, Mitch. Appreciate that. And hello, everybody. As Mitch mentioned, were off to a good start to the year. We grew sales by 7% excluding currency and 4% on an organic basis. And we delivered an 18% increase in adjusted earnings per share, driven by strong operating performance and a lower tax rate. Currency translation reduced reported sales by about 1% in the first quarter, with an approximately $0.03 negative impact to EPS. Our adjusted operating margin in the first quarter improved 40 basis points to 10.1%. This was driven primarily by the margin expansion in RBIS. Productivity continues to be a key driver of the year-on-year margin improvement, including about $11 million of incremental savings from restructuring actions net of transition costs. Our adjusted tax rate was 30% in the quarter, reflecting our revised outlook for the full year rate, which is lower than prior year, due largely to geographic and income mix and the adoption of new accounting standards that impact the accounting for taxes on share-based compensation. We now expect the impact of this accounting change to be approximately $0.14 for the year, roughly $0.07 higher than previously anticipated due to the rise in our share price during the quarter. Free cash flow was negative $22 million, which is $15 million better than Q1 of last year. Higher net income and improved operating working capital performance was partially offset by higher capital spend to support our growth strategy. We continue to expect free cash flow conversion for the year of approximately 100% of GAAP net income. We also repurchased approximately 500,000 shares in the quarter at an aggregate cost of $35 million and paid $36 million in dividends. Including dilution, the companys share count increased by roughly 600,000 shares in the quarter, half of which relates to the tax accounting change. Additionally, you may recall that dilution always has the biggest impact in the first quarter of our year. Overall, our balance sheet remains strong and we have ample capacity to invest in the business, as well as continue returning cash to shareholders in a disciplined manner. As you know, in March, we issued 500 million of 1.25% senior notes, which are due in 2025. We used approximately 200 million of the proceeds to repay short-term borrowings associated with last year's acquisition of Mactac. The remainder will be used primarily to support further investment in the business, including acquisitions.  Were pleased with the results of this first euro offering, which is consistent with our large and growing footprint in Europe and provides us a natural hedge for our balance sheet. On the acquisition front, we closed the previously announced Hanita Coatings deal in March and the integration of that business is underway. The announced acquisition of Yongle Tape is on track to close in the middle of this year as well. Both of these acquisitions will accelerate our ability to grow faster in higher-value categories. We expect the impact to 2017 EPS to be immaterial for each of these transactions as we move through their integration phases. Now, let me turn to the segment results for the quarter. Our Label and Graphic Materials sales were up 9% excluding currency and up approximately 5% on an organic basis. The solid organic growth continues to be led by the emerging markets and Western Europe. The strength in emerging markets continues to be broad-based, with double-digit demand growth in the quarter. We also had a modest benefit from pre-buy activity in China, ahead of our price increase that took effect in late March. Within the mature markets, we continued mid-single digit growth in Western Europe and that was partially offset by some softness in North America, as Mitch indicated. Our high-value categories were up mid-single digits on an organic basis, with low single-digit growth in the combined graphics and reflective businesses, offset by some continued strength in specialty labels. The slower growth in graphics was due mostly to timing of customer purchases as well as a challenging comparison in North America, where the category grew at a mid-teens rate in Q1 of 2016. LGM's operating margin of 12.7% was unchanged from last year as the benefit from higher volume and productivity was offset by unfavorable product mix and higher employee-related costs. The year-over-year impact of price and raw material costs was negligible in the quarter, but we did see some modest sequential raw material inflation and we expect that trend to continue into the second quarter. As I mentioned, we have raised prices in China. And if current inflationary pressures in other markets persist, we will look to raise prices again where appropriate. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions, RBIS continues to show good progress from our business transformation, with organic growth of 3% despite a lower contribution from RFID than we have seen in recent quarters. And we had continued meaningful improvement in our operating margin. In the base apparel categories, we continue to see volume growth outpace apparel unit imports in what remains a challenging environment. In addition, the impact of strategic price reductions to improve our competitiveness moderated in the first quarter. As Mitch mentioned, the RFID was up mid-single digits for the quarter, in line with our expectations. We continue to expect this business to deliver 20%-plus growth per year, with volatility in the growth rate from period to period. RBIS operating margin improvement reflected the benefits of productivity initiatives and higher volumes, which are partially offset by higher employee-related costs. As the team continues to execute its business transformation, we anticipate continued margin expansion over the balance of the year. In our Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment, our sales also came in better than anticipated, with growth of 4% excluding currency and an organic decline of approximately 1%. Mid-single digit organic growth in industrial categories largely offset the expected decline in healthcare. Operating margin declined in this segment overall due to the sales decline in healthcare categories as well. Let me now turn to our outlook for the balance of the year. We have raised the midpoint of guidance for adjusted earnings per share by $0.18 to an updated range of $4.50 to $4.65. Roughly $0.07 of this increase reflects the stronger operating outlook and another $0.07 comes from the higher-than-expected impact from the tax accounting change. The remainder reflects the reduced headwind from currency translation, which is partially offset by modestly higher share count. We now also expect the impact of restructuring charges and other one-time items to be approximately $0.30 for the full year, a $0.10 increase versus our previous assumption. This reflects the shift in timing of certain charges associated with our restructuring actions and the inclusion of transaction costs from the Yongle Tape acquisition, which was not previously in our guidance. We outline some of the key contributing factors to our EPS guidance on slide nine of the supplemental materials. Ill focus on the factors that have changed from our previous outlook. We now expect organic sales growth of 3.5% to 4.5% for the full year, reflecting our solid results in the first quarter. At recent foreign exchange rates, we estimate that currency translation will reduce net sales by approximately 1% and reduce pretax earnings by roughly $10 million.  As discussed, were also expecting interest rate of approximately 30% for the full year. And we expect average shares outstanding, assuming dilution, of 89 million to 89.5 million shares. Our other key assumptions essentially remain unchanged from what we shared last quarter. So, overall, to wrap up, were very pleased with the start to the year and our continued progress against our long-term strategic and financial objectives. So, thank you and now well open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Robert W. Baird & Company. Please proceed.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Mitchell Butier: Hello, Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hey, everyone. So, first off, on RBIS, the 2.9% core sales growth, was that consistent with what you thought going into the quarter? I know you had very tough comparisons from a year ago. And also, with all the retail store closures that seem to be accelerating, do you foresee any sort of disruption in demand as inventory levels get adjusted in the supply chain?
Mitchell Butier: Yeah. As far as our expectations, we did expect a moderation within RFID specifically within the quarter, not obviously for the year over the long-term because of the tough comp that you commented on. And we did talk about last quarter that were starting to cycle through the strategic pricing adjustments we started making in late 2015. So, we did expect that  weve been talking through. Weve been seeing volume gains within the base business, so excluding RFID and external embellishments. And we expect as the strategic pricing adjustments cycle through, well start to see the growth on the sales line as well from the base business. So, little bit better than we expected. Overall, strong performance. As far as what's going on within the market, yeah, there is a significant amount of store closures and focus on inventory reduction as a part of that. For us, that just really reinforces the strategy shift we've had about getting faster, simpler and more competitive, lowering our variable costs, so we can be more competitive in the marketplace; and lowing our fixed cost, so we can expand margins; and focusing on speed and delivery of service to ensure that, as our customers look for faster lead times, were able to meet that need. So, a little better than expected, Ghansham, and Id say, overall, the trends that were seeing definitely aren't great overall from the market, but we think reinforces our strategic strength within the market.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay, thats helpful. And then in terms of RFID, you had a press release out in early April regarding a partnership with Target. Can you define for us what that actually means for Avery? Does Target, in that case, actually specify Avery RFID labels across their supplier base? Im just trying to think of the mechanics of that partnership.
Mitchell Butier: Sure. So, don't like to talk too much about specific customers here, but we have a very strong partnership with Target and this is not a new partnership. So, we just announced publicly this last quarter. Its not a new partnership. We are their primary partner in rolling out of RFID as they roll it across their stores.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. And just one final one sort of on the LGM side. Can you just give us more color on the cost inflation trendline, which raw material prices in particular have an upwards bias to them and why with that backdrop would you not want to be more proactive on price increases because it seems like the trendline is higher? Thanks so much.
Mitchell Butier: Yeah. Thanks, Ghansham. Overall, we did see some modest cost inflation in the first quarter and we are seeing some sequential modest further inflation in the second quarter, but largely coming from acrylics and propylene at this point. There are some indications that this could be temporary. So, were evaluating that and staying on top of that with our procurement folks as well. Overall, we continue to be focused on material reengineering as well to drive productivity on our raw material costs when we see these kind of slight inflation upticks. We did increase prices in China, as we talked about. And if inflationary pressures persist, we will look to continue increasing prices in other regions as well as we go through the quarter.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay, thanks so much. Ill turn it over.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Scott Gaffner: Thanks. Good morning.
Mitchell Butier: Hello, Scott.
Scott Gaffner: Mitch, when I look at the adjustment to the full-year organic sales growth target of 3.5% to 4.5% from 3% to 4.5% before, you said it was from the solid 1Q. But can you parse that out a little bit more? Is it more within retail branding or more within label and packaging materials? Where do you expect a little bit of an uptick there for the full year guidance?
Mitchell Butier: Yes. I think it's just the strength we saw in Q1 and going into Q2 from what were seeing. So, that's really what causes to raise the low-end of our guidance on the top line. You recall, when we set guidance and talked about it, particularly back in January, while we gave a range both for growth as well as for earnings per share, we said our target and our objective is to be in the upper end of that range. And so, we hit or exceeded our expectations in each of the groups and the company overall, top and bottom line. And so, you should expect the bottom to drift up through time, assuming we keep hitting our expectations.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. So, that sounds a little bit more broad-based higher-than-expected rather than
Mitchell Butier: Absolutely. Id say if you wanted to parse it out even further versus expectations, Europe and emerging markets came in a little better than we expected. North America was softer than we expected three months ago, specifically within the quarter.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And then, just on that  on the EM better, obviously, you had the pre-buy in China, can you kind of help us size that a little bit? How should we expect that to flow through in the 2Q?
Mitchell Butier: Yeah. Overall, in China, we had a good quarter with growth in the mid-teens. Even with the pre-buy, I think we're in the low double digit range. We would expect potentially between the pre-buy and a little bit of the timing impact of Easter in the other regions, which was in March prior year and April of this year, maybe roughly $0.02 falling between the quarters as a result of those pre-buys.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And last one, Greg, for me. I heard you mention something about higher share-based compensation. Is that included in your adjusted EPS number? And can you just re-highlight that again, so we can track that?
Gregory Lovins: Yeah. So, its not actually higher share-based compensation. Its the tax impact on share-based compensation. So, that was the change in the quarter. So thats related to an accounting standard change. So, we have removed the impact of taxes on share-based compensation from an equity to the income statement. So, that was really what the challenge was. Its not necessarily an increase in share-based compensation overall. 
Scott Gaffner: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
George Staphos: Hi, guys. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. Maybe segueing off of Scott's question, so I missed the number. I think you said  guidance is up $0.18 to the midpoint. I think you said $0.07 was from operations. $0.07 was from the tax rate. And the residual was from which sources, guys?
Gregory Lovins: Yeah. Really, the impact of a smaller headwind on currency, given where we are right now versus where we were at the beginning of the year, net of a little bit of a headwind on the share count.
George Staphos: Okay. And then, on the tax rate and the fact that you're dropping another $0.07 to the bottom line from the accounting adjustment, does that mean also more cash flow for you from that or is it more or less a non-cash, at least initially, effect from the lower tax rate in terms of what hits the bottom line?
Gregory Lovins: In terms of the cash tax, not a major change from where weve been historically at this point. That accounting change also did have a small impact on our cash flow as well, but overall not a big change from a cash tax rate.
George Staphos: Okay. Thanks for that. In terms of North America and the somewhat-softer LGM volumes, can you put a little bit more detail in terms of what was driving that? Recognizing you have very, very short lead times, have trends improved into April, so that we shouldnt worry as much about that, Greg? And then, there was some color on specialty and graphics and the interplay of volumes in the quarter, if you could review that again, thatd be great. And thanks. Thats it for me for the first round.
Gregory Lovins: Yeah. I think on graphics in particular, we did have a little bit of low-single-digit growth in North America in the quarter. And that was coming off of Q1 of last year where we grew, I think, in the mid to high teens in the graphics business. If you look at kind of a couple of year comp there, were still up in the mid-teens from where we were a couple of years ago in Q1. So, still feel good about our overall trajectory in graphics. Just a little bit of a blip in this quarter with the high growth we had a year ago. Overall, as Mitch I think mentioned in his comments, other volumes in North America were up slightly year-over-year, particularly in our base business, then offsetting part of that kind of slower growth rate in graphics.
George Staphos: But any view in terms of why this slowdown or was it just purely comparison? Its just like it wasnt graphics.
Mitchell Butier: It was relatively broad-based and theres no particular one or two insights wed have. Id say its variable information labels, barcode labels trended better than the rest, which we think is linked to just the increased growth of e-commerce.
George Staphos: Right.
Mitchell Butier: Other than that, relatively broad based.
George Staphos: Okay. Thank you, guys. Ill turn it over.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup Global markets. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Hey, good morning. You indicated that IHM margins kind of declined as expected. I'm just wondering if you can give a sense of what those run rate margins might be in the second half of the year as you lap some of the headwinds that you called out in IHM.
Mitchell Butier: Yeah. Our overall long-term guidance for this business is to be 12.5% to 13.5% plus. So, we dont give individual guidance within quarters and so forth. So, we would expect the business organically to show the expansion as weve talked through. One thing that does  you need to factor in that isn't specifically in our guidance is Yongle, the acquisition closes, which we expect sometime middle of the year. There will be an impact on what we actually report. But the base business that we have, you should expect some modest expansion as we go through the year.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just piggybacking on Scott's question, the $0.07 of the guidance raise came from better ops. When we think about the better ops, is there anything more than just the revision to organic growth? Are you running better or is there specific categories that are doing better than others? Just any kind of color you could give there?
Gregory Lovins: Its broadly the volume flow-through from what weve changed on the top line by and large. Obviously, individual divisions, there's different things going on. But that's one  Id say overall whats happening.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, thats helpful. Ill turn it over.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas from JPMorgan Securities. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. In the quarter, was RBIS flat, exclusive of the growth in RFID, or flat to down?
Mitchell Butier: No. Excluding RFID and external embellishments  external embellishments grew roughly 20%  excluding both of those, the base business was actually up a couple points, Jeff.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. And how do RBIS orders look for the second quarter year-over-year?
Mitchell Butier: Overall, the orders are consistent with what wed expect to see. Theyre relatively healthy. However, as weve talked about in the past, the key thing for this business as we go through the peak season is really what happens in the month of May. You can sometimes see surges. And then, if the peak, if you will, drops off a week early or extends a week late, is really what determines what will happen for the second quarter.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. So, it sounds like April orders, though, are up year-over-year. Is that right?
Mitchell Butier: Yes. And a big driver of that being RFID because were passing the tough comps and weve got some pipelines still going on.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: I meant exclusive of RFID.
Mitchell Butier: The second is excluding RFID? Then, yes, its coming at a healthy clip, relatively consistent with what we saw in the first quarter.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay, great. And then, the thing about Avery's financials is that your SG&A expense in the first quarter tends to be relatively high versus what you might report in the second and third quarters. Why is that? If you look at last year  Im sorry.
Gregory Lovins: Yeah. Jeff, so I ought to take this one. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Sure.
Gregory Lovins: We issue equity-based compensation within the first quarter. And people who are retirement-eligible, that tends to have a disproportional hit at the point of grant on the P&L, not only necessarily vesting. So, thats one of the reasons that it hits in Q1 a little bit more than elsewhere.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. And then finally, do you expect your gap between price and raw materials to widen in the second quarter or contract or stay the same?
Gregory Lovins: Yeah. I think the gap is negligible in the first quarter. As I said, we do expect some modest inflationary pressure sequentially into Q2. So, you might have a slightly bigger gap, but still relatively modest overall. And wed expect it to narrow again in the second half.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Gregory Lovins: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Continuing on, our next question comes from Christopher Kapsch from Aegis Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Kapsch: Yeah. I had a follow-up on the discussion around raw material cost inflation. Generally, when you think about paper being the biggest and then some of these petrochemical, acrylic monomer, propylene, propylene derivatives, generally, these are global fungible commodities. So, Im just curious about the price increase in China. What is it about that regional business in LGM that necessitates a price increase whereas you're not seeing the impetus in Western regions, like Europe and North America? If you could speak to that, does it have to do with the competitive dynamics that you're seeing in Europe and North America or what's unique about China that you're needing to execute on a price increase currently?
Gregory Lovins: Yeah. I think we started to see some increases in China, in particular, a little bit earlier in acrylics, in particular, I think, earlier this year that let us to do the price increasing action in March. We are starting to see the pressures in the back half of Q1 and into Q2, increased a little bit, as I said, in some of the other regions, and that's where were evaluating other actions. But, again, also looking at how we look at productivity in material reengineering to help abate that as well. But, overall, were seeing a little bit, again, modest increases across the regions, a little bit earlier in China, which is why we took the action there. And were evaluating actions in other areas. But we do see some signs that this inflation could be a bit transitory across the year. so, were making sure were staying on top of that and well increase prices as appropriate and where its necessary.
Mitchell Butier: And just to build on that, so why is China different? It was a couple of factors. You have  while theyre global commodities, you have still local capacity and there was some capacity constraints upstream within our markets within China that drove some of that.  And also, as weve talked about before, while these are global markets, you have currency adjustments as well. Obviously, it can influence the actual local inflation. And the Chinese currency has devalued relative to the US dollar, and so that, obviously, would create a little bit more inflationary pressure as well. I think the key thing here is, were seeing some pressure. We expect it to abate. But if it does not, we will be looking at price increases. But our overall focus here is to continue to use our productivity initiatives and material reengineering that Greg spoke about earlier, to continue to find new ways to reduce the cost, so that we can offset any inflation. And to the extent we can't, well then be looking at pricing beyond that.
Christopher Kapsch: Okay, that's helpful. And then, I had a follow-up just on your revised organic growth forecasts. And I realize, under the new segment reporting, there could be some comparing apples and oranges. But focusing on the Label and Graphic Materials business, I think you had an organic plus 5 in the quarter, and again maybe not apples to oranges, but I think the first quarter was the easiest comp, notwithstanding your earlier comments about graphics in North America having a tough comp. So, I think, overall, that the first quarter was an easier or is the easiest comp perhaps of the year. So, just curious about your confidence in the revised organic growth for the full year with what could be viewed as much tougher comps coming in the second half for that business. Thanks.
Gregory Lovins: Well, this being our largest business, the whole range of our guidance that we have, 3.5% to 4.5%, we came in at 5%. Youre asking specifically about LGM. So, at the low end, youd have to have a moderation for the rest of the year. And at the high-end, you would basically have a consistency with what we saw on Q1.
Christopher Kapsch: Okay, fair enough. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli from Gabelli & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Mitch, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the industrial side of your business. Once you exclude healthcare, what type of growth  and I apologize if you gave it and I missed it  and are there any particular segments of market that are doing better or worse than others?
Mitchell Butier: Yeah. So, overall, so weve had strong growth within the industrial businesses. And the particular segments, US  both US and Europe, but in the US, building and construction is the biggest area thats driving growth right now. And modest growth within the automotive space and very strong growth within building and construction.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Are you seeing a decline or anticipating a decline in the other category?
Mitchell Butier: Well, if youre talking about broadly whats going on within the market, as far as our perspective, the market may go through may go through a bit of a slowdown or could continue along the pace that its been seeing. We have significant share gain opportunity within our business, though, and that's what were focused on. And with the acquisition of Yongle Tape, that gives us access to OEMs that we think we can leverage across the product portfolio and really go after new opportunities. And remember, within automotive, there is a general secular trend towards light-weighting and so forth and a conversion from mechanical fasteners to tapes and adhesives. And so, even if there's a shift on the general automotive build trend, we think that the market overall has good secular tailwinds and we will have share gain opportunity as well.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thanks. That is very helpful. And then I was wondering if you could give us a little more on the healthcare side.
Mitchell Butier: Sure. The healthcare, there is two aspects to that, if you recall. One, Vancive basically comped through some declines in the middle of last year, so weve cycle through that in the middle of this year and we should return to growth in that business. And then the other aspect was, there is the program loss because of the technology chain within the healthcare side of our tapes business. That basically has been declining and will cycle through by Q3 of this year as well.
Rosemarie Morbelli: So, what do you think  I understand you are going to anniversary the declines. But what is going to generate growth for that particular business as well as the margins. Are you coming out with new product lines? Are you counting on acquisitions? Can you help me understand?
Mitchell Butier: Absolutely. Yeah, if you recall, one of the changes we made as we reconnected the business with tape, specifically to leverage some of the synergies that we have within tapes for development of new products and so forth, and so weve got a number of new products from antimicrobial wound care packages, IV bandages and so forth, and have a number of partnerships with key end users that we see a lot of opportunity for growth and margin expansion. And the margin expansion is going to be around both driving growth, but getting much more focused and disciplined in having a much more cost-effective service delivery model.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thank you.
Mitchell Butier: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is a follow-up from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
George Staphos: Hi. Thank you, guys. Two questions on RBIS for me to finish up. In terms of employee costs, I think there was a mention of that, Mitch, in your remarks at the beginning. Should we be expecting some deceleration in the year-on-year growth in employee cost, 2Q, 3Q, et cetera? Or is whatever the run rate was in 1Q likely to continue over the balance of the year? And if you had that handy or if it was available, what was that trajectory on employee cost? So, that's broadly question number one. And number two, on RBIS, I just want to make sure, now that you're lapping the strategic price adjustments that you had in the business, do you think the price levels are such that you can continue this volume momentum? Or is there any  I dont know how to phrase it  lingering concern that once you lap that, you may start to see some of your share momentum also decelerate? How would you have us consider that? Thank you, guys. And good luck on the quarter.
Gregory Lovins: Thank you, George. Yeah. So, first, on the employee cost inflation, this business is more employee intensive than our other businesses, and that's why we call it out as far as the wage inflation that we have within the business. You would expect  I wont comment specifically about in this year, but over the trend of the transformation that we have that that headwind would moderate a bit. The key thing we focus on is our general wage inflation  because we have this in all of our businesses  getting it to a size where its at or less than our general productivity that we have. So, non-restructuring productivity. So, using Lean Sigma and otherwise. And that is our focus and that's something that we've achieved within the quarter and reached.  And then, as far as our share gain opportunities, you asked about the  we cycle through the strategic pricing adjustments, but talking about price going forward within this business is tough. Its a custom business, so you're moving from a 3 x 3 tag to a 3 x 2 tag and going from four color and five color and so forth. So, what we really focus on are the variable margins within that. And we think that we can continue to maintain the variable margins and continue to drive more competitiveness and gain more share. And the share isn't just about price. A big move here has been our improved service, both preorder and our design capabilities, as well as post-order, so how quick we can deliver the products to our customers. That is a key part of the value proposition that weve dramatically improved over the last 18 months.
George Staphos: Mitch, you may have mentioned it before and I forget if you have. Can you put some kind of numbers around how the service levels have improved for you over that interval or whatever you think is a relevant interval?
Mitchell Butier: Sure. So, our flexibility rates, which we measure as what percent of orders that we can deliver on time based on the customer request on our promised date, these were around 60% 18 months ago. Theyre north of 90% now and closing in on what the materials businesses have, which are in the high 90s.
George Staphos: Okay. Okay, I remember that now. Its very impressive. And just on employee costs, is it typical that you have the most pressure early in the year, just broadly. And so, whatever that headwind that you offset with productivity was in 1Q, the nut gets less lodged to step over in the subsequent quarters or is that not sure? Thank you, guys.
Mitchell Butier: Year-over-year, its relatively consistent. Sequentially, Q2 is when you have the big headwind because wage increases tend to happen in early April.
George Staphos: Okay. Thank you, guys. 
Mitchell Butier: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir, for your question. Mr. Butier, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to you. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Mitchell Butier: Great. Thank you. Well, again, were pleased with the performance in the first quarter, of consistently strong performance that we've been delivering. It really is a testament to the depth of talent we have in the organization, the resilience of our leadership positions within each of our businesses and the strategic foundations weve laid. And I just really want to thank the team for their continued dedication, creativity and focus. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you once again.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Garrett Gabel - VP of Finance and IR Mitchell Butier - President and CEO Anne Bramman - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Matt Krueger - Robert W. Baird Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only-mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full-Year Ended December 31, 2016. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 10 AM Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time February 4th. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21820264. I'd now like to turn the call over to Garrett Gabel, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Garrett Gabel: Thank you, Kama [ph]. Today, we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited fourth quarter and full-year results. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on Schedules A-4 to A-8 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release and Appendix B of our supplemental presentation materials. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Anne Bramman, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ill now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitchell Butier: Thanks, Garrett, and hello everyone. I'm pleased to report another year of excellent progress towards our long term goals. We delivered strong organic sales growth and double-digit growth in earnings per share with return on total capital expanding the 17%, all while increasing our pace of investment to drive future growth. Our Label and Graphic Materials business continues to outperform, Retail Branding and Information Solutions is now on track to achieve its long-term margin goals, and the newly created Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment while down in the near term is well positioned to create significant value. 2016 marked the fifth consecutive year of solid organic sales growth and double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth. This consistent performance speaks to the resilience of our market positions, the depth of talent in the Company and the strategic foundations weve laid. We continue to make great progress and accelerating growth in high-value categories such graphics, tapes and RFID, both by capturing share organically and through acquisitions. And our constant focus on driving productivity and instilling more pricing discipline have improved the organic growth rates as well as significantly increased margins in our base businesses such as pressure-sensitive barcode labels and department stores apparel tags. These strategies have further reinforced our already strong foundation, which we are beginning to leverage through the disciplined execution of our M&A strategy. Now, let me describe how these strategic priorities are playing out within each of the segments. Label and Graphic Materials effectively the former pressure-sensitive material segment excluding performance tapes had another outstanding year of solid organic growth and margin expansion. Our strategy to expand our position high-value categories is working. These categories which include specialty Label, Graphics and Reflective Solutions were approximately 10% for the year. I'm especially pleased with our progress in graphics. Weve gained share by improving our quality and continuing to provide differentiated service as well as by bringing innovation to the space particularly in cast films. Now, with the addition of Mactac Europe, graphics is a roughly $500 million business for us. With this scale and the ability to leverage our operational excellence and expertise in material science, this business is well positioned for significant value creation. In addition to delivering above average growth in these high value categories, we generated solid organic growth and sizable margin expansion in our base product lines for the second year in a row. Our focus here has been to position ourselves for sustainable profitable growth through tailored go-to-market strategies and a constant drive for productivity. And that would be re-missed, if I did not also highlight the importance of emerging markets which continue to be a significant and consistent growth driver in the segment, and we expect to continue to benefit from our broad-based exposure and leadership position in these geographies. We have and will continue to increase the pace of investment to leverage this high return business, as demonstrated by our acquisitions of Mactac Europe and Hanita Coatings and Ink Mill as well as our investment to expand our flagship plant in Luxembourg. You've heard about Mactac and Ink Mill, so Ill just comment briefly on the acquisition of Hanita Coatings that we announced in December. This is an Israeli developer and manufacturer of coated films, the great standalone business today, operating in market segments that expand our reach; and we see immediate opportunities to cross sell their products through our global network. The Company had a closure of innovation and longstanding commitment to R&D, which are strong fit with our own record and commitment to innovation in material science. We expect this deal to close in the first quarter. Retail Branding and Information Solutions delivered solid growth driven by radio-frequency identification, which grew an impressive 40% for the year. The growth was driven by both the implementation of new programs and the acceleration of active rollouts. The case for RFID is clear and we remain the go-to supplier in the market, so we will continue to invest in innovation and capacity in this space. Outside of RFID, we saw volumes increased across customer categories over the last few quarters, despite a difficult retailer apparel market, demonstrating early success of our multi-year transformation strategy. We continue to move more and more decision making closer to our customers, reduce complexity as well as our cost structure, and qualify lower cost, locally sourced materials to support more competitive pricing. Our improvements in service flexibility and speed continue to resonate with our customers, and are the force behind our accelerated pace of margin expansion. To that end, I'm pleased to say that we are on track to deliver on our long-term profitability and value creation objectives in this business, even should we remain in a relatively low growth environment for apparel. Turning to Industrial and Healthcare Materials, this newly created segment includes our performance tapes business previously reported in pressure-sensitive materials, our fasteners business, which was previously in RBIS and Vancive Medical Technologies, which was previously a standalone segment. We've spoken before about reestablishing the linked between tapes and Vancive to better leverage our core competencies as well as our cost structure. This new segment reflects that strategic shift as well as the alignment of businesses that share common and markets namely automotive, electronics and healthcare. These are attractive high value markets for us where we are currently underpenetrated. The growth prospects for this business reflect broader trends such as the conversion from mechanical fasteners to tape that reduce weight and provide other functionality such as noise and vibration dampening. We expect this business to return to a solid growth trajectory by mid-2017 in both Industrial and Healthcare categories. This segment has a comparable margin to Label and Graphics Materials, and we expect it to enter 2018 with the comparable growth rate as well. Given the growth potential and the ability to leverage, our key competencies including process technology in R&D of our two materials segments, this is an area of focus for future investment including M&A. Speaking of which, I'm pleased with the overall progress and our M&A strategy, both in terms of the quality of the deals and the size and quality of our pipeline. We will continue to pursue opportunities that increase our exposure to high-value lines, product lines, add to our core capabilities and provide greater scale. All-in-all, 2016 was another great year, and we are looking to continue our strong performance in 2017. As always, we aim for the upper end of our guidance range and are targeting solid revenue growth and double digit EPS growth this year. We are confident we will continue our momentum and achieve our long-term goal by maintaining our focus on delivering exceptional value for our customers, our employees and our shareholders as we execute the key strategies I outlined earlier. First and foremost, we will drive outsized growth in high-value segments. We will continue to invest disproportionately here both organically and through both on acquisitions. Overtime, this will improve our portfolio mix and bolster our leadership in these key segments. Second, we are relentless in our pursuit of productivity improvement to enhance our competitiveness across all product categories and of course to drive margin expansion. Third, we are maintaining our high degree of capital efficiency while increasing investments to support profitable growth and long-term value creations; and of course, we will continue our disciplined approach to returning cash to shareholders. Now, I'll turn the call over to Anne.
Anne Bramman: Thanks, Mitch. I'll provide additional color on the quarter and year, and then I'll walk you through our outlook for 2017. In Q4, adjusted earnings per share increased by 17% compared to the prior year above our expectation due to higher than expected organic sales growth of approximately 5%. Acquisitions lifted sales by 2.7% while currency represented a headwind of approximately 1%. Adjusted operating margin in the fourth quarter improved 70 basis points to 9.4%, driven by the impact of higher volume and productivity initiatives. Restructuring savings net of transition expenses were approximately $14 million in the quarter and $82 million for the year in line with our expectations. Our adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 32% and approximately 33% for the full year in line with both our expectations and the prior year. Free cash flow was $139 million in the quarter. For the full year, free cash flow was $387 million driven by higher income and working capital productivity. As expected, we increased our combined spending on fixed and IT capital projects, and restructuring this year, as we continue to invest for profitable growth particularly in our high-value categories and in emerging markets. Our balance sheet remains strong and we had ample capacity to continue funding acquisitions as well as returning cash to shareholders. As Mitch stated, we are committed to the disciplined return of cash to shareholders. We've repurchased 3.8 million shares in 2016 at a cost net of proceeds from stock options of $191 million and paid $143 million in dividends. Before I provide commentary on segment performance, I want to point out that we have provided a bridge for a previous segment to the new segment, for both the fourth quarter and full-year in Slide 7 and in Appendix A in our supplemental materials. Our Label and Graphic Materials segment is essentially what we previously referred to as PSM, less our performance tapes business, which is now included in Industrial and Healthcare Materials. As you can see, the growth in margin profile of this segment is relatively unchanged. We have moved our high-margin Fastener Solutions business from RBIS to IHM, reducing the margin base-line in RBIS by approximately 80 basis points. The adjusted operating margin improvement of 230 basis points since 2013 is unchanged for the segment. The Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment includes performance tapers Fastener Solutions and Vancive Medical Technologies which was previously a standalone segment. Today, the margins in these segments are similar to LGM, and once we move pass the headwind in the first half of the year, we would expect the sales growth to be similar as well. Now, turning to segment performance for the quarter, in Label and Graphic Materials sales increased approximately 7% on organic basis impart due to improved volumes and matured markets which increased mid-single digits in the quarter. We saw continued solid demand in Western Europe while volume in North America improved from the relatively soft conditions in Q3. We believe that we have recovered some of the market share we ceded in North America earlier this year. Broad-based strength in emerging markets continued with organic sales growth of low double-digits in the quarter. China grew mid-single digits, sustaining the improvements we saw in Q3, while growth in India moderated to a high-single digit growth rate due impart to the government demonetization campaign. From a product line perspective, sales in Label in Packaging Materials increased mid-single digits and the combined Graphics and the Reflective businesses increased low-double digits organically. LGM's adjusted operating margin increased by 70 basis points to 11.5% due to the impact of higher volume. As expected, margins were negatively impacted by nearly 50 basis points due to the Mactac integration. We expect this acquisition to contribute approximately $0.10 to 2017 ETF when we move pass the integration phase and margins come in line with the segment average. Turning to Retail Branding and Information Solutions, sales grew 5% on an organic basis driven mostly by growth of RFID which exceeded expectation increasing 20% for the quarter. We continue to expect this business to grow at a 20% plus rate going forward, and well continue to invest in this important growth catalyst. Despite a challenging retail apparel environment, volume growth improved in the base business, and we continue to see signs that our efforts to transform the business model are gaining traction. From a regional perspective, we continue to see strong unit volume growth among European retailers and brand owners, partly driven by continued progress in expanding our share among fast fashion retailers. Unit volumes for core products were essentially flat in the U.S. consistent with what we saw last quarter, and this market remains challenged as demonstrated by macro indicators. Adjusted operating margins in this segment improved by 220 basis points to 10% as the net savings from the business model transformation and the benefit of higher volume were partly offset by higher employee related cost. This brought the full year margin expansion to a 110 basis points as we progress towards achieving our 2018 profitability target. The margin improvements objectives remain the same for this business and despite moving the high-margin Fastener Solutions business to IHM, we are confident in our ability to achieve a 10% operating margin in 2018. Industrial and Healthcare Materials sales declined by 8%, as growth in Industrial Materials were more than offset by the decline in the broader healthcare category, reflecting the program loss in personal care and the decline in Vancive weve discussed previously. Industrial categories were up high-single digits on an organic basis. Adjusted operating margin declined by 310 basis points to 9.7%, as the lower volume with only partly offset by productivity initiatives. As I previously mentioned, we expect this business to return to growth in the second half of 2017, and have an organic growth and margins similar to LGM. We look forward to share a more detail on our strategies and long-term goals for each of the segment during our Analyst Meeting next month. Now, turning back to the total company; our results in 2016 represent another year of progressions towards our long-term target. We are on track to deliver on our 2018 goal and have achieved a 17% return on total capital. Our net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio remains below our targeted range. Our balance sheet is healthy and we have ample capacity for investments. Turning now to our outlook for 2017, we anticipate adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $4.30 to $4.50. We have outlined some of the key contributing factors to this guidance on Slide 12 of our supplemental presentation material. We estimate between 3% and 4.5% organic sales growth in line with the range we've experienced over the last few years. The impact of acquisition on sales is approximately 1.5% from close deals and approximately 2% including the impact of the announced Hanita deal. At recent exchange rates, currency translation represents a pretax earnings impact of approximately $22 million or roughly $0.17 per share. We estimate that incremental pretax savings from restructuring actions will contribute between $40 million and $50 million in 2017. About 40% of which represents the carryover benefit from actions taken in 2016. At the low end of our EPS guidance range, we would expect modest improvement in consolidated margins. At the high-end, we would expect approximately 50 basis points in our margin expansion. We expect the tax rate in a low 30s due to stronger income growth in lower tax jurisdictions. We estimate average shares outstanding assuming dilution of 88 million to 89 million shares, reflecting our continued return of tax to shareholders. We anticipate spending approximately $215 million on fixed capital and IT projects and approximately $22 million in cash restructuring, which combined is roughly flat to 2016 and consistent with our long-term capital allocation plans. We continue to expect free cash flow conversion of approximately 100% of net income. So, in summary, we are pleased with the strategic and financial progress we made against our 2018 goals this year. Our solid and consistent free cash flow and healthy balance sheet give us plenty of room to invest in the business and return cash to shareholders. And our profitable growth strategies combined with the high degree with capital efficiency reflect our commitments to deliver exceptional value over the long run. Now, we'll open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Matt Krueger: This is actually Matt Krueger sitting in for Ghansham. What were the major factors that led to your core sales growth out performance in Q4, relative to your initial expectations? And which, if any, of these factors are sustainable moving into the 2017 year?
Anne Bramman: So, well, we had a really solid quarter with 5% organic growth which really exceeded our expectations, and we saw this both in the LGM and the RBIS particularly RFID that was strong in both divisions. So, from a margins perspective, we saw this coming in slightly better due to higher volumes and then the impact of our transformation efforts in RBIS. As we talked about the guidance for 2017, and while we assume was on the top line is, if you look at our sales growth over the last couple of years, we've delivered anywhere from the 3% to 4.5% organic growth. I mean, it really depends on what you see both from a retail apparel market as well as the broader economic market, and so that's why we gave the range of the 3 to 4.5. As far as on the margin side, what we believe on the margin for the guidance is that, we'll see productivity improvement in RBIS and it really depends on the degree as well as the volume flow through pickup. So, on the high end, we would expect to see more coming from top line growth from RBIS. Certainly on the high end of our guidance from a LGM perspective, we would expect to see a modest improvement in margins particularly coming up from really strong 2016.
Mitchell Butier: And just to build on that Matt, looking just in Q4, high level I'd say little bit stronger coming in from Materials in Europe. And I'd say the pace with which we were able to reverse the trend in materials North America beat our expectations. And then China for both Materials and RBIS came in bit stronger than we expected, and we think some of that maybe due to the timing of Chinese New Year being earlier in '17 than usual. So those are the key headlines for the beat. Overall though it reinforces the strategy that we've been laying out about wining in all categories and really speaks with resilience and strength we have our broad-based market positions in each geography.
Matt Krueger: And then, can you provide a breakout of your expected 2017 cost savings by segment? And can you provide any specifics about the timing of these cost savings as they flow through the year?
Anne Bramman: Yes, as we mentioned, we have some carryover savings coming into '17, which we really that piece to be more frontloaded. For additional new actions that we're taking, we really see those being more back loaded about I would say roughly 75% of the savings will be flowing through SG&A, and the bulk of the vast majority of those are going to be related to RBIS.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Up next, we have a question from the line of Scott Luis Gaffner from Barclays Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Gaffner: Question is more on the margin expansion. You talked about volume leverage you also talked about growth in the higher margin businesses. Just specific to 2017, it sounded like it more focused; let's say we get to the high end of 50 that's the margin improvement. Is that more focused on volume leverage? Or is it more focused on actually growing in the higher margin businesses?
Mitchell Butier: You can tease out any single component that you want. I think what you see is just it's a combination of volume leverages as well as driving productivity, is what we've lead out in our guidance for 2017, Scott. If we talk about the comments over the last couple of years, we've seen improved margins from the improved mix, but the biggest driver was actually instilling more disciplined within the base business that we've been talking through both from driving productivity, but also enabling us to drive more profitable growth and get volume leverage even within that category as well.
Scott Gaffner: So when you look at the incremental margins in RBIS. I mean is it -- are you able to generate incremental margins at a lower sales volumes figure now? And what is a typical incremental margin in that business nowadays?
Anne Bramman: So, I think Q4 was really a good representation that when you get growth in this business, it flows through, it's a very high variable margin business. As we continue to accelerate our strategy, our business transformation, we would expect to see the contribution margin continue to hold up in this business despite a microenvironment with the retail piece to it. So, it's really about volume in this. When we look through this and look at our general rule of thumb, you do need a couple of points to have it start flowing through a top line growth. But in general really trying -- we're positioning this business to be able to achieve the profitability goals even in the low growth environment.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And are you generating positive economic value within the RBIS segment now at these margins rate?
Mitchell Butier: Yes. So, the margin rates that we are going into for 2017 and 2018, this business will be positive EVA. Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup Global Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: In the past two quarters, you have cited price net of cost as negative for the PSM business. I wondered how that trended in Q4, and what raw material trends you're seeing currently and how we should think about balancing price cost maybe in the first half of the year?
Mitchell Butier: Yes. So, overall, were seeing a relatively stable environment on raw materials, but it's different by component. We buy a lot of specialty both chemicals as well as paper products. But within that seeing a little bit of modest headwinds in chemicals pretty broad based across regions, and seeing some specific inflation relatively modest but still enough within China that were looking at a price increase there. So, the key message here overall relative stability, little bit modest headwind. But Id say it's relatively negligible overall.
Anthony Pettinari: And then looking at RBIS, I guess the apparel important data that we see in North America has been a little bit more positive in recent months. Just curious what kind of demand youre seeing in January? And I guess a related question, we have a new administration and there is been a lot of discussion around border adjustment tax and potential impact to apparel and retailer some of your customers. I'm just wondering, if you had any broad thoughts on that as well?
Mitchell Butier: Sure. So, just overall your first question about what were seeing within the first quarter, first few weeks of shipments within our RBIS. So, it's tough to read, few weeks data is never a great read for a quarter or year is going to play out, and it's particularly challenging here because of Chinese New Year. With the Chinese New Year moving earlier, we really need to cycle through the first two months to every year to get a good read on it. First couple of weeks, we're positive and now it's off because were in the middle of the Chinese New Year, which we haven't come through yet. So, as far as the broader tax, were in close contact and working with our retailers and brands to understand how they're thinking this through. The key message here is just way too early to tell what the impacts of that maybe and whether would even be implemented in its current form or even any other form. So, there is quite a few questions on it, were close to this. I think as if anything related to this were implemented, I think what you would expect is that retailers would have to get much more efficient in managing their supply chain, reducing inventories and so forth. And that would play to our strength as far as the capabilities that we bring both in brand management and information solution business, not just help elevate brands, but also to help accelerate the supply chain.
Anthony Pettinari: And then just maybe one last housekeeping question. In terms of the guidance for 2017, is there any pension expense or cash contribution that we should be modeling for 2017 versus last year?
Anne Bramman: So, on the pension expense side, we do see it going up about a $0.06 EPS impact in 2017 primarily due to foreign pension discount rates declining, which increases the pension expense. So that is a headwind for us in 2017. As far as the cash contributions, we did make the required '17 payment. We didnt make that at the end of the 2016. It was offset by some favorability and cash taxes. So, from a free cash flow perspective that kind of washed out, but for '17, we would expect to make about a $50 million payment, normal payment that we would see for some of the foreign cash taxes foreign pensions.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question comes from the line of George Leon Staphos from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
George Staphos: Mitch and Anne, congratulations on the quarter and year. Certainly better than we would have expected in the quarter. One question I had, just to maybe piggyback on Anthony's question on order deductibility, would you expect supply chains to be disrupted, are your customers at all talking about maybe needing to move the needle so to speak, back towards the U.S.? And aside from following your customers, how would you contend with that?
Mitchell Butier: So, George, I'd say it's far too early to say what the impact would be. As I think about it, if you think of the shared numbers, it's a labor intensive industry, the shared number of people engaged in this industry globally. I'm not sure we have the labor force in the U.S. to be able to accommodate tax. So, I think that if you think about and then you consider couple of that with the fact of the lower wages outside the U.S. where these things are manufactured today even a tax hit, but still be relatively lower cost. I think the impact would be more on what it would do to end demand, if my assessment. Again given the implications of all of these things, it's essentially consumption tax is what it would mean in the end. I think this question whether it would even be adopted anything close to its current reform, but we're looking to be well positioned regardless of what the outcome is and work with our retailers and brands to customers to make sure that they are successful relative to whatever happens on the horizon.
George Staphos: Fair enough, Mitch. A related question on RFID growth continuing at 20%, can you provide a bit more color in terms of launches, new adoptions? I remember the comparison being also very, very challenging versus last year's quarter. Can you give us a bit of color on that, and what the comps are in the first half of '17 for RFID?
Mitchell Butier: Sure. So, just overall looking at the pipeline for the growth for the year and including within the quarter, you got a couple of customers that were already in active rollout, ramp-ups that will rollout and actually moving quicker than we expected them to and they were basically were hitting their more aspirational targets for rollout. And so we knew it was within the realm of possibility for Q4 specifically, but we werent banking on it. We make sure that we have the right capacity to ensure that we could fulfill the orders that they've come through and ended up coming through in hitting. In addition to that, there was a couple of key customers that went out or moved out of pilot and started that into the early adoption phase and that it is also as contributing to the growth within the year. And then there is a quite few, I'm talking that about major customers here, quite a few midsized and smaller retailers and brands that are also going through adoption right now. So that was what was the positive of the upside, looking forward 2017 or beyond, we continue to expect RFID to be at 20% plus growth business.
George Staphos: Mitch, not to get too pedantic, maybe, but do you expect 20% pretty linearly over the course of 2017, and can you remind us what the some of the comparisons look like first half? I remember first quarter being a tough one for RFID.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, we had a big surge in Q4 of '15 and Q1 of '16, and you've seen another surge within Q4. I think that message here George is that we've talked about it being relatively choppy in the past towards as far as when the exact timing of these programs will come whether it would somebody an active rollout accelerating the next phase the rollout or just new customer suddenly just want decide they want to move, takes the long time to make the decision. Once, they decide they want to move, they want to move quickly. So, except some choppiness quarter-to-quarter, the key thing I'd focus on is just the growth trajectory and focus on 20% on an annual basis going forward.
George Staphos: Understood. My last question and I'll turn it over. Can you give us some guidance on depreciation and amortization for this year, remembering that you have some roll off occurring in RBIS related to Paxar from years gone by, and what that adds to earnings if anything this coming year? Thank you.
Anne Bramman: So, the Paxar piece to it, the amortization is roughly $8 million this year and about $7 million in '18. You would get over the next two years of at a point of favorability in RBIS from that amortization.
George Staphos: 8, this year, 7 in 2018; correct Anne? 
Anne Bramman: Correct, yes.
Operator: And thank you sir. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan Securities. Please proceed.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Just one more question on border taxes. Do you import much raw materials that you turn into products? Or is your import intermediate products relatively low?
Mitchell Butier: Very low the import of our products. So, Jeff, we work with the retailers and brands principally in the mature regions of the Western Europe and the US. And spec our products and basically set pricing and so forth, and then our direct sales are to the apparel manufacturers that are distributed globally around the world. And so, we actually don't -- our sales are not in the U.S. even though the end markets are the U.S. or Western Europe.
Jeff Zekauskas: So in theory, your own tax rate from border taxes might be and reform might be more advanced, if this were to go through leaving aside what happens to your demand?
Mitchell Butier: Yes, given the current contract it's not impact to our tax rate. Overall, I think that the -- the border tax if you think of is what does it do to retailers and how they're thinking through the supply chains. We are working with them to make sure they can go through any transition that happens. I have my own questions on well that would and what reform. And then the broader tax adjustment that they're working through, I think you've highlighted this in one of your reports, we would expect would be a benefit to us and how they're talking about it from tax rate perspective.
Anne Bramman: But I just want to emphasize that as you know this is still very early stages with not a lot of concrete, we're seeing very close to this obviously. But anything we did, be interchanged or reduced our tax liability we would change our guidance accordingly.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, I think for this is baked into our guidance right now given the global uncertainty.
Jeff Zekauskas: Can you talk about price mix trends in the fourth quarter for your two main segments? Were the price mix up or down or did they stay the same?
Mitchell Butier: So, the net impact of price in raw material cost within the material segment was relatively neutral. As I mentioned, we're starting to see a little bit of on the sequential basis raw material input cost trends going up. We constantly work to within this level, use our material reengineering, innovation capabilities to be able to hope reduce the material content of our products to offset that, so net-net between all of them relatively neutral, between price raw material input and material reengineering productivity that we have. Within RBIS, so weve been -- as we talked through focused on maintaining our high degree of variable margins within that business, but reducing the direct material cost input cost in that business and getting more price competitive. So, we have prices down in this business, but Q4 was the quarter we have predicted where we cycle through and where we wouldnt on an net basis no longer have a hit from that perspective and thats out played out and thats stabilize that we expect we can see be stable going into 2017.
Jeff Zekauskas: Do you expect core RBIS volume to grow in 2017 that is exclusive of RFID? Or it's too early to tell?
Mitchell Butier: We expect it to grow.
Operator: Thank you for your question sir. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Michael Boink [ph] sitting in for Adam, thanks for taking my questions. Just a quick one for me. Can you just talk about what FX rates your guidance assumes this year?
Anne Bramman: Sure. So for the euro, were assuming around 1.045ish and the RMB was another piece to our currency basket is 0.1437.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Mr. Butier, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to you. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Mitchell Butier: Well, thank everybody for joining the call today. Just want to highlight again our consistent performance weve had over the last few years speaks the resilience of our market positions, the depth of talents in the Company and the strategic foundations weve laid. I really just want to thank our teams globally for their continued creativity and commitment in delivering phenomenal results. And I would just want to highlight that we are committed to continuing to deliver exceptional value for our customers, our employees and our shareholders. So, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation. And ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you once again. Have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Cynthia S. Guenther - Avery Dennison Corp. Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp. Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter ended October 1, 2016. This call is being recorded and it will be available for replay from 10 AM, Pacific Time, today through midnight, Pacific Time, October 29. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21782908. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Cynthia S. Guenther - Avery Dennison Corp.: Thank you, Dimitra. Today, we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited third quarter results. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use, are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A-4 to A-8 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Anne Bramman, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Thanks, Cindy. And good day, everyone. We had another quarter of strong earnings growth, with EPS above our expectations. We are improving our competitiveness with continued strong profitability across the PSM portfolio and making progress with our business model transformation in RBIS. As expected, organic sales growth in Pressure-sensitive Materials moderated in the third quarter to 3%, reflecting the program loss in the personal care segment of Performance Tapes that we've discussed previously. Excluding this program loss, sales grew 4.5% organically. Once again, emerging markets were the key growth driver for PSM, more than offsetting softness in the North American market. From a product perspective, the base label materials business remained healthy, with solid top line growth overall and margins expanding across most categories. Graphics and specialty label materials were up high-single digits for the quarter on a global basis. I am pleased with our progress in shifting PSM's portfolio mix towards these higher value categories. We expect continued benefit over the long term from our focus and investment in these areas. Speaking of which, the integration of our acquisition of the Mactac graphics and tapes business, which we completed in August, is going smoothly. We also completed a very small acquisition of Ink Mill during the quarter, which expands our capabilities in the high-value reflectives business. And earlier this month we made an equity investment in a U.K.-based startup called PragmatIC, leveraging our strengths in RFID to enable long-term growth of intelligent labels in new segments. All three of these recent deals exemplify the range of opportunities we have identified and continue to pursue within our M&A pipeline with a focus on high-value product lines and supporting technologies. Our commitment to investing here in terms of both M&A and higher capital spending is reinforced by the excellent progress we've made with the high-value segments through which we have delivered consistent organic growth, improved mix, and strong profitability and returns. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions. Sales were up a little over 2% organically, driven by Radio Frequency Identification. RFID sales were up over 35% in Q3 and are expected to exceed 30% for the full year. While the pace of growth will slow in the fourth quarter, reflecting the difficult comparison to prior year that we've discussed, we expect that RFID will continue to be a key growth driver for us. We are continuing to invest in this high-value product line, expanding capacity and improving our manufacturing processes as well as participating in promising new ventures like PragmatIC. Outside of RFID, top line growth was short of our target for the quarter amidst a difficult retail apparel market in the U.S., particularly among the department stores. That said, we saw solid volume gains across the base business, representing clear signs of success for our multiyear transformation strategy as we become faster, simpler and more competitive while driving margin expansion. Our strategy is the right one. Moving decision-making closer to our markets, reducing complexity as well as our cost structure and qualifying lower cost, locally sourced materials to support more competitive pricing. Our improvements in service, flexibility and speed are resonating with customers. In light of the soft top line though, these actions have not been enough to deliver the margin expansion we had targeted for the year. Now we will accelerate our efforts through 2017 to further improve our competitiveness and achieve our 2018 margin expansion target. So coming back to the total company view. Overall, we've made good progress against our strategic and financial objectives as evidenced by another solid quarter and the $0.10 increase to expected EPS for the year. We remain highly confident in our ability to consistently deliver exceptional value over the long run based on the execution of our key strategies. First and foremost, we will drive outside growth in high value segments. We will continue to invest disproportionately here, both organically and through bolt-on acquisitions. Over time this will improve our portfolio mix and bolster our leadership in these key segments. Second, we are relentless in our pursuit of productivity improvement to enhance our competitiveness across all product categories, and of course to drive margin expansion. And, third, we are maintaining our high degree of capital efficiency while increasing investments to support profitable growth. And, of course, we will continue our disciplined approach to returning cash to shareholders. Now I'll turn the call over to Anne.
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: Thanks, Mitch. Providing a little more color on the quarter. In Q3, we delivered a 16% increase in adjusted earnings per share on 3% organic sales growth. Currency translation reduced reported sales by 1.7% in the third quarter, which was offset by the lift from the Mactac acquisition. Adjusted operating margin in the third quarter improved 40 basis points to 9.8% as the benefit of productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset higher employee related expenses and the net impact of price and raw material input costs. We realized about $21 million of incremental savings from restructuring charges, net of transition cost. The adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 31%, reflecting a reduction to our estimate for the full year effective tax rate from 34% at the end of Q2 to 33% due to stronger income growth in lower-tax jurisdictions. Year-to-date, free cash flow was $248 million, an increase of $57 million compared to last year. During the first nine months of the year, we repurchased approximately 2.7 million shares and paid $106 million in dividends. Net of dilution, we reduced our share count by approximately 1 million shares for a net cost of $118 million, bringing the total amount of cash returned to shareholders so far this year to roughly $224 million. Our balance sheet remains strong, and we have ample capacity to continue funding acquisitions, as well as returning cash to shareholders in a disciplined manner. We funded the acquisition of Mactac Europe through euro-denominated commercial paper. We will explore a euro-denominated debt offering in the first half of next year to refinance notes that will be maturing later in 2017 as well as the Mactac acquisition. Our objective will be to take advantage of the low interest rates in Europe and the opportunity to hedge currency exposure on our balance sheet. Now looking at the segments. Pressure-sensitive Materials sales were up approximately 3% on an organic basis. Emerging markets continue to be strong contributors to growth for this segment, representing virtually all of the top-line growth in the third quarter. Excluding the impact of the program loss in Performance Tapes, emerging market sales were up over 10% organically, comparable to the pace we saw in the second quarter. This strength was fairly widespread across the countries that comprise emerging markets. Of particular note, the underlying growth trend in China picked up modestly compared to the second quarter. You may recall that sales in China were roughly flat in Q2 on an organic basis. Adjusting for holiday timing and the Tapes loss, we estimate the underlying organic sales growth for China was back to the low-single-digit rate we saw in the first quarter of this year and for 2015 as a whole. Turning to the mature markets, in North America, sales declined at a low-single digit rate on an organic basis. This reflects a soft market and the pass-through of savings from deflation, while Western Europe was up low-single digits. Demand in Western Europe has been consistently growing at solid low to mid-single digit rates and on occasion even higher. Factoring in Eastern Europe, the overall European market has been a strong source of growth for us, and we expect that strength to continue. We're investing to keep pace with the growth in this region, recently announcing a $65 million investment over the next year and a half to expand both the capabilities and capacity of our flagship operation in Luxembourg. From a product line perspective, Label and Packaging Materials sales were up mid-single digits organically, while sales for the combined Graphics and Performance Tapes product lines were down low-single digits, reflecting the expected program loss for Tapes. Excluding the program loss, combined sales for Graphics and Performance Tapes were up mid-single digits on an organic basis. Pressure-sensitive Materials adjusted operating margin of 12.6% was up 50 basis points over last year, as the benefits from productivity and higher volume more than offset the net impact of price and raw material input costs as well as unfavorable mix. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions, RBIS sales grew 2% on an organic basis driven by growth of RFID. Sales outside of RFID continued to be soft, down low-single digits, reflecting modest growth in volume which was more than offset by the impact of strategic pricing actions that we began taking late last year. As you know, we began adjusting our prices in late 2015 to become more competitive. So the sales growth comparisons for the base business become modestly easier in the fourth quarter. As Mitch said, we do believe that the transformation of our business model becoming more cost and price competitive while providing better, faster service is driving volume growth, albeit in a challenging retail apparel environment that makes it tough to see the impact of these wins in our financial results. From a regional perspective, we saw strong mid-single digit unit volume growth for core label products among European retailers and brand owners, due in part to continue progress in expanding our share among the fast fashion players. Unit volumes for core products were flat in the U.S., an improvement over the mid-single digit decline we saw last quarter. This market is especially challenged as demonstrated by macro indicators. In particular, apparel imports into the U.S. were down on average by about 3% for the most recent three months reported. And since the fourth quarter of last year, the inventory to sales ratio for U.S. apparel has been at pre-recession levels. Adjusted operating margin for the segment improved by 20 basis points as the net savings from the business model transformations were largely offset by higher employee related costs. We have not changed our long-term margin expansion objectives for this business and expect to achieve the goal we set for 2018. As expected, sales for Vancive Medical Technologies were down 20% on organic basis in the quarter, reflecting the combined effect of share losses and customer inventory rejection. We were able to partially offset the impact of the sales loss through cost reduction actions. Going forward, the steps we began taking mid-last year should enable consistent growth and significant margin expansion over the long term. Now, turning to our outlook for the rest of the year. We have raised the midpoint of the range of our guidance for full year adjusted earnings per share by $0.10 to $3.95 to $4. This reflects the better-than-expected operating results that we delivered in the third quarter including the lower expected tax rate. We outlined some of the key contributing factors to our EPS guidance on slide 8 of our supplemental presentation material. Highlighting the changes from our previous expectations, we have reduced the high end of our organic growth outlook and now expect full-year sales to grow between 3% and 3.5% on an organic basis. We now expect more than $75 million from restructuring savings net of transition costs for the year. And as discussed previously, we now expect an effective tax rate of approximately 33%. So just wrapping up, we're very pleased with the strategic and financial progress made against our 2018 goals this past quarter. We're confident we can continue to deliver exceptional value over the long term through superior execution of our strategies, including the disciplined allocation of capital. Now we'll open the call up for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Company. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey, guys. Good morning.
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: Good morning.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good morning, Mitch and Anne and Cindy. First off, did you see any measurable change in core sales growth for PSM in any particular month during 3Q? There have been some companies and different industries have commented on the slowdown in Europe during the quarter, wondering if you saw any deviation in the quarter?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Well, so we do normally see some variation month-to-month. We did see a little bit of a slide during Q3 over in Europe. Having said that, we're seeing a little bit of an uptick in early October as well within Europe as well as North America. So I don't read too much into individual month trends too closely, because it's not unusual for us to see four weeks of strong performance followed by a softening or vice versa.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And then, what exactly, Mitch, is, do you think, driving the weakness in North American PSM? Is it just sort of inventory reductions? What do you think is going on by channel there?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: It's hard to say. We think there's been a softening in the end consumption of the market in Q3 but we don't have that data right now. But we also did cede some share earlier in the year within that business as we were driving more discipline on the lower value, less differentiated segments. But, yeah, in the quarter we think it basically softened a bit. We don't have clear reasons why. At LabelExpo the sentiment from North American converters was overall, I'd say, most of them were very confident in their individual businesses, cautious about the market overall, but also talked about how they themselves have less visibility to their own order volumes than they traditionally have had as well. So it's hard to give you a read on exactly what's going on in the North American business, clearly some of the decline was from graphics, if you will, within that region specifically. But it's hard to give you a clear read here. As I said, first few weeks of October we're starting to see an uptick.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And just one final one for me. You also called out higher raw material cost for 3Q. Can you first off expand on that? And then also how are you kind of positioning the company for what could be an increase in inflation as we head into 2017 coming off a period of a few quarters anyway of deflation? Thanks so much.
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. Ghansham so what we really said was that we saw an impact to our margin price net of raw material input costs. And so relatively speaking, we don't give specific color on pricing inflation, but as we've been pretty consistent in saying that we broadly have given some price reductions since then, that's where we have relatively higher variable margins and where we may have seen some deflation. And we basically have been passing it along to customers in some targeted areas and in my script I specifically called out that we have seen that impact in North America.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Louis Gaffner with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Hi, Scott.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Mitch, just wanted to go back to RBIS for a second. You mentioned the North American apparel retailers and some of the import data. Are there any categories in particular within that channel that you are seeing, any weakness in and than what about European retailers, if you could give some color there as well?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. So the categories within the U.S. department stores in particular are seeing softness and we're seeing that as well with our key customers in that space. But generally I think it's relatively broad-based in the data that Anne shared is across the entire retail apparel sector, if you will. So inventory levels returned back this year to their pre-recession high. If you recall, for a few years after the recession they were quite a bit lower, those have bulked up. A good portion of that relates to the fact it was a very warm winter last year and just there was not as much sell-throughs, they have been holding on to the inventory. So I know the goal is for retailers to flush some of that inventory out of the system through this holiday season. And then for Europe, it depends I'd say overall softness in the U.K. Clearly the U.K. retailers with Brexit going on, I think, are struggling a bit and so that's one place we see softness. But in Germany pretty solid, other markets we are seeing relatively solid performance at the end retail level.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And any  you said RFID up 30% in the quarter, with some of the weakness in apparel are there any change in the conversation with your customers around adoption rates on RFID?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yes, it was up 35% in the quarter and we expect to be 30% for the full year and we're expecting the growth to moderate a bit going into  quite a bit in going into Q4. The conversation is very similar. Working through in each retailer or brand, need to go through an assessment of the business case and then piloting and then you get a partial adoption and then full adoption. So, no real change in the conversations. There has been in the last quarter since we talked about where the pipeline is, we have had one tier 1 move from pilot into early adoption and then a couple of very small specialty retailers move either from business case to pilot or pilot to adoption. So, conversation is pretty much the same. Seeing a little bit of a migration through the pipeline as well.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Last one for me just around the share repurchases. I mean, obviously you don't make a decision based on one day's move, but the stock is down fairly dramatically today and I would think your internal model would be screening well for share buyback here. How do you think about share buyback into the end of the year?
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: So as you talk about, we don't really comment on timing and pace of share buyback and we have been really consistent in how we look at this, but we look  we do have an intrinsic value model and as we see the gap, if we see a gap widening, we will be much more aggressive in buying back stock. And again as we see the gap  less of a gap, then we don't buy back as much stock at that point. So we are a bit opportunistic in how we look at our share buyback programs as well.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. So Scott, we don't comment, but you can probably infer from our past behavior how we would behave in such an environment.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Understood. I appreciate all the color.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Leon Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks operator. Hi everyone, good morning. Thanks for all the details. Cindy, congratulations to you as well and good luck with the retirement. We'll miss working with you. I guess the first question I had, recognizing the answer is probably both, when we look at the slight reduction in the core growth rate you are expecting, Mitch, is it more centered in RBIS given the weakness in retail or is it in the somewhat difficult to pin down but nonetheless apparent reduction in consumption in Pressure-sensitive Materials in the  I think the U.S. is what you said. Which one of those is a bigger driver of this modest trim there?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: So, George, are you asking about Q3 or Q4 because you can kind of triangulate on what that takes?
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I was meaning it really more for the full year outlook but answered however you feel is most illustrative.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah, so overall, I mean RBIS you can see where the growth rate is, little over 2% and so we expect roughly a continuation of that. Obviously it can be a little lower, a little higher depending on how things pan out. And a couple key contributing factors, we have harder RFID comps, if you will. We have a couple of things that ease up on the comps front in that business. So that's what we're thinking within RBIS, as the continuation. And within Pressure-sensitive, the Q3, the revenue was lower than we were thinking that business would come in at and it was specifically around North America. And so it's really a question about, is the early trends we see in October continue, positive trends that we're seeing, or does it revert back to a lower level.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Is October more or less in line with what you would have expected otherwise? And obviously it's up, but is it up where you would have liked it to have been?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: It is consistent with our guidance range that we've provided. One thing, it's very hard to read Asia, North Asia in particular, because of the calendar shift of the Golden Week. So basically their harvest festival, if you will. So that distorted things. So anything for RBIS because so much is sourced out of North Asia as well as North Asia for Materials Group is not a good read. North America rebounded like we said and Europe has rebounded a little bit from a softening late Q3 as well.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you for that. Now one other question I had, if I look at the guidance increase, I know it's roughly $0.10. The tax effect in the third quarter was probably a couple of pennies. The FX negative is about a couple pennies more favorable. Is there a way to split the remaining difference between restructuring, what you said is in excess of $75 million but you didn't necessarily say how much, and any other factors that are benefiting you?
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yes, really the biggest piece of the gap that you're talking about is from the beat we have with PSM this quarter. So even though the restructuring we gave guidance, it's just slightly more than $75 million. It could be a couple of million more. We just wanted to give a little bit of flavor on that. But it's really the operational beat we had this quarter.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks for that, Anne. My last one and then I'll turn it over and try to come back. Back to RBIS, we've asked similar questions I guess in the past around the business and your need to restructure. Recognizing it's a challenging business, and it's competitive, at the same time you're continuing to restructure and you're trying to stay ahead of kind of the pace of competition and the other challenges in that market. At this juncture, given what you know, what two or three things make you confident that you can continue to retool that business, stay ahead of competition and ultimately hit your margin targets for RBIS by 2018?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yes, so I think overall what makes us confident around that is the adjustments that we made  started making last year that we talked through, and it was the beginning of what we said would be a multiyear transformation. We made quite a few adjustments, and a lot of that was around moving more decision-making into the regions and closer to the customer, having a more segmented approach, different customers, if it's a performance athletic  high-end performance athletic brand relative to a discounted retailer, they have different needs, so we've adopted a more segmented approach. And, as part of that, in some segments that meant adjusting our cost structure to, one, expand margin but, two, also to get more price competitive. Remember that the variable margin in this business, even in what we call the less differentiated, are relatively high. And so being able to drive consistent growth is a key requirement within this business as well. So what are the signs of success? It's basically we're getting volume gains, we've stopped the share slide that we had for a couple of years going into mid last year, and we're seeing volume gains even though the market is down. And we've basically proven the model ourselves internally, so now it's a matter of pushing forward to accelerate. And as far as just to get to the margin targets that we've laid out for 2018, if you recall when we laid those out, we identified there is a lot of amortization expense going away late in the cycle. So we've got to have basically a full point of expansion just from that. That's not new. We talked about that when we first laid out the targets. So that gives you a full point and then from there, from where we expect to be this year, you need less than a point of margin expansion over the two years to get to the low-end, and less than 2 points to get to the high end.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks, Mitch. I'll turn it over.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Thank you, George.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Mitch and Anne, I hope you are well. Forgive me I joined a bit late, so forgive me if I am repeating anything. But it sounds like you reduced  you slightly reduced your organic sales growth guidance on account of some weakness in North America in PSM. Am I on the mark so far?
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yes. When we looked at our guidance, yes, we came in a little bit softer on the North America for PSM. And I think if you look at the full year guidance, the reality is we're going to be around the midpoint. If you look at the two ranges, you'd have to assume a pretty significant change in the run rate in Q4 for the businesses, and on the downside piece to it you would have to assume a reversal in trend for all the businesses as well. So the likelihood is we are going to be around the midpoint.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then  thanks, Anne. And you raised your guidance partly on tax and I think you said partly on better PSM. Is that right?
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: Correct. And I will clarify on the tax, that's really a contributor from PSM as well. We saw a very favorable geo mix of where the income was coming from lower tax jurisdictions. So I really consider that kind of operational beat as well.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So you have lower sales expectations for PSM broadly, but you have higher profit expectations for PSM for the year presumably on margins, right?
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: Correct.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And that's why the margin upside given the sales  given that sales were a bit light?
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: So again a similar story than what we've had  that we've had the last couple of quarters is productivity continues to be a very strong performer for this division and in this quarter, we continue to deliver on the productivity front. So really the beat we had that we're showing for the full year guidance came from this quarter.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And just in terms your implied 4Q guidance that's the midpoint around $0.95 compared to last year's $0.85, last year you had a little tax rate. So can you just help us understand what the primary drivers of that year-over-year growth are?
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: So for our guidance for the margin we would assume the normal seasonal margin, sequential margin pieces from Q3 to Q4 for PSM and we are in traditionally the RBIS business does have a higher margin sequentially from Q3 to Q4 that we also have baked in. So you look at our guidance range, really the biggest component of it is where will the margins deliver for RBIS.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Anne. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. With the investment in Luxembourg, is it possible to say when the capacity becomes available or when it ramps and then how much of that $65 million investment shows up in 2016 CapEx versus 2017 and kind of any early view on 2017 CapEx?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. So just specifically with that investment, it's coming online essentially for the year 2018 is when it will be up and running. So that's our expectation. And if you look at the investment that we're making, we've consistently talked about pretty robust growth within Europe, both Western Europe but also the combination of Western Europe and Eastern Europe. So this is a business that actually we haven't added a new coder in for labels for quite a number of years. And so this is to fund the growth that we're seeing within that business right now and we expect we'll continue to be investing in that region because we see quite a bit of opportunity for continued growth there. As far as the CapEx timing, Anne do you want to comment?
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. So generally the bulk of the CapEx timing will take place in 2017 and the spending that we have this year is within the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year of roughly $200 million for CapEx. And again, when we laid out our 2018 target we said that on average we would spend about $200 million in CapEx over the years. We're a little behind in the first couple of years of that guidance range, so I would expect to see us still average around the $200 million. It's just going to be a little more back weighted overall for the company.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Okay. That's very helpful. And then in RBIS, I think the last quarter you indicated you were impacted by store closures and athletic goods. I'm wondering given what we've been reading in a very challenging retail environment, our store closures, are they still a headwind in 3Q? And does that may be a drag through the end of the year or any kind of color you can give there?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: There's always some consolidation in store closures and what you see is what we see. Specifically what we commented on before was the fact that there was some bankruptcies of some athletic store, athletic chains. So, that affected performance athletics to recall at declined last quarter, which was exceptional because usually we see very consistent growth. So that category for us returned to growth in this past  in Q3.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And maybe just one last one. It's kind of a follow-up to George's question on RBIS. In your remarks you referenced accelerating the RBIS margin improvement program and I was wondering if can you give a little color on the levers you can pull there from here on out. Do you need to get more aggressive on the price adjustments or are there additional costs that you can take out or would you get more aggressive along M&A or just how should we think about the levers you can pull to accelerate the RBIS margin improvement?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah. I think it's just a basically a continued execution of what we've been doing but really taking the next step and accelerating what we've been doing. This is about winning in the marketplace and I'll tell you from what we're seeing and what we are hearing from customers. The changes we made are resonating, that gives us confidence. We are seeing the numbers behind that of volume gains in a period of declining market conditions, so that gives us confidence. And we just see opportunities to run this business more efficiently as well. So there's quite a few levers within a business of that size and don't want to go through each of the individual details but we feel not pleased with where the performance is but confident with the prospects of this business and what we are going to deliver.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks. I will turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I was wondering if you could give us a feel for the growth rate in the athletic chains following the softness in the previous quarter. What is a normal rate that you were expecting and are you there in the third quarter?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: So this can have a little bit of volatility too, but it's consistently grown above the average for the overall segment and pretty  relatively consistently mid-single digits to higher, so and that's where was within Q3.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thank you. And could you give us some detail as to the inventory increase versus last year inventory is up 10% versus revenues up 2.7% or is this Mactac or is something else going on?
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: So Rosemarie, there a couple of components to it. Yes, this is the first quarter that we have got Mactac in our balance sheet, so that will distort some of your ratios a little bit. But in general, a couple of quarters ago we talked about the fact that we were making some investments in certain select areas and inventory primarily in RFID with RBIS. And so while we have continued to make progress, and we have seen the inventory reductions come down as we played out the year, we still have an investment in that in order to carry us through the end of this year into next year.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: So this is making sure you have the proper inventory in anticipation of the changes you are making?
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: It's the pipeline of RFID customers that we've got to make sure that we are meeting their demands.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thank you. And if may I ask one last one, your ratio price, selling price versus cost, was negative as raw material costs seem to be rising, are you expecting that ratio to worsen in the few quarters until you manage to get price up in line with raw material cost?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: So, raw material cost, the environment we're seeing is relatively stable. You see some commodities like oil have been on an upswing, but as far as what we're experiencing they've been relatively stable. And as far as the net impact of price and raw material cost, Anne talked about what the headwind was in the quarter, and over the long run we've been pretty consistent in saying that some of the modest gains we've had in each quarter over the past couple of years basically, over the long run those eventually adjust for themselves, if you will, or correct. So, what we're seeing on the pricing, net pricing front is what we expected, the outperformance in PSM was largely around continued productivity, and our objective here is to consistently grow this business, leveraging our innovation capabilities, which includes finding ways to reduce the material content of our products so that we can be competitive in the marketplace and grow the market while driving returns and margins in this business.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. And one very quick one, if I may. When are you  when are we anniversarying the program loss in Performance Tape?
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: So, we had a bit of  a small piece of that in the first half of the year, but I would expect to see headwinds in the second half as the program loss really  we really start filling that in Q3.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: It's basically mid next year is the rough rule of thumb you should use, Rosemarie.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey John Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, thanks very much. I guess I'd like to go back to raw materials. I understand that your raw material costs were pretty benign, but propylene costs are up $0.10 pound since April. And so that's going to move up acrylic prices in the fourth and in the first quarter. So, is your attitude that you're going to wait and see, as the raw material costs move up, if they do move up before you take pricing action, or are you going to try to be more aggressive? What's your stance as some of the petrochemical values move up?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yeah, so we saw a little bit of modest inflation that we talked about last quarter, but we've seen relative stability, and individual components, Jeff, move in different directions. But on balance is where we're seeing things fairly muted, if you will. So that's what we're referring to, not any individual components, you're absolutely right, what you're seeing is what we're seeing for that component. But what we do is when there is inflation, and so if we were to  if start to seeing inflation, we go through and we will announce price increases on which products or which region it's affecting. And a good example of that is last year we were still in a relatively deflationary environment. We raised prices within film and categories within Europe. So went out and announced it and pushed it through. So you've really got to think through about  with the commodities we're seeing, it's different in U.S. dollars or if you are in euros, and so we basically make adjustments and we will put price increases where we see inflation.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. You made a couple of small acquisitions. What did you pay for them and what did you get? That is what was the revenues or the EBITDA and what were the cost of your two small acquisitions?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yes, we don't  I mean, they're very small and so we don't want to disclose all the details about them, but I can tell you the incremental acquisition just has a few million dollars of revenue; so very small. It's a business that's really investing in our high-value reflectives business but it's also a capability we think we can leverage elsewhere within the portfolio as well. They make UV and UV LED curable inks and it's part of our TrafficJet solution within that business. And then on Pragmatic, so that was an investment you haven't  was earlier in October, so it's not in the results right now.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sure.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: That's a minority investment. There was 18 million funding round that Pragmatic went through. We were less than half of that, I will say.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Why is Europe PSM growing faster than the U.S.? Or are there particular markets in Europe that are healthier or more robust and are there particular PSM markets in the U.S. that are a little lackluster?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: So, Europe broadly speaking gets the benefit of Eastern Europe emerging markets, and Eastern Europe this quarter is what really was a key driver for them. But actually pretty consistently for the past years even Western Europe we've talked about growth being higher than the U.S. And there's a number of factors behind that. We can't point to any one. One of them is regulatory requirements around larger label sizes and so forth. So there's not one thing I can point to, that's one example. But to be honest, it's the differential between the U.S. and Western Europe has pretty much consistently been a little bit bigger than we would have even expected. I'm talking about market level not just our performance.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And in the weakness in the U.S., was it confined to a particular market or it's too hard to tell?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Not a particular market, no. It's relatively broad-based.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. I think that's it from me. Thank you so much.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: You're welcome.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of George Leon Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Hi, guys. I want to come back to RFID and RBIS a little bit. So recognizing you're not giving guidance here for 2017, do you think, Mitch, over the next couple of years  let's frame it that way, that the outlook for adoption is as good as what we've seen, you know, say over the trailing 12 months? I recognize it's retailer by retailer, et cetera, and it can come in fairly large chunks, but if you had a frame is it as good, better, somewhat worse, how would you have us consider it over the next couple of years?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: I would say it's as good and getting better.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: So, we basically a year or so ago we were talking about getting into an inflection point starting to see some customers adopt. We've seen that. But it's really hard to call when that will happen to the point you raise. I mean, next year we expect this business to be double-digit growth. It could be just over 10% or could be 30%. So timing specifically is hard to tell but over the long run we definitely, you know, we've talked about this business being at 20% growth business and that's what we continue to expect.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Mitch, are the returns getting better to the retailer from adoption that's why the growth has been so strong or are there other reasons why you'd see adoption? I would imagine have to be the former but, again, just want to get your thoughts on that.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: I think it's just more  it's retailer by retailer and brand by brand, them going through the process. It's a pretty big shift and how they do things, how they think about running their supply chains. So the returns have been strong, very strong last few years for adoption. It's just each business, each customer needs to go through that assessment and evaluation. And the reason pilots can take so long and the early adoption phase can take a while is just purely because of the change and adjustments they need to make.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Back to the margin question from earlier and  again we have talked about this before and I was aware that you have the drop off in DNA, the roll-off from Paxar there. So if I look at the low end of your range, I guess I would drill down and say what makes you comfortable about getting that incremental 100 basis points or so? When I look at 2016, obviously a lot of restructuring benefit to your credit, but yet the margins are, at least in this quarter, kind of flat versus the year ago. So is it just further restructuring that drives the majority of that 100 basis points? Is it more in your view the RFID element which you're quite obviously positive on? What gives you confidence in at least capturing that last 100 basis points above and beyond the DNA component?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: It's really a balance between driving the growth strategy as well as driving further productivity. And if you look at the business, we've consistently delivered over half-point a year of margin expansion regardless of what's going on in the top line. And if you look over the last few years, we've grown this business 2.5%. So our objective here is, ensure we can get those margin targets even in a lower growth scenario than the 4% to 5% we had targeted. We will get there even in this lower growth environment, and ensuring there is upside as we develop and push through our growth strategies so that when we start achieving that 4% to 5% growth, which is still our goal, you will then have further uplift from there.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Appreciate that. And then I guess my last question and I will turn it over, actually two part, two questions, I apologize. The Pressure-sensitive mix, what was negative in the quarter? I remember reading in the release, but I don't know what your comments were here on the call. And then the extra sales week in the fourth quarter from last year, I seem to remember that not really having much of an effect in earnings, but I just wanted to verify that. Thanks guys and good luck in the quarter.
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: Thanks. So the mix was primarily in two different areas. First was customer application that we had discussed in the personal care space for Tapes.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right.
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: So that was the Pressure-sensitive mix. And then the second piece was North America. Primarily in the high-value segments we've been talking about in North America volumes as well. So those were the two pieces of the mix. It was geo mix as well as customer Tapes. As far as the 53rd week, that was really...
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And just on that, I saw emerging markets tended to be a higher-margin for you, so why would North America being a little bit weak be negative for mix?
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Yes, so as far as on the geo mix comment, George, our margins we've said are higher where we have higher relative market share and North America we have relatively high relative market share.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you for that. Sorry about that Anne, go ahead.
Anne L. Bramman - Avery Dennison Corp.: On the 53rd week, that was really 2014, 2015 impact, so you really wouldn't see anything for 2016.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, I was just reflecting on the comparison, but that's fine. Okay. Thank you, guys.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Mr. Butier, I will now turn the call back to you. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Mitchell R. Butier - Avery Dennison Corp.: Okay. Thank you. Well, thanks everybody for joining the call. Again, I'm pleased with the progress we're making against both our strategic and financial objectives and we remain committed to achieving our long-term targets for value creation. I want to thank the entire team within Avery Dennison for their hard work and commitment to our success. So thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Cynthia S. Guenther - Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter Ended July 2, 2016. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 10 AM Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, July 30. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21782907. During the presentation, all participants will be in listen-only mode. Afterwards, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Cynthia S. Guenther - Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations: Thank you, Dimitra. Today, we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited second quarter results, the non-GAAP financial measures that we use, are defined, qualified, and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A-4 to A-8 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Mitch Butier, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Anne Bramman, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Cindy, and good day, everyone. I'm happy to report another quarter with strong growth in earnings and free cash flow. We beat our expectations for Q2 adjusted EPS by about a $0.05 driven by another exceptional quarter in PSM. We continue to drive above average growth in high-value product segment and improve our competitiveness and profitability across the entire portfolio. And we're making good progress with our business model transformation in RBIS. So starting with Pressure-sensitive Materials. As you know, our goal in PSM has been to create value by organically growing the top-line of this high-return business at 4% to 5%, while expanding operating margin. And I'm pleased to say that the team continues to deliver on both fronts. In the second quarter, we grew PSM sales by nearly 5% on an organic basis and expanded adjusted operating margins to a new high of 13.5%. Once again, the emerging markets were a key growth driver, up 10% in the quarter. From a product perspective, high-value Graphics and specialty Labels materials continue to grow at rates well above the segment average, while sales declined for Performance Tapes due largely to the loss of a specific customer application as we've discussed before. Overall, I'm very pleased with the progress in shifting PSM's portfolio mix towards these higher-value categories. We expect continued benefit over the long-term from our focus and investment in these areas, including acquisitions, exemplified by the Mactac deal that we announced in April. As for the base business within PSM, what we've often referred to as less differentiated products, we continue to deliver in the second quarter with solid top-line growth overall and margins expanding across the board. Speaking of which, overall profitability for PSM exceeded our expectations, reflecting leverage on strong volume growth, continued discipline with respect to pricing in the base business, and, of course, exceptional execution on the productivity front. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions. Sales were up a little over 2% organically, driven by Radio Frequency Identification. I'm happy to report that RFID sales were up nearly 50% in Q2. The case for RFID is clear and we remain the go-to-supplier in the market. So, we expect this to continue to be a key growth driver for us going forward. Outside of RFID, top line growth was short of our target for the quarter amidst the challenging apparel market, in particular, continued challenges experienced by the department stores and inventory reductions associated with athletic goods store closures. That said, we are seeing signs of success from our multi-year transformation strategy, becoming faster, simpler, and more competitive, while driving margin expansion. Specifically, we saw solid volume gains in both the value and fast fashion segments of the market during Q2, and unit volume for the department stores were relatively stable, an improvement over recent trends. We are also on track to deliver planned restructuring savings from the transformation. With these actions we're taking to improve our competitiveness in the base business along with the lift from RFID, even in a relatively modest apparel retail market, I am confident we will achieve our 2018 margin target for RBIS. Now looking at Vancive Medical Technologies. While this business reported solid margin expansion in the quarter, we're not yet performing at the level we expect. We began taking actions mid-last year that are beginning to refill our product pipeline and have recently reestablished the organizational link between our Vancive and Performance Tapes business. Long-term, these actions, combined with strong growth from our new product platform, should enable us to deliver consistent organic growth and double-digit margins in this business. So, coming back to the total company view. In terms of our outlook for 2016, we have raised our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.05, reflecting the strong results we delivered in the second quarter. Even more important, we remain highly confident in our ability to consistently deliver exceptional value over the long run, based on the execution of our key strategies. First and foremost, being our focus on driving outsized growth in high-value segments, we will continue to invest disproportionately here, both organically and through bolt-on acquisitions. Over time, this will improve our portfolio mix and bolster our leadership in these key segments. Second, we are relentless in our pursuit of productivity improvement to enhance our competitiveness across all product categories and, of course, drive margin expansion. And third, we are maintaining our high degree of capital efficiency, while increasing investments to support profitable growth. And, of course, we will continue our disciplined approach to returning cash to shareholders. Now, I'll turn the call over to Anne.
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Mitch. I'll be providing a little more color on the quarter. In Q2, we delivered a 20% increase in adjusted earnings per share on 4% organic sales growth. Currency translation reduced reported sales by 1.7% in the second quarter with an approximately $0.03 impact to EPS. Adjusted operating margin in the second quarter improved 120 basis points to 10.7%, as the benefit of productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset the net impact of price and raw material input costs and higher employee-related expenses. We realized about $21 million of incremental savings from restructuring charges, net of transition costs. The adjusted tax rate was 34%, consistent with the anticipated full-year tax rate in the low- to mid-30% range. Year-to-date, free cash flow was $152 million, an increase of $38 million compared to last year, reflecting the increase in earnings and timing of tax payments. During the first half of the year, we repurchased approximately 2.4 million shares, and paid $70 million in dividends. Net of dilution, we reduced our share count by 1.2 million, for a net cost of $119 million, bringing the total amount of cash returned to shareholders so far this year to roughly $190 million. Our balance sheet remains strong, and we have ample capacity to fund acquisitions as well as to continue returning cash to shareholders in a disciplined manner. Now, looking at the segment. Pressure-sensitive Materials sales were up approximately 5% on an organic basis. Emerging markets continued to be strong contributor to growth for this segment. With organic growth of 10%, emerging markets represented a majority of this segment's top-line growth in Q2, in line with the preceding quarter, and our long-term expectations. A key exception to the strong growth trend has been China, where sales were roughly flat in the quarter on an organic basis. In North America, sales declined modestly on an organic basis, while Western Europe remains solid, up mid-single-digits. As noted previously, we continue to see strong growth in many of PSM's high-value segments. Within Label and Packaging Materials, specialty film and papers products were up 10% on an organic basis. And Graphics grew high-single-digits. In contrast, sales of Performance Tapes were down mid-single-digits on an organic basis for the reasons we've discussed. PSM's adjusted operating margin of 13.5% was up 120 basis points over last year, as the benefits from productivity and higher volume more than offset higher employee-related costs and a net impact of price and raw material input costs. By the way, that net gap between deflation and pricing was a modest negative for the quarter. We wanted to highlight it given the change in direction from preceding quarters. Once again, the team delivered the majority of this quarter's margin improvement through ongoing productivity efforts, including product reengineering and restructuring. Now, shifting to Retail Branding and Information Solutions. RBIS sales grew 2% on an organic basis, driven by growth of Radio Frequency Identification products, which were up nearly 50% in the quarter. We now anticipate full-year sales for these products to be up more than 30% in 2016, recognizing that the comps get significantly more challenging in the second half. Adjusting for the impact of RFID, organic growth for core labels and tags was down low-single-digits, reflecting modest growth in volume, which was more than offset by the impact of strategic pricing actions that we began to take late last year. As you know, we began lowering our prices in some categories late in 2015 to become more competitive, so the sales growth comparisons become easier in the fourth quarter. From a regional perspective, we saw strong unit volume growth for core European retailers and brand owners. This reflects excellent progress in expanding our share among the fast fashion players. In contrast, unit volumes declined in the U.S., where we have a relatively high share position among department stores. Notwithstanding the modest volume growth in pricing adjustments we've made, adjusted operating margin for this segment improved by 30 basis points, reflecting the benefit of the restructuring and other cost reduction actions we've taken to transform our business model. We remain on track to achieve our margin target for this business by 2018. Turning now to our outlook for the balance of the year. We have raised the range of our guidance for adjusted earnings per share by $0.05 to $3.80 to $3.95. We outlined some of the key contributing factors to our EPS guidance on slide eight of our supplemental presentation materials. Highlighting the changes from our previous guidance, we now expect the currency translation will reduce net sales by approximately 2.5% and pre-tax earnings by roughly $18 million, or an estimated $0.13 per share, $0.02 worse than our April guidance. We have reduced the high end of our organic growth outlook and now expect full year sales to grow between 3% and 4% on an organic basis. We anticipate that the Mactac deal will close in August, resulting in roughly a point of incremental sales, with an immaterial impact to EPS this year, reflecting various transition costs. We have reduced our estimate for severance and other restructuring-related costs included in reported EPS by approximately $0.05. So just wrapping up, we're very pleased with the strategic and financial progress we made against our 2018 goals this past quarter. I'm confident we will continue to deliver exceptional value over the long term through superior execution of our strategies, including the disciplined allocation of capital. And now, we'll open the call up for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Co. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey, guys. Good morning.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Good morning, Ghansham.
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): First off, on the PSM emerging market growth of 10%-plus. I know you called out China as being flat across the emerging markets, but what about some of the other regions on the emerging markets side, Brazil, Southeast Asia, et cetera, and then what was North America up during the quarter?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, so just talking about the emerging markets, so China was relatively flat, as Anne commented on. Everything else up, pretty exceptional growth. If you look at Southeast Asia, that was very healthy double-digits as was India and Eastern Europe returned to good growth trajectory as well. Some of that we think is a little bit of pipeline fill within the quarter, but even if you back that out, returned to a healthy growth level. And, Latin America, we continue to see solid growth. A lot of that comes from pricing, as you know, but even on the volume front, we saw it return to growth, particularly in Brazil. Now, some of that has to do with the elections that come up that always have a benefit for us and not sure what the impact is specifically from the Olympics, but we assume that it had some positive lift as well. So, pretty broad-based on the emerging market exposure and you're seeing a little bit of shift. If you look at the last number of years, China was a lead driver of the emerging market growth and we're starting to see that our strategy of being a leader in all markets is paying off with China starts to slow down, the rest of the emerging markets is carrying the load, and then North America, which is down modestly.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Okay. Thanks for clarifying that. And then just generally on the RBIS outlook. I mean, obviously, apparel has been mixed in North America for a while now. I know you have some company-specific initiatives to gain share in the market, but are there any adjacent markets that you see opportunities and to sort of diversify away from retail apparel to some extent over time?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: I think there is two specific items, one is if you think about RFID, RFID is really an intelligent label and we are looking at how do we  the first place to adopt was within the apparel market and we were vertically integrated there, so we're looking at how we leverage our manufacturing prowess as a company at large and specifically the knowledge within RBIS and RFID to leverage that more broadly, which is something we think will be a key growth driver for us in the long-term. The other one, which doesn't reduce the exposure to apparel, but does create a growth driver for us, is the external embellishment. So, the heat transfer labels. This business, if you look 10 years ago, it was only about the heat transfer labels on the interior of the garment. We are going to the exterior garment where it's actually part of the branding that is displayed whether it'd be for brands or sports teams and so forth and that will continue to be a key growth driver for us as well.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And just one final question maybe for Anne on Mactac. Any other modeling parameters that you can share with us for 2016, assuming the model  the August close, I think you call out 1% sales contribution, but what about EBITDA? Thanks so much.
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So just consistent with what we said, the 1% for the full year impact and then EPS is, there is really no impact, given all the transition costs associated with, for the back half of the year.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. And one question on  and one on margins, obviously PSM margins in the first half of 13.2% were well above your long-term target, the corporate margin of 10.2% in the first half was also above the high-end of your 2018 target. To the extent your margins are expanding on account of productivity efforts and volume growth, why would that not be sustainable, and what do you think sustainable margins are at this point and why?
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Thanks. So as we talked about, we are really pleased with where we are, and we're achieving new highs in this business. We talked about margin in Q1, we were seeing new highs then as well, and we were  we never want to cap this business. And so, we're cautious, but we never want to cap this business. We talked about was  in Q1, with my comments related relative to the average for the year. And so when you think about the second half of the year, we've talked about a couple of headwinds that we've got. First of all, the loss of a customer in the Performance Tapes business, which has impacted about a point for the full year, but really back half weighted. And the second thing is just normal seasonality of this business as well. And so, if you think about second half, it generally doesn't have the same profitability ratio that you would have with the first half of the business that you would see.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, so overall...
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Do you still think, Anne  I'm sorry, go ahead.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: ...from my perspective, we've been consistent saying we're continuing to test new heights, and we're going to continue to do that. In this business, we've expanded operating margin by 300 basis points over the last three years. And so that's something we're going to continue to drive to, to see what the right balance is, from an EVA perspective of driving good organic profitable growth, having the right margin level, and capital efficiency, and we continue to test new highs, and clearly we don't feel limited by the targets we set long-term or anything else. So that's what we're going to continue doing and as Anne commented on.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Sure. Thanks, Mitch. Just two other ones; one on the organic sales growth guidance for the year, can you just talk about why you modestly took down the high-end of the range there?
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So, the high-end of the range, we said that earlier, part of that was assuming that you would have the sustained growth for the whole year. And as we talked about, we do have a point of headwind primarily in the back half for Performance Tapes, so the other piece to it is really on RBIS. So, in order to sustain the growth, we've already saw the growth rates coming down a little bit in Q2, and so we modified that. You would have to assume that you're back to full on growth rate and covering for that in the Q1 run rate.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: And just looking at the second half, the organic growth rate of 4%, the first half was around 3.9%, so it's basically same. We'd overcome the challenges that Anne is saying, it's the high-end of our guidance, so we don't look it as lowering  we lowered the top end, but if we left it at 4.5%, it would imply that growth dramatically improves in the second half, which is not what we're predicting right now.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Sure. Sure. I hear you Mitch. And just last one on pension, if current interest rates were to hold through year-end, can you talk about what the impact might be on your discount rate, PBO, and pension expense for next year? And thanks very much.
Cynthia S. Guenther - Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations: Why don't I follow-up with you on that after the call, I'm frankly not as buttoned up  this is Cindy  on all of those answers, so follow up after the call.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets, please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. On the RBIS pricing actions, I was wondering if it's possible to say how long you expect those to be a headwind, do you lap that headwind at the end of the year or is it possible that pricing actions maybe move into 2017? And then, kind of relatedly, is it possible to quantify how much market share you've gained back since starting these actions or just qualitatively can you give us any color in terms of how you feel from a market share perspective?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. So, there is always pricing actions at various levels, but the specific actions we took late last year, we do cycle through beginning in the second half, so it blends in beginning in Q3 through the end of Q4, so we do cycle through that then. And as far as from a share gain perspective, relative to the growth that we're seeing within fast fashion, our growth levels are exceeding the end market. So, we are very confident we're taking share there. From a value perspective, we believe we're taking share within value and contemporary. So, department stores tough to read, as I commented on, the volumes there the trends that we're seeing are positive and audio gap] (22:45) we're seeing their performance in the marketplace. We believe we are now regaining share there. That was a space, if you recall, along with value, we were losing share on up until beginning late last year, if you will. So, we believe we're starting to shift the share mix overall for those businesses, but we'll have to see how their performance plays out here over the next couple of quarters.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And then, on the restructuring costs, the impact to EPS was lowered $0.20 to $0.15, but the savings remain the same. Can you just provide a little bit more color on that, why is the restructuring program going to cost less than originally anticipated or what's the progress there?
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: There's a couple of things that we looked at. First of all, we went and really trued-up our estimates of these costs and so we saw some  we were a little conservative, so we trued that up, and we're seeing a little bit of favorability on that. And then, quite frankly, some of this just some of the timing of when the costs are actually going to be recorded or hit in the year, so some of that will have a little bit of the timing shift.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. So, it gets pushed into 2017 or...?
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, early 2017.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Louis Gaffner with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, Mitch and Cindy. How are you doing?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, Scott.
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Thanks.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Mitch, I just wanted to focus again on Pressure-sensitive for a second, just given the margin performance in the quarter. Is it the margin profile of the products that you're selling in the emerging markets is pushing the margin here or is it the incremental margins on the 10% growth rate or how should we think about what was really pushing that incremental margin in 2Q?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. So, broad-based, it is not one specific item or theme here. I think the key thing, as I said, exceeded our expectations, even the high-end of our expectations for the quarter, the biggest single driver was the variable flow-through of the additional volume that we saw. The growth rate within PSM was above, if you will, the margin  I mean the guidance range we had for the whole business for the year, and it definitely was a little bit higher than we expected, particularly coming out of Europe. So that was a key driver overall, Scott, for the PSM performance in Q2.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And, Anne, I think you mentioned, though, that price cost was negative view, do you expect that to continue for a couple of quarters within the segment?
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So, we've been talking about this for  as you know, for a while. And over the cycle, you would normally see that you would see a negative impact of price, cost, and so we wanted to call that out that we are seeing a modest impact this quarter and you would expect to see, over a cycle, that that would continue.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And just on the growth in the business in the emerging markets, Mitch, you mentioned Southeast Asia, India, what are the product categories that are really growing? I mean, even in Latin America you had solid growth, is it more on variable information side of the business, is it on the Consumer Products side? Where are you seeing the growth, where is that coming from?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: It's broad-based, but just the whole  I mean, the economy in South Asia, both Southeast Asia as well as India, are doing quite well, and you continue to see expanded consumer spending. So it's Consumer Products linked as well as variable information labels as well, and it's very broad-based and, as I said, it's very healthy double-digit growth there. I just got back from a three-week trip over in Asia, and I'll tell you just when you're engaging with customers and so forth, they're quite optimistic about the prospects for their countries and their individual industries, and excited by what's going to come, and we are key partners for them, not only helping ourselves but helping them to grow and lead the market to a GDP-plus type of growth.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's good to hear. Just one last one from me on RBIS, and I guess RFID in particular, I think you said that you expect it to be up 30% at the current run rate. How big would that make the RFID business for you if you actually achieve the 30% rate? And then, in addition to that, how have the recent rollouts have been going? Have you seen any customers interested in moving from test to broad-based rollout? Can you just give an update there? Thanks.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Sure. So, the business after this year will be roughly $200 million for the full year, so pretty sizable relative to the total size of RBIS. And I think that's an important thing to point out, if you look at RFID in our external embellishment, it's roughly 15% of total RBIS right now, whereas it was 6% just five years ago. And so the whole theme we're talking about continuing to improve our portfolio mix and higher value product lines. It's a great example of what's going on within RBIS as well. So there's a number  we don't talk about specific customers within RFID, who's going to full rollout and so forth, but I will tell you the pipeline is rich. We've got about 90 customers in the total pipeline, a blend between those that are in full adoption, those that are in rollout, those that are in pilot, and those are at the very early stages of just evaluating the business case. So, continued to see great progress. And, as I said before, we do have the go-to team for the RFID adoption, and that's a leadership position we expect to maintain.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, Mitch.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher John Kapsch with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Yeah. Good morning. I had a couple of follow-ups. Just wondering, if you could explain, and why you suppose China was flat vis--vis the growth that you're seeing in other emerging markets. Is there a different competitive dynamic there versus other regions? I know Raflatac did add some capacity over there not too long ago.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: It's hard to pinpoint to any one thing. I'll tell you, when I was over there, speaking with customers, generally, they're talking about the challenge of just adjusting to a lower growth environment right now. We do expect this business to continue to grow and trying to be a mid-single-digit growth market, which we still consider a very healthy clip. And so, you're seeing a little bit of adjustment down from, I'd say that, industry used to growth closer to 10% and being mid-single-digits. Specifically, within the quarter, there's a number of puts and takes for being depressed down to the low-single-digits to roughly flat, but no key takeaways right now. And I will say, for our business, a single quarter being flat or growing a few percent, that can happen; our expectation here is mid-single-digits for China.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then just moving sort of western around the world to Europe. Just wondering, if  I mean the trends there have continued to  pretty buoyant considering what's gone on over there, and I'm just curious if there has been any change in those trends since the Brexit vote I guess around a month ago?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: It's actually too early to tell, overall, is what I'd say. Clearly, I think the broader question is just, what does it mean for the EU and so forth? But if you look at where we are, our market leadership position, regardless of market environment, we are well positioned for this and the UK business is just a little over $100 million worth of business, so relatively small in the grand scheme of things. Personally, think it's a little bit blown out of proportion, a little bit some of the market reaction initially with what we saw. But we're well positioned and, if there's some challenges in the marketplace, we're going to be looking to take advantage of those as the market leader.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And if I could just follow up on this Pressure-sensitive segment margin topic, and I know you kind of had referred to first quarter performance, which was strong, as possibly approaching peak, and now we exceeded that performance by 60 basis points sequentially. And it sounds as though like mix is  obviously, operational excellence is contributing, but also mix with the growth that you've seen in international markets, which, I believe, are higher margin and obviously your emphasis on shifting towards the more value-added products. And it sounds like that's all going to continue, particularly with investment in accelerating the growth of those sorts of product lines. So just wondering given how well you are executing, and given the trajectory of those higher margin businesses, just what's maybe a more realistic longer-term margin expectation for this Pressure-sensitive segment as we continue to move forward here?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: So, we're not resetting margin targets right now. We've said that this business and the margins that we've had even 11%-plus, it's very healthy returns and our focus is again finding the right balance of top-line gross margins and capital efficiency to optimize EVA. So, we will be setting new targets when we come out. We're going to do an Investor Day. We're now planning for that to be in March, and we will send out a press release with the exact date here in due time, but that will be the time that we reset it. And again, I want to emphasize here, the previous targets we had, we clearly don't feel limited by those in anyway. We are going continue driving forward and finding that optimum balance. And we've, again, expanded margin by 300 basis points over the last few years. And remember, we've got questions about resetting target, beginning a year and a half ago, how we set them then, we'd probably be talking about should we be resetting them again right now given where our performance is. So, we are testing new heights and we'll continue to do so and we'll update everybody with our long-term expectations in March.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Right. Well, and just one quick follow-up, and you'll continue to get the question until you do reset the margins I'm thinking, but the...
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Understood.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: ...just wondering  yeah  if you're  are you constrained  given the margin performance and how this business has done, are you constrained anywhere where you feel like you need to ramp-up capital in order to capitalize on growth in the Pressure-sensitive division?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. I wouldn't say constrained, but we have said that we are going to be increasing the pace of capital investment within this business. If you look at the growth rate, to your point, we do need to increase the pace of capital investment, that is something we would expect. If you look the long-term targets that we had laid out couple of years ago, it was roughly an average of a couple of hundred million dollars over the horizon. We haven't been on that pace until now, but we do expect to be ramping up here, specifically to capture profitable growth, to your point.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. And kudos on the execution.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Leon Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on the quarter.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Hi, George.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess the  how are you? Very good performance here. I guess the first question I had and we're beating the Pressure-sensitive margin question into the ground, but would you expect from the current level in the second quarter that you achieved that we should be seeing some flattening out from here seasonally, or is that getting too close for comfort and the commentary about 1Q being perhaps close to peak maybe  created more distraction needed to be and we should just let you run your business and wherever the margins come out, they come out?
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well, personally, I like that second option, but I guess I'll have to address the first question. So, look, as I talked about, even in last quarter's call and this quarter's call, we are hitting new heights as we talked about. We do have seasonality in this business. And I think you've seen that historically, traditionally Q4 in particular has quite a dip in margin when you look at the historical trend on this. I would say that, and as I mentioned, we also have the headwind of the Performance Tapes customer in the second half. So we  when you look at the high-end of the range, you would have to assume that we can largely sustain this and overcome some of these issues as well. But at the high-end, it's really sustaining this, but continuing through and overcoming some of the Performance Tapes customer loss.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. So, George, just to reinforce what Anne said, we typically see a drop in Q4 by a full point and then we've talked about Tapes, the decline there on the volume side, well that is a high margin business and so that will have a pretty decent impact on the margins as well. And as Anne said, full range of our guidance, we think capture the full range of possible outcomes  not possible outcomes, but probable outcomes, and the high end has roughly a continuation excluding a little bit of the excess in Q2, a little bit of continuation of margin trends we saw in first half continuing into the second half with the normal seasonal drop and the impact of Performance Tapes.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I appreciate that additional color, and that helps us here. If we talk about RFID, so I remember from the last quarter, you were expecting 20% growth thereabouts and now you're in excess of 30%. So, I think a lot of the answer here is in relation to what you're saying to, I think, Scott's question about RFID. But have you seen more customers coming to you for trials as the reason for the increase in the growth rate or has it been a greater amount of sale in existing trials that's been driving the increase in the guidance there for the full year, obviously you have tougher comps in the second half.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Generally, the latter. So, it's an increase in sales to customers that are already in the process of rolling out. So, just being more aggressive, if you will, the customers and their rollout. So, that's been the primary driver. As far as customers switching into full adoption, if you will, or in the rollout, that's something that usually there is a pretty short lead-time from when that's announced and when we'll start sourcing that. So, the key question here  we talked a little bit about tough comps in Q4, the question here, will anybody else convert to that next level, which we've seen in the past as you know.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Understood. The last question I had and I'll turn it over because most of my questions have already been asked. When we look at RBIS, and I think you said you are ultimately constructive or pleased with where the business is and I'm putting words in your mouth, so feel free to adapt as you need to. But when I look at the margin, where the margin dollars year-on-year being flat versus 2Q, in spite of the $60 million net benefit that that segment getting from restructuring and other performance improvements, are you really happy with that business? Should we assume that all of that benefit has been basically used to grow market share through pricing and other actions? And should we expect a continuation of the playbook and maybe even an intensification of the strategies in that playbook to ultimately try to grow volume and margin for the segment in the next 12 months to 18 months? Thanks, guys.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, George. Yeah. So, just the comment around RBIS is we're pleased with progress we're making on the transformation, which we are very pleased with our growth that we're seeing in RFID, but that the growth  organic growth of 2%-plus in the quarter was short of our obviously long-term target that we have for this business. And while it is largely due to the softness in the apparel market, we're looking to grow this business 4% to 5% long-term. So, I would say that, we met our guidance expectations given what was going on in the apparel market. We're pleased with the progress the team is making on the transformation and we knew this was going to be a multi-year transformation as well. So, yes, there is more  we're continuing to focus on how can we get less complex, simpler, if you will, and more competitive across the entire customer base. So, this is something that we will continue to be focused on. And I think it's important as you step back, I mean, yes, the top line has been less consistent, if you will, but we have continued to grow this business over the last number of years. And regardless of market environment, we have consistently expanded margins over each of the years over the last five years. And that's something that we're going to continue to do regardless of the market environment, leveraging our strength in RFID and external embellishments, in our customer relationships across all market segments and are focused on productivity to get more competitive.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey John Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, thanks very much. I think you said early in the call that volume growth and pressure-sensitive was negative in North America in the quarter. My memory is maybe last year, it grew 4% or 5%, and in the first quarter grew 1% or 2%. Is there a change in trend there or is this quarter an anomaly, what's happening there?
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, the trends  so we did have negative growth, slightly negative, in this quarter. I don't think we've said that this business has been 4% to 5%. I think even last year, we saw a bit of a modest improvement, low single-digit growth in this business. So, I think, within a band, if you look over the last several quarters, it's within a pretty tight band of where we're seeing this business. I don't think we're seeing dramatic changes in the marketplace.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. You said that there's now a little bit of raw material pressure. So, if raw materials are  I take it that they're going up or is it that prices are coming down? Where does the squeeze come from, on the price side or on the raw materials side?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. So, Jeff, we don't comment on the specific components. We talked about the modest net headwind, if you will, which is not exceptional by any stretch if you look at the long-term trajectory within the business. So, yes. So, overall, I think this message here is stable in general, stable on raw material inflation; that's the type of environment we're seeing. And we continue to see what you'd normally expect in a competitive industry like we're in on the top line.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. In terms of your upcoming acquisition, do you have all of the regulatory approvals for it?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. So, Jeff, just received word this morning actually that we received final regulatory approval, we expected that to come through, which is why we said we expect it to close in August, but that did actually come through this morning. So, we are still on track and expect to be closing here in the coming weeks.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Will RFID revenues be higher or lower in the second half than in the first half, given that you grew 50% in the second quarter and you expect to grow 30% for the year?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: They will be higher in the second half. Most of the growth will be in Q3 though, Q4 is particularly where the tough comps are. We still expect some modest growth in Q4, but it will be modest, unless another rollout starts, of course.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And you said that in pressure-sensitive you had inflationary pricing in South America. Did that lead overall to positive pricing for pressure-sensitive in the quarter or negative pricing?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. So, Jeff, in a number of markets, particularly Latin America, we do have, what we call, currency pricing. So, when the currencies move, because of the lot of the raw material input costs are coming from outside the region. So, it's not having a net positive impact overall in a sizable way to the bottom line; it's just more way to cover the input costs in local currency.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. I was...
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Good morning.
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Most of my questions have been answered, but there is one little hole regarding Vancive. Could you give us a little more details on that particular business? Is that $1.6 million of EBIT sustainable over the balance of the year and then we start seeing the substantial margin improvement the next year?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. So that business we've been talking about being in a turnaround and some of the changes we started making mid-to-late last year around getting the top-line pipeline moving again. And so, to answer your question specifically, we don't expect the positive margins to stay at that level going into the second half; there will be some headwinds on that front. And also on the top line within that business, we expect to take us into 2017 to kind of see the reverse in this trajectory and the turnaround of that business.
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And just to add to that, we are expecting in the second half that we'll see declines in organic growth in this business.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: And that is due to what?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Sorry.
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sorry.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: What would be the reason for the decline in organic growth, which is not particularly large to begin with?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. Specifically, there is an inventory reduction that is expected with one particular customer for one of the core product lines in the second half.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Okay. And looking at RBIS, could you talk about the growth rate? If you eliminate the impact from RFID, what is RBIS all by itself doing or is that something you cannot separate?
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, what we said in earlier comments was that RFID drove the vast majority of the growth in RBIS to organic growth.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: And it was actually down modestly, excluding RFID, Rosemarie.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. And when you look at the customers or the garments that are using your products on RBIS. Can you separate  I mean, you talked about the, no growth or decline in department stores. But could you separate the high-end product garments versus the type of garments that will be sold at a Walmart, at a Target? Could you give us a feel as to what the industry is doing?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Sure. Overall, and I think it's somewhat reflective of the types of garments, but with the exception of the impact of some inventory reductions that are impacting us in Q2 or impacted us in Q2, performance athletic, for example, high-value athletic garments have done and are expected to continue to do well. Fashion has done quite well in the market. So, that's a low-cost, high-churn, a lot of fashion elements, that has done well and is expected to continue to do well, which is one of the reasons why we are focusing on driving growth with that segment and taking share. Value continues to do well and value actually has a range of  value and contemporary, a full range of high-end garments and more discount garments. So, it's hard to call out specifically what's winning within that space overall. But I think, what you're seeing here is broad-based, the reason we talked about the department stores. Department stores are  a number of them having some challenges right now, and fast fashion is a particular growth driver within the industry.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of George Leon Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, operator. Just last one, quick one, guys. As we think about the guidance for the year and it went up $0.05, which was basically what the variance was, round numbers. In the second quarter, which in turn was driven by pressure-sensitive materials. Now again I think some of the other analysts have asked the same question. There are lots of things that are going right for pressure-sensitive at the moment; the growth in emerging markets, the mix inherent in those markets and so on. And I recognize seasonally there should be some drop-off, but we wouldn't expect a significant one in the third quarter anyway, relative to second quarter, based on history. So, should we just very simply assume that the reason you only took your guidance up by the amount that you beat 2Q is that whatever you're seeing improvement in pressure-sensitive is being largely offset at this juncture by RBIS and Vancive the back half of the year? Or would there be any nuances around that? Thanks and good luck in the quarter, guys.
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Great. So, in general, if you look at the range of the guidance, as we talked about earlier, you'd have to assume that you would have higher growth rates in the second half and that you would have to cover for some of the headwinds we've got for seasonality. And don't forget we've got the tapes customer business coming out, which is higher margin than the average for this segment and really is distorted to the second half as well, when we think about the impact of the business. So, you'd have to take into account the Vancive, the RBIS, and then the fact that we've got those headwinds. We also have a $0.02 headwind for FX that you'll see in the guidance as well.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's right. We've tried to account for that customer loss in PSM, but we'll go back to our spreadsheets on that. Again, thanks for all the color, guys. We'll talk to you soon.
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, George.
Operator: Mr. Butier, I will now turn the call back to you. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Okay. Thank you. So, overall we're pleased with the quarter and pleased with the progress we're making across both of our strategic and financial priorities. We remain committed to achieving our long-term targets by driving accelerated growth in our high value segments and continuing to leverage our strength traditionally in productivity to ensure we continue to have healthy returns and expanding margins across all product categories. And I want to thank the leadership team, employees everywhere for their hard work, creativity and commitment to our success. So, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Cindy Guenther - Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations Dean Scarborough - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mitch Butier - President and Chief Operating Officer Anne Bramman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Company Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital Incorporated Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Alex Wang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christopher John Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Avery Dennisons Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter Ended April 2, 2016. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 9 a.m. Pacific today through midnight Pacific Time April 30. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21782906. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennisons Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, maam.
Cindy Guenther: Thank you, Pamela. Today, we will discuss our preliminary unaudited first quarter results. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on Schedules A-2 to A-4 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release. We remind you that we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in todays earnings release. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman and CEO; Mitch Butier, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Anne Bramman, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks, Cindy and good day everyone. We are off to a very good start to the year on several fronts, including better than expected earnings growth. Both of our core businesses delivered solid organic sales growth and significant margin expansion driving mid-teens growth in adjusted earnings per share. We also signed a definitive agreement to acquire Mactac Europe from Platinum Equity. This acquisition aligns perfectly with our strategy to enhance our competitiveness in high-value pressure sensitive materials for graphics applications. Mactac complements our existing business with a strong brand and loyal customer base expanding our product offering, capabilities and distributor network. Our consistently strong operating performance, along with the disciplined execution of our long-term capital allocation plan is testament to the strategic foundations we have laid as well as to the strength and depth of our leadership team. I am happy to say that the leadership transition we have had underway has been seamless. As we announced in February, I am formally handing over the CEO reins to Mitch this week. I will stay on the board as Executive Chairman, with Mitch joining the Board following his election at tomorrows shareholder meeting. Since joining Avery Dennison in 2000, Mitch has worked in various businesses and regions across the company and in roles of increasing responsibility. He has been a close partner of mine and has been at the center of our most successful business strategies. Most recently, he was the driver behind our focus on the high-value market segments of our portfolio, while making the investments necessary to be competitive across all product segments. Just as important, Mitch is a champion of the values, integrity and high ethical standards that define Avery Dennison. I am handing off my CEO duties to Mitch with complete confidence in his ability to guide Avery Dennison toward an increasingly prosperous future. I will save my closing remarks for after the Q&A. So, now I will turn the call over now to Mitch and Anne. Mitch?
Mitch Butier: Let me start by thanking you, Dean, for your leadership, counsel and support over the years, not just from me personally, but on behalf of the entire organization. You have taken Avery Dennison to new heights and I am extremely honored to be able to build on your legacy as I become the next CEO and I am grateful to be able to continue to tap your vast experience in your role as Chairman. This is a great company with great people and I could not be more confident in the companys position nor more excited by our prospects. As CEO, my focus remains the same ensuring the long-term success of the company by delivering exceptional value for our customers, our employees and our shareholders. Our two industry leading core businesses are well-positioned for profitable growth. That growth combined with our constant focus on productivity and capital discipline will enable us to continue to deliver strong returns for our shareholders. As Dean said, we are pleased to report a very good start to the year. We beat our expectations for Q1 EPS by a few cents, reflecting continued outperformance in pressure-sensitive materials. Our consistently strong performance speaks to the strategic foundations we have laid. We are focused on driving profitable growth through differentiated quality, service and innovation with the specific goal to accelerate growth in high value market segments that have above average growth and margin potential, such as tapes, graphics, RFID and emerging markets. We will continue to invest disproportionately here both organically and through bolt-on acquisitions. Over time, this will improve our portfolio mix and bolster our leadership positions in these key segments. In addition to driving growth in high value categories, we are also focused on driving more profitable growth in those that are less differentiated, such as base materials for barcode labels in pressure-sensitive and the value and contemporary segments of RBIS. We are increasing our competitiveness here by lowering our cost and tailoring our go-to-market strategies. And finally, productivity improvement remains a top priority. This has been the core strength of ours over the years and it is something we will continue to focus on through continued deployment of Lean and Six Sigma, ongoing innovations and product reengineering and investments in automation and restructuring. I want to stress that our productivity focus is not just about lowering cost and expanding margins, both of which are crucial, but also about becoming more competitive so we can grow profitably and better serve the less differentiated segments of our markets. Now, let me describe how these strategic priorities are playing out within each of our businesses. As you know, our goal in PSM is to create value by growing the top line of this high return business at 4% to 5% organically, while expanding operating margins. And I am pleased to say that the team continues to deliver on both fronts. This business has consistently generated solid organic growth for the past 4 years and Q1 was no exception, with 4% organic growth driven by emerging markets and strength in graphics and specialty label materials. We see opportunities to continue expanding in such high-value categories and are investing to support this growth, including through acquisitions. The Mactac deal is an excellent case in point. I will comment more on that in just a moment. As for the less differentiated product categories, I am pleased to say we have made good progress on this over the past year and saw a continuation of that trend in Q1. We have more to do on this front, but overall, good progress. As I said, our acquisition of Mactac Europe demonstrates the execution of our strategic priority to further penetrate high value segments as this acquisition enhances our position in both graphics and tapes. This is a classic bolt-on acquisition that meets all of our strategic and financial criteria for acquisitions. Mactac is known in Europe for its high-quality pressure-sensitive graphic materials, with products and capabilities that are complementary to our existing business. It has a loyal customer base and gives us access to new distributors. Incidentally, given the high customer loyalty and opportunity to broaden our distributor network, we intend to maintain the Mactac brand in Europe and Mactacs manufacturing facility in Belgium adds new capacity to support growth for both graphics and tapes. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions, the RBIS team continues to win in high value categories. Sales for radiofrequency identification products grew by more than 70% in Q1 and sales growth for the performance athletic brands was solid once again. Furthermore, the team continues to execute well on its business model transformation, which will enable this business to win in the less differentiated value and contemporary segments while driving significant margin expansion. To this end, we are executing an aggressive set of restructuring and other productivity actions designed to put RBIS back on the margin expansion trajectory necessary to achieve our long-term financial goals. Let me remind you that this multiyear transformation what it entails. We are reducing our fixed cost, localizing our material sourcing and responding more quickly to changes in our customer needs by decentralizing decision-making. In short, we are rapidly moving to a business model that is making us more competitive. We are seeing early signs of success from this change as we have realized core volume gains in the value segment. Now, volumes for core products among the department stores, what we call contemporary segment, are still down due in large part to the challenges that these customers face in their own markets. Overall, the RBIS team is making solid progress against the transformation. And we are pleased with the results on the top line and bottom line in the quarter. That said, the second quarter will be a key test for us as it is the seasonally most important quarter for this business. Turning now to Vancive Medical Technologies, first quarter results were simply disappointing with a significant drop in sales. While our long-term new product platform continues to gain traction, we have been losing ground with respect to our core product pipeline. We began taking actions mid last year that are beginning to refill that pipeline, but it will take time to recover due to the long sales cycle in this business. We are committed to achieving consistent growth in our long-term margin objectives for Vancive. Coming back to the total company view, in terms of our outlook for 2016, we have raised the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance by about $0.08, reflecting some relief from currency headwinds as well as the strong results we delivered in the first quarter. Even more important, we remain highly confident in our ability to consistently deliver exceptional value over the long run based on the execution of our key strategies. We plan to continue to drive outside growth in high value segments, relentlessly focus on productivity to improve our competitiveness in less differentiated segments and drive margin expansion, maintain our high degree of capital efficiency while increasing investments to support profitable growth and continue our disciplined approach to returning cash to shareholders. Now, I will turn the call over to Anne.
Anne Bramman: Thanks, Mitch and hello everyone. I will provide a little more color on the quarter. In Q1, we delivered a 16% increase in adjusted earnings per share on 4% organic sales growth. Currency translation reduced reported sales by 5.6% in the first quarter with an approximately $0.06 impact to EPS. Adjusted operating margin in the first quarter improved 130 basis points to 9.7% as the benefit of productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset higher employee related costs. We realized about $27 million of incremental savings from restructuring charges net of transition costs. The adjusted tax rate was 34%, consistent with the anticipated full year tax rate in the low to mid-30% range. Free cash flow was a negative $37 million. About $18 million lower than Q1 of last year primarily due to higher bonus payments associated with our strong performance last year. We repurchased approximately 1.5 million shares in the quarter and paid $33 million in dividends. Net of dilution, we reduced our share count by 0.8 million for a net cost of $80 million. Our balance sheet remains strong and we have ample capacity to fund both the Mactac acquisition as well as to continue returning cash to shareholders in a disciplined manner. As Mitch mentioned earlier, the Mactac deal aligns with both our strategic and financial criteria for acquisitions. Not only do we expect to be EPS accretive within 12 months, but we also expected to generate a rate of return in excess of our cost of capital within 18 months. We expect to close this deal within a few months and we anticipate that this transaction will have an immaterial impact to EPS this year and expect an approximately $0.10 benefit to EPS next year. That $0.10 benefit is net of interest costs, amortization of intangibles and certain transition costs and it corresponds to EBITDA of roughly 25 million next year. Now looking at the segments, Pressure-sensitive Materials sales were up approximately 4% on an organic basis. Traditionally, emerging markets have been a big driver of our growth in PSM. We saw a reverse of that trend last year when faster growth in mature markets picked up the slack for slower than usual growth in China and other parts of the world. In Q1, we returned to the normal trend. Specifically, we saw a return to more modest growth in North America and Western Europe, low single-digits for both, while emerging markets grew at a high single-digit rate. As noted previously, we continued to see strong growth within PSMs higher value segments. Within Label and Packaging Materials, we grew faster than average in specialty films and papers. And Graphics grew by more than 10%. PSMs adjusted operating margin of 12.9% was up 140 basis points compared to last year as the benefit from productivity and higher volume more than offset employee related costs. Once again, the team delivered the vast majority of this quarters margin improvement through ongoing productivity efforts, including engineered reductions in raw material costs as well as restructuring initiatives. While we saw a benefit from deflation net of price in the quarter, it was very modest. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions, coincidentally the organic growth and margin expansion for RBIS was identical to PSM. Sales were up approximately 4% on an organic basis and adjusted operating margin expanded by 140 basis points. Sales growth for the segment was driven largely by radio frequency identification products. RFID sales exceeded our expectations for the quarter with organic growth of more than 70%. The comps for RFID got significantly more challenging in the second half, but we continue to expect better than 20% growth for the full year. Adjusting for the impact at RFID, we saw solid growth in the performance segment. This was not withstanding a tough comp up against last years first quarter. Sales of external embellishments were soft in the quarter mostly due to timing of orders. We are confident we will see this part of the business pick up over the course of the year. As Mitch indicated, the growth trend for core, less differentiated products remains mixed. Q2 remains the key parameter for us here. In contrast to recent quarters, sales growth among European retailers and brand owners outpaced their U.S. counterparts, partly due to easier comparisons. RBIS operating margin improvement reflected the net benefit of productivity initiatives and higher volumes, which more than offset higher employee related costs. As the team continues to execute its aggressive transformation program, we anticipate continued margin expansion over the balance of the year. Sales in Vancive Medical Technologies declined by approximately 18% on an organic basis due in part to a difficult prior comparison related to the specific customer. Even with the lost profits associated with the sales decline, the segments operating loss came down modestly, reflecting the actions we took last year to set down our investment in wearable sensors. We expect improvement over the balance of the year in terms of both the top and bottom line. Turning now to our outlook for the balance of the year, we have raised the midpoint of our guidance for adjusted earnings per share by $0.08, with an updated range of $3.75 to $3.90. We outlined some of the key contributing factors to our EPS guidance on Slide 8 of our supplemental presentation materials. The only assumption that has changed here is the impact of currency. Specifically at recent exchange rates, we now estimate that currency translation will reduce net sales by approximately 2% and pretax earnings by roughly $15 million or an estimated $0.11 per share. This compares to our previous estimates of reduction of 3.5% to sales and $0.18 to EPS. The rest of our key assumptions remain unchanged from what we shared last quarter. So just wrapping up, we are very pleased with our strategic and financial progress we made against our 2018 goals this past quarter. I am confident we will continue to deliver exceptional value over the long-term through superior execution of our strategies including the disciplined allocation of capital. Now, we will open the call up for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Robert W. Baird & Company. Please proceed.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hi guys. Good morning.
Dean Scarborough: Good morning.
Anne Bramman: Good morning.
Ghansham Panjabi: Dean congratulations. Best wishes to you for the future and same to you as well, Mitch.
Dean Scarborough: Thank you, Ghansham.
Mitch Butier: Thank you.
Ghansham Panjabi: I guess first off on Mactac, in the context of this business being sold by BMS in 14 for less than what you are purchasing European assets for, can you give us some color on why you passed on the asset 2 years ago, was it being sold one asset including North America and so the antitrust maybe kept you away?
Dean Scarborough: Yes. So we are not going to comment actually on the process that BMS ran a few years ago. I think the key thing we comped to what us buying this business for more than what the Platinum bought the whole business for, including the U.S. a few years ago, actually only 18 months ago or so, they have done a phenomenal job. The leadership within Mactac particularly in Europe in really turning that business around improving the profitability, leaning out the organization, so thats  they have created a lot of value in the last 18 months and we see opportunities to leverage it from here and create even more value going forward.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. Then Mitch, do you see any additive technology that you are acquiring with these assets or?
Mitch Butier: Its complementary technology overall. So, they have number of coding lines with various different adhesive capabilities. But if you look at within the graphics space, there is graphics and tapes to smaller degree within this business, but there is very long life in casting films, which is something that we do quite well like shrink wrap and so forth and then there is shorter life promotional films for graphic materials. And they have a very strong brand and complement our strengths with how they go to market in their approach.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. And just one final one on the customer loss in PSM, you called out last quarter. Just to clarify, does that start impacting the first quarter? And is it 1% or so top line loss for that segment any different than your previous year? Is that still the right way to think about that loss? Thanks.
Anne Bramman: Yes. So, we are still looking at about 1% impact for the year. I would say its more back loaded in the second half of the year where you are actually going to see the exit in that business.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Louis Gaffner from Barclays Capital Incorporated. Please proceed.
Scott Louis Gaffner: Thanks. Good morning.
Anne Bramman: Good morning.
Scott Louis Gaffner: Just a follow-up on the Mactac for a minute, any regulatory hurdles that have to be overcome in regards to the acquisition?
Dean Scarborough: We are making filings in a couple of jurisdictions call it Germany specifically, normal customary filings that we need to go through. This is a highly competitive space and we see that the acquisition that we are making is going to even increase the level of innovation in the space. And so I think that the regulators will look at that favorably.
Scott Louis Gaffner: Okay. And one of the issues around that business was the prior owner hadnt invested very much capital in the business. Did the buyer from Platinum, did they invest significantly in that business from a capital perspective do you know?
Mitch Butier: They invested in restructuring that business over the past year and a half streamlining the organization.
Scott Louis Gaffner: Got it. When I look at the pressure-sensitive margins in the first quarter, up 140 basis points year-over-year, is there something or any items that sort of falloff as we move through the year that would keep you from that kind of variance year-over-year as we move through throughout 2016?
Anne Bramman: Yes. So, I think we are in a record cycle from a margin perspective and really kind of at the peak for PSM. So, I would anticipate we are going to have margin compression in the back half of the year. And we talked about this before, in the last couple of quarters, we have seen some modest benefit from deflation net of price. And so, it would be really reasonable to assume that the business cycle would see offsets of this gain. Additionally, we are seeing some signs of modest inflation in the commodities markets. And as I mentioned earlier, we are seeing some 1% change for performance tapes with the customers program thats exiting and that was a margin that was little bit higher margin than above average in the business as well. So, its a little bit of the impact in the second half as well.
Scott Louis Gaffner: Okay. And when you say margin compression, you mean lower margins year-over-year in the back half of 2016 or just lower than we had...
Anne Bramman: I think what we are talking about is right now, we are at a record  Q1 is really a record quarter for PSM from a margin perspective. So, its less about year-over-year and more about we are at a peak right now.
Scott Louis Gaffner: Okay, alright. And then in the quarter just around the organic volume for pressure-sensitive, 4%, how much of that was price and how much of that was volume?
Anne Bramman: So most of that came from price or from volumes sorry and then about 3% of that came out of emerging markets.
Scott Louis Gaffner: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of George Leon Staphos from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Alex Wang: Hi, good morning. Its actually Alex Wang sitting in for George. Congratulations on the quarter. First question, it sounds like PSM was really a driver of the positive variance relative to your expectations. Can you talk a little bit more about the higher value ad segments in emerging markets, how sustainable you think those trends are? And then on a related point, having now four or five quarters with the operating margins at the high end or above the long-term guidance range, are you in a position maybe to reevaluate the margin target for PSM?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So, as far as your first question, the performance on the margins within PSM, so yes, it was basically margin beat and PSM was what caused us to beat our own expectations of the total company. And essentially, just the mix came in a little bit better and we continue to drive growth within the high value segments, so that was a key contributor to that factor. And within the emerging markets, we did see within China, we saw some modest growth. As China, the level of growth as we have been talking about for four out of the last five quarters or so have had moderated from what we have seen traditionally. So, it was in the low single-digits. However, thats being offset by pretty phenomenal growth in ASEAN as well as in India. So, thats whats going on with the growth trajectory and the margins. One of the other things that came in a little bit better than we expected, we are expecting essentially neutral benefit on the net impact of price and raw material inflation. It came in a couple of million dollars better than our expectations. So, that was a positive contributor as well. And remind me, Alex, what was the second question?
Alex Wang: Mitch, just on the long-term target and whether you are in a position maybe to reevaluate that?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So, we are not going to reset targets. We established those targets for 2018. As we have always said, this business is an extremely high return business even at those levels. And we have never seen them as a ceiling or a cap and we are continuing to test our limits and continuing to push this business both in the top and bottom line and thats something we will continue to do. So, we think it will be at this point, after a few  5, 6 quarters of outperformance, so this could change the long-term trajectory or long-term target is not the right time to do it.
Alex Wang: Understood. And just as a follow-up, maybe switching over to RBIS, if you could talk a little bit about why maybe the core products we are not seeing some more acceleration in that, maybe what your expectations are as we progress through the year and what you are hearing from your customers as we move into a heavier selling season? Thanks very much.
Dean Scarborough: Yes. So, in the core products, we are actually I think what I commented on is we are starting to see early progress from the actions we have been taking. Now, the revenue is actually down modestly. But recall, we said we were going to be more aggressive on the pricing front with certain  in certain categories and we have done that. And so the volumes are actually up with value and thats  and I am excluding RFID right now. They are significantly up if you include RFID, but volumes in our core products are up. And so we think we are seeing good signs and consistent last few quarters from the volume growth perspective. Good trajectory there. In the contemporary or the department stores, we are still seeing volumes down and a lot of that has to do with some of the challenges that the number of the department stores are seeing in their own marketplace today. As far as what customers are telling us, its hard to give you an average. If you look at it, there is a number of customers that are doing quite well, a number of retailers and brands, and there is a number that are having their own challenges that they work through things. So overall, we are coming off of a winter season that was a little lackluster from a retail sales perspective. And so, a number of the retailers have more inventory than they want to be having right now and that is factoring into their thinking. On a broad base, if I had to characterize, I would say cautious optimism is what the retailers and brands are looking at. And those that are even struggling, everybody is looking to get more productivity out of their existing retail footprint and its something what we can help them achieve that, particularly with RFID and thats the focus of the conversations.
Alex Wang: Appreciate the thoughts. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. How do you feel about your working capital? I think your receivables were up year-over-year. Your sales were down. Do you think that you are managing working capital as well as you might  do you expect it to be used this year or benefit?
Anne Bramman: So in general on our working capital, we  a big part of the change is that we have some planned investments in inventory, primarily in the RFID space to support the accelerated growth that we have seen in that business. So over time, we expect that that will even out. But we did plan on in making those investments to make sure that we meet our customer commitments.
Jeff Zekauskas: And you are...
Dean Scarborough: Just quick on their receivables that there is a regional impact as far as regional mix, the higher growth in the emerging  some of the emerging markets where we have long, slightly longer terms has an impact on that. I say overall, we can do a little more here on the working capital perspective. And so we saw some deterioration. Part of that is just due to mix and some strategic decisions that Anne commented on inventory. We think we can do more here.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. Your corporate costs year-over-year were up a couple of million dollars, but your SG&A was down, I dont know, $22 million, why was corporate up and SG&A down so much?
Anne Bramman: So in general, we are going to see over each quarter, there is a little bit of variance that goes on with the corporate expenses, so you should expect to be near from $20 million to $25 million a quarter. So its within that variance that we see just say from timing on some of the expenses. As far as SG&A, as we have talked about, we have had a significant restructuring program, especially in RBIS, where a majority of their savings are coming through the SG&A line. So when you look at SG&A savings, the productivity coming as restructuring is driving the improvement overall. We had some favorable in currency with the currency change that are also favorable, but it was offset with higher employee costs.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. Are RFID margins higher or lower than the RBIS average margin or is there?
Mitch Butier: The EBIT margins are above the RBIS average.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. And often you get a sense of the order pattern going into the second quarter, retail sales in the United States have been a little bit on the weak side, is that something that you are seeing or when you look at your order patterns so far, how does that appear to you?
Mitch Butier: Order patterns are consistent with the guidance we are giving overall, but just a real test is not entering the quarter. Its really how long the peak lasts throughout Q2. So if it ends a few weeks early, that obviously has a big negative impact to us. So its consistent right now, but its really not an early read. As we have said, we have limited for visibility. Last year, the peak season actually ended relatively early and that was one of the reasons we had the decline last year in Q2. So consistent, but I would say, its too early to give you any more color on how that will play out.
Jeff Zekauskas: How will you finance Mactac or how...?
Anne Bramman: So we have ample capacity through both cash and our current credit lines.
Jeff Zekauskas: So do you expect to borrow the whole amount or partly borrow, whats your plan?
Anne Bramman: So we are  so specifically, we have plenty of capacity available on our credit lines that we can fund this transaction. And we will look at long-term what this means for us from a financing prospective. So we generally  we have a CP program and we have got some other credit available for us that we can use.
Jeff Zekauskas: When you give your accretion calculation for next year, do you assume cost cuts or thats without cost cuts?
Anne Bramman: So there is very  as I mentioned in my comments, there is very little that we have got into the number for next year for synergies. We really  we will have some from the procurement side. But the team, the Mactac team has done a phenomenal job of investing in the business and really streamlining it. So what we are getting is a business thats really complementary to our Graphics business in Europe.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Christopher John Kapsch from BB&T Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher John Kapsch: Yes. Good morning and kudos. I had a follow-up on Mactac, just so if I remember, I mean this is going back a while, there is probably over a dozen years ago that UPM-Kymmene tried to acquire all of Mactac globally, that was challenged domestically by the DOJ and obviously didnt go through, I am just wondering, back then was there any challenges on the European side and I guess, if you could comment on that first? I realized...
Dean Scarborough: Chris, this is Dean. So the answer is no, so only the U.S. Department of Justice was looking at anti-competitive practices. There was a  in Europe, there was also an investigation of the industry that happened around the same time, but the two werent linked in terms of an antitrust linkage, so to speak. So they were independent investigations.
Christopher John Kapsch: Okay. And then could you just maybe provide some color on what sort of physical assets come with the acquisition. And then you did mention in your formal comments some of the things that the private equity sponsor had done to improve that business in Europe, just wondering if that improvement was more a function of productivity and cost outs or do they also grow the business, you could talk about maybe the growth trends for Mactac Europe in the last couple of years and how it looks going forward based on your due diligence?
Mitch Butier: Sure. So as far as the assets that we are acquiring, so with eight coding lines and they have the capabilities across all different three primary adhesive categories emulsion, hot melt and solvent. So thats what we are acquiring. And as far as what the company has gone through the last year and a half, they basically restructured down to the single manufacturing facility. They used to have more than one and thats been the area of focus. And as far as the top line, this business is  Mactac has extremely well respected brand in the graphic space and tape spaces. And this business used to have some other unprofitable categories specifically bulk roll label materials that they have exited over the last year and a half as well that were unprofitable and pretty low end. So the trajectory for the overall business isnt really indicative by what was going on in the underlying core. And yes, we know them as from what we have seen in the due diligence and also as competitors that are well respected in the market. And its a platform that we expect to be able to leverage and continue to grow profitably.
Christopher John Kapsch: Okay. And then one follow-up on just regulatory and I am going to go back even further but when you guys acquired Jackstadt many years ago, was there any antitrust issues or questions in Europe on that transaction. And then I guess that was more a play and roll stock materials versus it sounds like Mactac is exclusively on the higher end graphics, is that correct?
Mitch Butier: So you have got a good memory, Chris. So the Jackstadt acquisition, we did have filings in multiple jurisdictions around the world. You are correct also in that about 80% of Jackstadt sales were in the bulk roll label growth category although they did have a decent sized graphics business as well. And we went through a second round of process with some of the regulatory authorities in Europe, specifically in Germany. So it took on, I think four months or five months and then we have got the approval. So Mactacs business is primarily a graphics business. And by and large, with a little bit of tapes, its a nice add-on to what we are doing. And these are both categories where we have relatively low market shares respectively. So we have got  I dont want to project how regulatory agencies will react, but suffice it to say that we wouldnt have done the deal unless we had some level of confidence that it would go through.
Christopher John Kapsch: Sure. Thanks for the additional context. And then if I could just follow-up on  one on the just the comment about peak margins and some expectation that there will be compression in the second half, if you look at some of the drivers setting aside the raw material benefit that you got in this quarter, it seems as though you guys have been optimizing your customer mix, you have been driving growth in higher margin more value added product lines and you always have been terrific at optimizing your manufacturing both from, I guess contenting out the material content as well as just enhancing your operational run rates. And none of that seems like its in jeopardy in terms of not being sustained, so I am just wondering, why the commentary about maybe this flattening out or compression of operating margins over the balance of 2016? Thanks.
Mitch Butier: Yes. Chris, so overall, I think the way you have characterized is right and then I will answer your question. We will continue to drive growth in looking to have outsized growth in the high value segments that obviously improves mix. And we have also been talking about instilling more discipline in our less differentiated segments with how we grow and ensuring that its profitable growth there. And our productivity initiatives that is the core strength of ours, we continue to execute on and have consistently done that and we will continue to do that. As far as  if you look at where the margins are in Q1, hence comments we are comping from Q1 where we are expecting it to go forward, you normally have a seasonal reduction in those margins in the second half late in the year. So we just want to highlight that there were some seasonal adjustments. We got the impact of lower  the tapes decline of one customer, which will have an impact. And the  just purely from the purchase prices we have for raw materials and the selling prices, it was a modest benefit. And there was definitely some deflation in North America. And as we have talked about last time, we have actually been adjusting our own prices to our customers in those segments that are impacted the most. So its  we are at peak levels. You dont want to lock on this time you can get to a new level and say, this is something you should baseline your models on and how you are thinking about it. I will tell you our focus here is about growing this business and growing it profitably and continuing to see opportunities for how we can further expand margins, which also fits and this is a great business and a great platform. That links right into to why we are trying to penetrate this space even more aggressively with acquisitions like Mactac.
Christopher John Kapsch: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Scarborough, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to you. Please continue with your closing remarks.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks Pamela. Well, I would just like to say I am excited about the companys future, probably more excited than when I joined more than 33 years ago. And I would also like to say that the course that we have set in late 2011 and then committed to the longer term targets in 2012, its working. And  but there is more to come. I am proud to have been part of making Avery Dennison the leading company that it is. I want to thank the leadership team, our employees, our customers and our suppliers for their creativity and commitment to our success. And I have enjoyed engaging with investors and financial analysts over the years and I really appreciate the relationships that we have built. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you once again. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Cynthia S. Guenther - Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Alex Wang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc. Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Marc Solecitto - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter Full Ended Year. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 9 AM Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, February 6. To access the replay, please dial 1-800-633-8284 or 402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21782905. I would now like to turn the conference over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. You may begin.
Cynthia S. Guenther - Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations: Thank you, Franz, and welcome, everyone. Today, we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited fourth quarter and full year 2015 results as well as our outlook for 2016. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified, and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A-2 to A-5 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor Statement included in today's earnings release. Making formal remarks today will be Dean Scarborough, Chairman and CEO; and Anne Bramman, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mitch Butier, President and Chief Operating Officer, is also with us today to participate in the Q&A portion of the call. And now, I'll turn the call over to Dean.
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Cindy, and good day, everyone. I'm very pleased to report another year of excellent progress toward our long-term goals. We delivered strong organic sales growth and double-digit growth in adjusted earnings per share above the high-end of our original guidance range. We continued our disciplined execution of our long-term capital allocation strategy, yielding free cash flow of over $325 million and more than 3.5-point improvement in return on total capital relative to our 2013 baseline. We also distributed $365 million of cash to shareholders in the form of share buybacks and dividends. Given challenging economic conditions in many parts of the world and significant headwinds from currency translation, these results speak not only to the resilience of our businesses but to the creativity and commitment of our associates worldwide. And I'd really like to thank the team for delivering such a great year. What continues to guide our actions is a drive to achieve our long-term financial objectives, delight our customers, and fully engage our talented workforce. I'm confident that the achievement of these goals will result in continued above-average returns for our shareholders. This past year represented an important milestone for us, as the final year of measurement for the four-year financial targets we first communicated in 2012. I'm very pleased to report that we substantially met or exceeded all of these targets. If you turn to slide 6 of the supplemental materials we distributed today, you can see our final scorecard. On a compound annual basis, sales grew 4% organically and adjusted EPS grew 20%. We came in just slightly under our target for average annual free cash flow due to the onetime impact in 2014 of our decision to reduce the volatility of working capital at year-end. Our balance sheet remains very healthy. While net debt to adjusted EBITDA is still below our long-term target, we'll continue to exercise discipline in the execution of our long-term capital allocation strategy. In May of 2014, we communicated a new set of targets extending our planning horizon to 2018 and raising the bar for both organic sales growth and operating margin. You can see the total company scorecard on slide 7, and if you turn to slide 8, the progress against the long-term targets for our two core segments. As the chart on the left shows, 2015 marked the fourth consecutive year of strong organic growth for Pressure-sensitive materials above the high-end of its long-term target. Performance was solid across all key product segments and regions with above-average growth in targeted higher value segments. While sales growth in emerging markets was slower than usual this year, in the fourth quarter, we gained momentum in Asia. We exceeded our long-term operating margin target by 70 basis points in 2015. The vast majority of PSM's margin expansion last year was driven by productivity and fixed-cost leverage on the strong volume growth. So, we do expect to sustain margin in this segment at 11% or possibly higher. In contrast to the strength in PSM, RBIS has had a slow start against these five-year goals. Growth has been too volatile, and we've been behind on the pace we set for margin expansion. We began executing a new strategy in 2015 to accelerate growth in the core business through a more competitive, faster, and simpler business model. The team made good progress against its financial targets in the second half of the year, delivering both top line growth and margin improvement with particular strength in radio frequency identification products, or RFID. We also saw improvement in the underlying trend for the less-differentiated segments of our core business in the back half of the year. We continue to see significant opportunities for top line growth in this business. RFID, of course, remains a key growth catalyst with a five-year compound annual growth target through 2018 of 15% to 20%-plus. Sales of RFID products increased by more than 20% this year and we expect that momentum to continue through 2016. Likewise, external embellishments grew more than 25% last year. While this category is still a small share of the total business, about $50 million in sales, we expect continued rapid growth of this highly-differentiated, high-value category through 2018. We also expect to gain share in the less-differentiated segments through faster service and a more competitive product offering enabled by our business transformation. In short, I'm confident that our strategic shift will get us back on track to accelerate growth and achieve our operating margin target by 2018. We didn't include Vancive Medical Technologies on slide 8 because of its size, but let me touch quickly on this business. Though small today, Vancive continues to offer potential for sales and profit growth. In 2016, we expect to accelerate growth in Vancive's core product line, as well as in our new antimicrobial wound dressings, while delivering continued margin expansion. Vancive continues to represent one of several very promising opportunities for us to gain share in a fragmented market that offers above-average growth with attractive margins. Returning to the total company view, we remain highly confident in our ability to achieve our long-term financial goal based on our ability to execute against a few key strategies. We will grow through innovation and differentiated quality and service. In particular, global share gain opportunities in Performance Tapes and Graphics, and our leadership position in RFID, will continue to be key catalysts of long-term growth for the company. Emerging markets, while slower in 2015, will continue to be an important part of our growth story over the long-term. Productivity-driven margin improvement has been a hallmark for the company for many years now and will continue to be a major strategic focus. We will drive capital efficiency, while continuing to invest to support growth in the high-value segments of our core businesses. To this end, we anticipate a large increase in capital spending in 2016 compared to last year; partly due to carryover from projects we began in 2015, but also to support our strategy to accelerate growth in high-value segments. On the PSM side, we're investing in capacity to support growth in the Graphics business, while optimizing our manufacturing footprint. We're adding coating capacity in Asia to support still solid growth in that region. And we're investing in information systems to drive supply chain productivity by upgrading systems in our North American Materials business. In RBIS, major investments include capacity additions to support rapid growth of RFID and heat transfer technology, as well as projects to support a more cost-effective footprint. Finally, we will continue to pursue a disciplined approach to returning excess cash to shareholders. Looking to 2016, given the lack of forward visibility in our markets, our guidance reflects a number of significant uncertainties, including emerging market growth, the net impact of deflation in pricing, a challenging environment for apparel retailers and, of course, currency rates. Despite these challenges, we expect to deliver another year of solid progress against our long-term strategic and financial goals in 2016. Adjusting for a roughly $0.18 hit from currency translation, the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guidance reflects a 15% growth rate with further expansion of our return on capital. Our solid free cash flow, combined with a strong balance sheet, gives us ample capacity to invest in our existing businesses while continuing to grow the dividend, repurchase shares and pursue value-enhancing bolt-on acquisitions. From a balance sheet perspective, while below our targeted leverage range today, we'll remain a disciplined investor. In short, we're committed to hitting our 2018 targets, and I remain confident that the consistent execution of our strategies will enable us to meet our long-term goal for superior value creation. Now, I'll turn the call over to Anne.
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Dean, and hello everyone. I'll provide some additional color on the quarter, and then I'll walk you through our outlook for 2016. In Q4, adjusted earnings per share declined 6% compared to the prior year, reflecting an extra week in the 2014 fiscal year, as well as the effect of currency translation. EPS was above our expectations in October due to higher-than-expected sales and a lower tax rate. The lower tax rate contributed $0.06 to the quarter and year. Organic sales growth, which adjusts for the extra week as well as currency translation and a small product line divestiture, was 7% overall and was strong for both core businesses. The impact of currency translation and the extra week were significant. Currency translation reduced reported sales by 8%, while the impact of the extra week represented an additional headwind of approximately 7.5%. Together, these factors had a roughly $0.20 negative impact to EPS compared to last year's fourth quarter. Adjusted operating margin in the fourth quarter improved 60 basis points to 8.7%, as the benefit of productivity initiative more than offset higher employee-related costs. Restructuring savings, net of transition expenses, were $22 million in the quarter and $71 million for the year, in line with our expectations. Our adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 29% and 33% for the full year, better than expected due to the resolution of foreign tax examinations during the quarter. Free cash flow was $138 million in the quarter. For the full year, free cash flow was $329 million, representing 103% conversion of adjusted net income. Combined spending on capital projects and restructuring were roughly in line with our expectations for the year, albeit with a different mix than originally planned. As Dean mentioned, we anticipate a significant increase in capital spending in 2016, partly due to carryover from projects initiated in 2015. Importantly, we have not revised our outlook for cumulative investments in capital and restructuring through 2018. As Dean indicated, we are committed to returning cash to shareholders. We repurchased 3.9 million shares in 2015 at a cost of $232 million and paid $133 million in dividends. We ended the year with roughly 91.7 million shares outstanding, including dilution, representing a 700,000 share decline compared to the end of 2014. We did pick up the pace of share buyback in the fourth quarter in part to cover above-average dilution resulting from the rapid rise in our stock price over the course of the year. We have sufficient debt capacity to continue to our share buyback program in a disciplined manner. Now, looking at the segments. Pressure-sensitive materials sales in the fourth quarter were up approximately 7% on an organic basis, above expectations due to volume improvement in emerging markets, particularly in China. Sales in both Label and Packaging Materials and combined Graphics and Performance Tapes increased mid-single-digits organically. On a regional basis, sales in North America increased at a low-single-digit rate, while Western Europe was up mid-single-digits. As Dean mentioned, organic sales growth in emerging markets picked up in the fourth quarter. China was up mid-single-digits, a meaningful improvement from the low-single-digit pace we've seen in the country over the previous five quarters. We saw a surge in demand for e-commerce labels as well as continued momentum in specialty products. Both India and the ASEAN regions continued to be strong, posting double-digit organic growth rates for the quarter. PSM's adjusted operator margin increased by 40 basis points to 11%, as the impact of productivity initiatives more than offset higher employee-related costs. Given the headwind from the extra week last year, higher volume did not contribute materially to margin expansion as it had done in the previous three quarters. Similar to the past couple of quarters, we experienced a modest benefit from deflation, net of price. This benefit tends to net out over the long term, so it is reasonable to assume that we'll see some offset to these gains over a full business cycle. Switching over to RBIS, sales increased by approximately 8% on an organic basis with significant contributions from both RFID products and external embellishments. Consistent with recent quarters, sales growth among U.S.-based retailers and brand owners outpaced their European counterparts. Adjusting for the impact of RFID sales, we, once again, saw strong growth in the Performance segment globally. And the underlying trend for the less differentiated segments improved, a positive sign that we're beginning to gain traction with our strategy change. Adjusted operating margin improved 160 basis points to 8.4% as the impact of productivity initiatives more than offset higher employee-related costs. Sales in Vancive Medical Technologies declined by 13% on an organic basis, due in part to difficult comparisons against the prior year related to a shift in orders from the third to the fourth quarter in 2014. As we said before, given the applications-specific nature of orders in this business, we do expect sales growth to be somewhat volatile quarter-to-quarter. The business was profitable for the quarter in line with expectations. Turning now to our outlook for consolidated top line growth and earnings in 2016. We anticipate adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.65 to $3.85. We had outlined some of the key contributing factors to this guidance on slide 13 of our supplemental presentation material. We estimate between 3% and 4.5% organic sales growth. Included in this estimate is an assumed slowdown of the 2015 pace of growth for PSM due largely to the loss of a large customer program in the personal care sector of the Performance Tapes business. Changes to the customers' technology drove the decision to bring this program to a close. The program loss represents a roughly 1 point headwind to PSM's growth in 2016, largely impacting the second half of the year. Note that while the total Performance Tapes business will show a decline in sales on an organic basis in 2016, we continue to expect high-single-digit growth for the industrial side of the business, reflecting progress against our share gain strategy in this high value segment. At recent exchange rates, we estimate that currency translation will reduce net sales by approximately 3.5%, representing a pre-tax earnings headwind of approximately $25 million or roughly $0.18 per share. We estimate the incremental pre-tax savings from restructuring actions will contribute roughly $75 million in 2016, about a third of which represents the carryover benefit from actions taken in 2015. Approximately two-thirds of the total savings relates to actions taken in RBIS to drive a more competitive business model. Combined with the other cost reductions and the anticipated benefit of volume growth, we expect these actions will more than offset pricing adjustments and inflationary pressures in the business, getting us back on the trajectory needed to meet our 2018 adjusted operating margins at 10% to 11%. We continue to expect the tax rate in the low- to mid-30% range. We estimate average shares outstanding assuming dilution of roughly 90 million shares, reflecting our continued return of cash to shareholders. We anticipate significantly higher than usual adjustments to GAAP net income this year due to non-cash charges associated with the lump sum settlement of certain pension obligations. This relates to an offer we made to former employees to receive their benefits immediately, as either a lump sum payment or an annuity, rather than waiting until they become retirement-eligible. The purpose of this program is to reduce the financial volatility associated with our frozen defined benefit plan. You can pick up more details in today's press release, but the short story is that we reduced our pension liability by about $70 million with no increase in required cash contributions to the plan. We anticipate spending approximately $200 million on fixed capital and IT projects in 2016 and expect to incur about $25 million in cash restructuring charges which together represent a $20 million increase over our level of spending last year. In light of the higher CapEx spending, we expect free cash flow conversion of roughly 100% of adjusted net income. We do, however, continue to expect cumulative free cash flow conversions over the coming years to exceed 100%. Importantly, while the continued currency headwinds pull our 2016 EPS growth rate below our long-term target, our guidance for the year is consistent with the progress, we believe, is necessary to achieve our key long-term financial targets. In summary, we delivered another quarter and year of solid earnings per share growth despite a number of challenges. Our two market-leading core businesses are well positioned for profitable growth, which, combined with our continued focus on productivity and capital discipline, enable us to expand margins and increase returns and achieve our 2018 targets. Now, we'll open the call up for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey, guys. Good morning. Maybe just, first off, on the macro. Obviously, you sell into many different end-markets on a global basis. Can you just, first off, give us your view of what the global macro looks like from Avery's perspective, the U.S., Europe, Latin America, and also, Asia?
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Ghansham, this is Dean. Hi. Yeah, it's always hard to put ourselves in that position given our lack of forward visibility. I think, last year, we experienced reasonably strong growth in Europe, again, probably a little bit better than our expectations, but I kind of relate that back to reasonable amount of consumer spending there. The U.S. was not as strong as Europe, but stronger than we expected going into the year. So, I would say those two economies are relatively stable. I don't think any big  we're not expecting any big surprises in mature markets and feel good about the economies there and prospects. Latin America's been a challenge, but also good for us. I would say, because we're a stable player in the region. We've been able to protect our dollar-based profits in that region through a lot of price increases given the challenges there. And then, Asia has been strong. India, ASEAN, very strong throughout the year. And China was the one area where I think we were continuously disappointed in for the last  well, four of the last five quarters. Our hypothesis is that inventories in that market were kind of full. And we had customers telling us anecdotally that they just didn't have the sales. We did see some shift in that trend. But we also are tapping into a pretty high growth area in China, something called the logistics label. It's a little more sophisticated than a barcode label. But, fundamentally, its growth driver is the rapid acceleration of online ordering and having things delivered to your home much as we do here in the U.S. So, in the long run, we're still bullish on China because the Materials business there is really linked to consumer spending, and as that economy begins to shift to a more services-based and consumer spending model, that should bode well for us in the long term. However, I wouldn't be surprised if we see continued volatility in China. But I don't have any specific note on that.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. No, that's helpful. And then on RBIS, it sounds like RFID sort of came in ahead of your expectations for 4Q specifically. Was there any sort of new contract that drove upside for the quarter? Was that a comps issue? Just trying to understand if there's actually a change in the momentum trajectory as it has been over the last few quarters?
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So a couple of our customers did accelerate their programs. And as I had said last spring, I noticed a big change in mentality from retailers that I hadn't seen before. And I would say almost every major retailer is in some stage of piloting right now certainly in the U.S. We also saw some nice growth from European retailers at the same time in the quarter. So I anticipate we're going to go through a period of time where we will continue to see accelerated growth above that 15% to 20%. That's why we added the plus to the 20%. Mitch was just at the National Retail Federation Show. So, Mitch, maybe you have some insights on there as well.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Well, it just really reinforces what we've said before when you started talking about in the last spring, Dean. So a lot of discussion around RFID. And I'd say every retailer we talk to and brand, the big discussion is, again, not really if, but when and how they're going to adopt RFID. And the team has done a phenomenal job; our team. We are the recognized leaders within the space and not just what we provide, but actually helping retailers and brands adopt the new technology.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Perfect. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may proceed.
Alex Wang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Morning. It's actually Alex Wang sitting in for George. Thanks for taking our question. First question, can you just remind us, in RBIS, how much DNA rolls off, I believe, related to accounting from a few years ago? And when the timing of that  how that progresses?
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So good morning. So really we're going to see the biggest benefit coming through in 2017. It's modest in 2016. It's around $4 million to $5 million. But you should see that ramp up starting 2017.
Alex Wang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Understood. And just as a follow-on, I know you mentioned in the slide deck relatively immaterial, but you spoke or alluded to some product line divestitures. If you could just provide some color around that that'd be helpful. Thank you.
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So we had a very small product line divestiture back in the spring timeframe in Europe. So it was in the RBIS segment, and it was  very duly impact EBIT on very small sales dollars.
Alex Wang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I'll jump back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Scott.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Morning.
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hi, Scott.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Just looking at the CapEx for a minute, the $200 million, Dean. I think you mentioned some growth projects as the main reason why the CapEx is ramping up year-over-year. Can you talk about those projects and why the investment in 2016?
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. So I think, typically, the way we'd characterize our CapEx is a third growth, a third productivity, a third IT maintenance capital. And actually it's going to move to about 50% of growth capital spending. We started a number of projects later in the year. We need some new Graphics capacity in the U.S. So we're going to be investing in some new capability there. We're also going to get a productivity benefit from that investment. It's going to take us a while to play it out. It's a fairly decent size investment. We need new coating capacity in Asia, and so we're going to be in the process of building a new water-based coating line there. And then we've got some IT projects in North America. We've got a fairly old system in the U.S. that we're going to upgrade and replace. So those are some of the key investments in pressure-sensitive materials. In RBIS, clearly, RFID with its rapid growth, we're continuing to invest there as well with some of the heat transfer technology. We also are spending some capital on automation in that business to continue to drive better labor productivity. It's a more labor-intense business than Materials, as well as to help us facilitate a more efficient footprint.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And the return on invested capital on these projects, what are return on total capital, how do you kind of look at it?
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well above our hurdle rate.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then, Dean, on pressure-sensitive materials, I think, if I heard you correctly, the long-term operating margin target was 11%. And then...
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Or greater.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Or greater. I think if I have the number right, we were up well above that in 2015. And then I think Anne mentioned some raw material price cost benefits in 2015 and then the comment was around over the business cycle expect that to normalize. So as we move to 2016, how difficult is it to get margins up in pressure-sensitive materials in 2016 given that commentary?
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think, as you might guess, most operating plans for businesses always look for improvement every single year. So, we're not really different than anybody else. So, we're not going to give specific guidance for operating margins by segment. I think the team has done a good job driving mix, growing faster in high-value segments, and at the same time, getting more competitive in some of the more competitive segments frankly, and driving improvement there. For us, Pressure-sensitive materials is a high-return business. It is at a multiple of our cost of capital. And driving growth, top line growth is also an important goal for us. So, I feel good about the position of the business. And, again, it's  right now with oil prices low, I know a lot of people are saying, well, that should really help you. And, to be honest, we haven't seen that much change in the commodities we buy over the last 90 days to 120 days. As you know, a lot of the things we buy are several steps down from crude oil. And then there's still some economies where we're seeing inflation. So, I think the team has done a good job. We're going to continue to pursue our strategy of driving productivity, driving top line growth and mix. And we have the expectation to continue to drive for more improvement. Those targets that we have that we had set for 2018 are not a cap. They're simply a long-term sort of guidance range, but we feel confident today that we can operate at 11% or over.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Well, congrats on the quarter, but more importantly, congratulations on hitting the targets from 2012 to 2015. Not that many companies put out these long-term targets and actually hit the numbers, and you guys did a great job. So, good luck on the next five-year plan.
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning.
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Regarding the organic sales growth guidance, you referenced the loss of a large customer in PSM. Understanding that you may be limited in what you can say, can you help us understand, is that customer going to a different technology or a different  to a competitor, or are there any read-throughs for the rest of your business? Or if you can give us any color there, it would be helpful.
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead, Mitch.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. So, Anthony, I'll answer the last part of your question first. There's no knock-on effects or implications to the rest of the business in PSM. This is specifically within the Performance Tapes business, which is an application business. And one application is not losing share, if you will, to another competitor. There's a technology change in the handset. So, our focus when we've talked about investing in this business, it's really been the focus on the industrial tapes side where we did continue to see growth in Q4 and it's going to be a key focus for us going forward. So, we look at this as an application we got a few years ago, team did a great job in driving value in achieving our objectives on this application and we knew eventually we'd have a sunset and it's coming in 2016.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up on Scott's question on PSM margins. I guess last year you saw PSM margins up 150 basis points. Is it possible to bucket that roughly between productivity versus variable flow-through on volumes versus price cost? And then thinking about PSM margins in 2016 maybe potentially being down a bit kind of asking the same question backwards, where are you giving up the margin versus productivity, volumes, price cost?
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So, when we look at PSM for 2015, by and large by a multiple of two times to three times the benefit in margin came from net productivity and restructuring. So that really was driving the margin improvement that we saw for the year.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: And your question going into 2016, when we laid out this business, if you look at 2012 when we laid out long-term targets, we said 9% to 10% operating margin target. We passed and exceeded that. We've now set 10% to 11% as the operating margin for this business. And it's really, what we've said, is those are proxies for what would make a high return on capital business here. And that is our focus. And we've been testing and getting achieving new heights. And we don't, as Dean said earlier, see this as a cap in any way. We all have operating plans to look to see how do we test this to even further new heights. But the reason that we're saying we're confident we can hold the 11% or more in this business is, one, we feel that's a very high return business, we've got to continue to focus on growing it then as we've done a great job over the last few years. And two, just macro uncertainty as far as what's out there within the economy and all the headlines everybody's reading.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. You may proceed.
Marc Solecitto - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. It's actually Marc Solecitto on for Adam. Thanks for taking our questions.
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Marc Solecitto - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: First question we had, you're projecting a modest slowdown in organic growth. I know you talked about the customer loss in your tapes business, but were there any other factors in that modest slowdown?
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, there really wasn't. That was a component when we looked at the total guidance.
Marc Solecitto - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And second question, as far as FX rates, what FX rates are you assuming in your 2016 guidance?
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, right now, we've got the euro pegged slightly under $1.09.
Marc Solecitto - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. How are you?
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: How large is your RFID business now?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: About $150 million in 2015.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: In the RBIS segment, you took about a $16 million charge. Where is that geographically? That is, what part of the RBIS operation are you restructuring? And can you describe that a little bit more closely?
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, the charge is primarily in the SG&A line. There is a portion that goes through the gross profit line. But I would say it's probably an 80-20, 75% to 80% going through SG&A. There's a number of initiatives going on. First, there's a footprint  we're looking at footprint consolidation to get efficiency in the business. And then, secondly, we also, as we've talked about in the prior quarter, looking at driving more efficiency in the regional basis, getting out some of the layers of management in the business. And so, that's a big component of the SG&A line as well.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. So just to add on to that, Jeff, so the footprint consolidations Anne talked about, we've announced in Eastern U.S. as well as Western Europe. And then, one of the overall objectives here is to lower costs so we can be more competitive in all segments. And so, we're cutting SG&A across the board, if you will, on a number of areas. But it's not just about lowering costs, it's actually about streamlining the management structure to move decision points closer to the customer and close to market, so we can be faster and more nimble in the market. So, that's what we're doing. So, the SG&A is kind of broad-based. But it's, again, not just around cost reduction, it's also around getting quicker in the marketplace.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And could you talk a little bit about Pressure-sensitive Material pricing trends? Are prices up year-over-year or down or up a little bit or down a little bit?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: We're talking about this generally on a net basis. So, when you look at the net impact of pricing and deflation, as we've commented, we saw modest benefits in Q4 again, as we've seen in the previous couple of quarters. If you look at kind of where we fit now flowing into 2016, it's essentially neutral, the net impact between pricing and raw materials. And it's hard to give a very broad comment on those trends globally because it depend region by region. And some regions were raising prices quite dramatically, double-digits, to offset inflation. Other regions, clearly, in some regions we have some big deflation and it's a competitive environment. And we're working through that. One thing I do want to say is we talked last year about a couple of course corrections we're making and one of them was rebalancing the dynamics between price volume and mix within PSM. I think, largely, what you're seeing is, we've done a good job of doing that of rebalancing those dynamics. And we talked about getting more disciplined in the less differentiated segments within PSM, and we've done that as well. And the focus is how do we continue to drive growth profitably across all the segments?
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I mean, not on a net basis. On an absolute basis, how are your local prices?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: We don't provide commentary on that.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. How much did you contribute to your pension plan this year?
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: We didn't make any contributions to the plan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Is there any inflation in paper prices in PSM?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: We're seeing some pressure in Europe, generally because of the currency shifts that you're seeing there, but that's the only place we're really seeing pressure.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: The last question is, once you get through the big spending in 2016 on capital, what happens in 2017? Where is your more normalized level of CapEx?
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So when you look at our long-term goals, we've really had set the target of around $175 million to $200 million a year for CapEx spending...
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Anne L. Bramman - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: ...on average. Yeah.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Kapsch with BB&T Capital Markets. You may proceed.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Yeah. Good morning. I had a follow-up on the margin discussion in pressure-sensitive. I think your formal comments were that despite the organic volume growth that that did not benefit mix because of the absence of the week of sales. And I'm just trying to understand why that would matter. And also if there's some mix effect here maybe becoming more pronounced on a seasonal basis with the e-commerce sort of being concentrated in the December quarter. Is there any adverse effect from stronger demand in e-commerce related labels on mix in this quarter? And if so, would that inflect starting in the first quarter?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yes. So there are several questions in there. So let me try to take a couple of them. So one is if you look at our margins, you asked about the 53rd week impact and what's the variable flow-through from volume. So we did see what you'd typically expect from a volume flow-through from the growth. But if you think about the lack of the extra week that we had, that was pure variable flow-through from (43:47) last year. And we commented about the benefit that it gave us to 2014 earnings, and we expect it to come back down more than $0.10 in Q4. So that's...
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: There's more shipping days than really just running the coaters. Got it, okay.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: And you've got your fixed cost structure which stays solid for the quarter, and you've got an extra shipping week. So that was what that item's about. But no shift on the volume variable flow-through. So that's what that is. As far as the mix, so typically Q4, the mix is lower if you're looking sequentially versus Q2, Q3, because we have more Graphics sales, for example, in Q2, Q3 than we have in Q4. So you would typically see Q4 be somewhat lower than if you're looking on a sequential basis. And as far as the...
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Is that  yeah.
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: Go ahead.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Is that mix shift becoming more pronounced as e-commerce just continues to boom?
Mitchell R. Butier - President & Chief Operating Officer: No, because those are very different markets. Graphics are more for the durables markets. So long-lived labels, if you will. So nothing to do with the e-commerce trends. And then the e-commerce we talked about what the key points of growth, particularly in Asia, and that is, well, it's not just classic variable information labels like Dean said earlier. And actually, within China, with this growth that we've achieved, we've actually gotten margins back to where they were before the slip (45:23) we saw in 2014.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And if I could follow up also just on, sort of, capital allocation and notwithstanding your continued healthy return of capital to shareholders, you have a good problem here, you're below your targeted leverage, it's a function of EBITDA growth as well as your continued just strong free cash flow generation. But it sounds like you do have more of an appetite because of this situation for bolt-on acquisitions. And I just want to understand like the nature of potential target. Is it still focused in the Graphics and Tapes portion of PSM or would there also be potential bolt-ons, say, to augment your RFID platform or even in Vancive Medical?
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So I would say, yes, we have an active pipeline going for M&A. We talked about it. And I would say it definitely includes the Materials businesses, all the Materials businesses. Vancive is also an area that we are looking in. RFID is an interesting question. I would say the answer is yes, but I would say there's not just a lot out there. We're one of the biggest entities out there for RFID. And really our focus there, other than driving the great growth that we had, is looking for applications outside of a core apparel business because we have a really unique capability in the marketplace. And I think in the long run that will bode well.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: And if I could just follow-up on that point, on your unique capability, and you have sort of a turnkey approach to retailers I think that are adopting RFID and you mentioned capital investment in that businesses. Is the investment you're making sort of upstream like an inlay capability, or is it more downstream perhaps to augment the part of the turnkey solution that you're offering those retail customers? Thanks.
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Chris, most of that  I mean, from a capital point of view it's basically in the equipment to make not  if what I would characterize as integrated inlays. One of the advantages that we have is being able to offer the retailer form factors that are very similar to what they use today; and it makes the incremental cost of adopting RFID even lower than it was before. So I think the team has been very innovative and creative driving both lower cost for inlay production, but also, at the same time, giving the retailer almost a seamless and lower cost transition. So we're really kind of changing the game there. We have invested a little more in the front-end, but that's actually been in place for quite a while. And we have a really experienced team that understands  I would say, we don't have so much a turnkey approach, I think we have probably the most knowledge in the business on how to effectively execute a program when we can help guide retailers in a number of areas as they rollout their programs.
Christopher J. Kapsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks for the context.
Operator: Our last question is a follow-up from the line of Scott Gaffner from Barclays. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Just a couple of quick follow-ups. On the RFID acceleration, you mentioned, Dean, can you just walk us through that a little bit? I mean, was there anything in the fourth quarter? I mean, obviously, when we look at the retail data, e-commerce grew a lot faster than brick-and-mortar. I mean, did the pace of inquiries increased in 4Q or is this just been a steady increase throughout the year around interest in RFID?
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would characterize it this way; the folks that have invested in RFID are accelerating what they're doing. So, we had a couple of large customers ask us, can we go even faster? I think the team did a great job of accommodating that pretty seamlessly. I mean our growth in the quarter was almost 90%. I mean that's a lot for any operations and supply chain team to execute. And as retailers continue to understand the need for really accurate inventories to play in the omni-channel world, I think it's becoming  I won't say a no-brainer, but it's becoming an essential part of being competitive. And that's the discussion that's going on. And so, retailers are talking mainly about how and not if. So, I think this will be a great growth platform for us for the next few years.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And how do you see your ability to continue to reduce the cost structure in the business as RFID grows? I mean, can you take a significant cost out of the chips or where would the cost savings come from, I guess, maybe is a better question as you ramp this business up?
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It comes from a combination, so it's sort of all what I would characterize as all levels, right? We have scale in purchasing chips. We have an ability to integrate the manufacturing of the antenna, the making of the inlay and integrating that into the final tag in a seamless process, which reduces materials and reduces process steps. I would literally just in Asia a couple of weeks ago looking at our operations and talking to the team and they've already figured out a way to double the productivity that we're getting on our newly installed equipment. So, I get pretty excited about that. And so far, I don't see a limit to what we're doing. We also have some longer-term programs, and I mean, in the next two years to four years where I do think we  there is an ability to take another step change in the cost reduction of an inlay, but I can't, due to confidentiality, get into the details. But we're all-in on this business and I feel really good about both our short-term and our long-term prospects.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks again.
Operator: And Mr. Scarborough, there are no further questions at this time. I'll return the call back to you for your closing remarks.
Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Franz. Well, our focus in 2016 will be the same as it's been for the last four years to deliver exceptional value for customers, our employees, and our shareholders. We're going to continue to pursue the broad strategic priorities that we've communicated, fine-tuning where appropriate, and we look forward to seeing that strategy and execution translate into superior total shareholder return over the long term. So, thanks for joining us, and we'll talk to you at the end of the next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation today. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Cynthia Guenther - Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations Dean Scarborough - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Anne Bramman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Senior Vice President Mitch Butier - President, Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Shloka Mehta - JPMorgan Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital Mehul Dalia - Robert W. Baird & Co. Adam Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets Chris Kapsch - BB&T Capital Market Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Welcome to Avery Dennison's earnings conference call for the third quarter ended October 3, 2015. This call is being recorded and it will be available for replay from 9:00 A.M. Pacific time through midnight Pacific time November 1. To access the replay please dial 800-633-8284 or 402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21734747. I would now like to turn the call over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Cynthia Guenther: Thank you. Today we will discuss our preliminary unaudited third quarter results. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use for the quarter are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A-2 to A-4 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor Statement included in today's earnings release. Making formal remarks today will be Dean Scarborough, Chairman and CEO and Anne Bramman, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mitch Butier, President and Chief Operating Officer is also with us today to participate in the Q&A portion of the call. And now I will turn the call over to Dean.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks, Cindy and good day, everyone. We are again pleased to report another solid quarter of progress against our long-term financial objectives. We grew sales 5% on an organic basis, expanded our adjusted operating margin by 140 basis points and delivered double-digit growth in adjusted earnings per share and year-to-date we have generated nearly $200 million of free cash flow. The pressure-sensitive materials business once again delivered strong results on all fronts. And retail branding and information solutions is making good progress, both financially and strategically, delivering solid top growth and market expansion while charting a new path forward to drive long-term sustainable growth and improve its competitive position in the less differentiated segments of the market. We also made a key strategic decision impacting the course for Vancive, our medical technology business, positioning ourselves for improved profitability in this important growth market. So let's dive a little deeper in to each of the segments. As I said, pressure-sensitive materials had another strong quarter achieving organic sales growth of 5% at the high-end of our long-term range. Organic growth was positive in all major geographies, with mid single digit growth in both developed economies as well as in emerging markets taken as a whole. Our customers and end users look to us to bring innovation to this industry and our leadership in doing so continues to drive top line performance. One of my favorite ways to experience that firsthand is by attending Labelexpo, the labeling industry's annual trade show, which took place in Brussels last month. The focus of our innovations on display this year was clustered around themes that matter the most to our customers, productivity, shelf appeal and sustainability. We continue to benefit from growth in higher value market segments, which has been a key strategic focus for us. For example, global sales of specialty products for label applications, both paper and film, grew more than 10% organically. But we are also growing within the less differentiated product lines driving cross-sell and managing pricing to improve profitability. In short, the strategic course correction that we initiated last year to rebalance the price, volume and mix dynamics in pressure-sensitive materials is working. We have been at or above the high end of our long-term target range for organic sales growth for the past two quarters. And that growth, combined with ongoing productivity and a favorable raw material environment, is driving record operating margins. We will continue to execute this strategy, leveraging our strengths in innovation, quality and service across the entire portfolio. So let's turn to retail branding and information solutions. While we are the clear leader in the apparel labeling market, the business has faced a number of challenges over the past few years. In particular, sales growth has been volatile. And while we have been improving the operating margin each year in the business, we fell behind on the trajectory needed to achieve our 2018 targets. So we are adjusting course. I am happy to report that we showed financial progress in the third quarter delivering solid organic sales growth and margin expansion. More important though, we began laying the strategic foundation to ensure we achieve our long-term financial goals for this business, including an operating margin in the range of 10% to 11% by 2018. Execution of this strategy will help us get back on track to achieve these goals, while funding the investment needed to drive sustainable growth. We continue to win in the higher value segments of the business. Performance athletic is a good example where growth has been consistently strong, better than 15% annually over the past couple of years. We are taking share in this important segment of the market, leveraging the full breadth of our solutions including RFID and external embellishments. Our success here is based on strategic partnerships with customers who value our innovation, design capabilities and global reach. And RFID can be used to deliver. Sales of RFID products grew by more than 20% in the third quarter. As a reminder, RFID sales were down in the first half of this year, reflecting the timing of various rollouts. We continue to expect sales to be up about 15% for the full year. We expect this momentum to continue over the next few years. Fewer than 10% of apparel units are being labeled with RFID tags today and more retailers are adopting the technology. We expect that market demand will roughly double in size by 2018 and that we will maintain a leadership position in this market. While we are very pleased with the success that we have had with high value segments, we have not been meeting the needs of many customers in the less differentiated segments. In these categories, which represent a majority of the total market, we have lost share to leaner and more nimble competitors. Customers of these products make more of their buying decisions locally and they are willing to make trade-offs to achieve their objectives, for example, substituting locally sourced raw materials for the global standard. These customers prioritize speed of service in times of both times to quote a new order and the order to ship cycle as well as competitive pricing. For us to thrive, we must transform ourselves to be more competitive, faster and simpler, so that we win with all customers and across all segments. To achieve these objectives, we have developed a new multiyear plan focused on accelerating growth through a more regionally driven business model. We are simplifying our go-to-market strategy on the basis of customer behaviors and needs. At the same time, we are streamlining decision making and eliminating management lairs while further consolidating our manufacturing footprint to reduce costs across the entire business. Besides reducing overall fixed cost, the new business model will allow us to more easily scale resources up and down based on value to the customer. It will bring product expertise closer to the customer and it will include a delivery model that supports industry leading speed of service. In short, we will build on our strong set of sustainable competitive advantages enabling continued industry leadership. We will continue to leverage on a global network to support all segments with consistent quality and superior service. We will continue to drive innovation with our proven core competencies in printing, weaving and data management. And we will leverage our leadership position in RFID to build partnerships and grow share within the core business. Now I will just touch on Vancive before turning the call over to Anne. As most of you know, we have been investing in two new growth platforms which, while constraining profitability in this segment over the past couple years, have offered the potential for significant long-term value creation. We have made very good progress achieving our strategic milestones for one of these two platforms, a range of unique antimicrobial dressings that significantly improve patient care. The second growth platform, wearable sensors, has not met our expectations. Based on a disciplined milestone measurement process and after considering a few strategic alternatives, we made the decision this past quarter to shut down this venture. The business is now above break even and we expect further margin expansion in 2016 with an acceleration of the growth trajectory. Vancive continues to represent one of several very promising opportunities for us to gain share in a pragmatic market that has above average growth with attractive margins. In sum, I am confident in our ability to achieve our long-term financial targets through 2018, adjusting course as needed to deliver double digit EPS growth and top quartile return on total capital. We continue to deliver strong free cash flow. Combined with a strong balance sheet, this gives us ample capacity to invest in our existing businesses while continuing to grow the dividend, repurchase shares and pursue value enhancing bolt-on acquisitions. We remain committed to returning the majority of our cumulative free cash flow to shareholders over the long term. From a balance sheet perspective, while below our targeted leverage range today, we will remain a disciplined investor. Now I will turn the call over to Anne.
Anne Bramman: Thanks, Dean and hello, everyone. I will provide some additional color on the financial results for the company and segments. In Q3, we delivered a 13% increase in adjusted earnings per share on 5% organic sales growth. Currency translation reduced reported sales by 9.5% with an approximately $0.09 impact to EPS. Adjusted operating margin in the third quarter improved 140 basis points to 9.4% as the benefit of productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset higher employee related expenses. We realized about $21 million of incremental savings from restructuring costs, net of transition expenses. The adjusted tax rate was 34% consistent with the anticipated full year tax rate in the low to mid 30% range. Free cash flow was $85 million, a decline of $68 million compared to last year's third quarter, due largely to the timing of working capital changes at quarter-end. Year-to-date, we have delivered nearly $200 million of free cash flow. In the first nine months, we repurchased 1.9 million shares at a cost of $109 million and paid $100 million in dividends. As Dean indicated, we are committed to returning cash to shareholders and have sufficient capacity to continue our share buyback program. Consistent with our stated philosophy and strategy, we continue to be disciplined and opportunistic with share repurchases, buying relatively more when the share price dips and relatively less when the share price is higher. Now looking at the segments. Pressure sensitive material sales were up approximately 5% on an organic basis. Label and packaging material sales were up mid single digits as were the combined sales for performance shapes and graphics. On a regional basis, North America and Western Europe were both up mid single digits, benefiting from above average growth in graphics and continued solid growth in labeling materials. Organic growth from emerging markets continued to be relatively slow, up mid single digits, reflecting ongoing softness in China and Eastern Europe. PSM's adjusted operating margin increased by nearly two full points compared to last year. As we saw last quarter, the improvement was driven by productivity, including continued material re-engineering and restructuring savings, as well as fixed cost leverage from strong volume growth and the benefit of approved product mix. We also saw net benefit from price and raw material input cost as we continued to reinforce our pricing discipline, particularly in the less differentiated segments of the market. Looking sequentially, the net change from pricing and raw material input cost was negligible as expected. Retail branding and information solution sales increased by approximately 4% on an organic basis with significant contributions from sales of RFID products and external embellishments. Sales growth among U.S. based retailers and brand owners outpaced their European counterparts. Once again, we saw strong growth in the performance segment globally while we continue to see a decline in sales for the less differentiated segments. Adjusted operating margin improved by 120 basis points to 7.9% as the impact of productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset higher employee related costs. As Dean mentioned, the strategic changes underway in RBIS will enable the business to be more competitive in the less differentiated segments of the market, facilitating the achievement of our previously communicated long term financial target for both growth and margin expansion. Specifically, organizational restructuring and other actions associated with the new strategy combined with actions taken earlier this year are expected to yield approximately $60 million of pre-tax savings net of transition cost in 2016. Combined with the anticipated benefit of volume growth, we expect these savings will more than offset pricing adjustments and inflationary pressures in the business, getting us back on the trajectory needed to meet our 2018 adjusted operating margin target of 10% to 11%. Sales in Vancive Medical Technologies increased by about 3% on an organic basis. As we have indicated before, given the application specific nature of orders in this business, we do expect sales growth to be somewhat choppy quarter-to-quarter. The segment delivered a small operating profit for the quarter representing a roughly $3 million improvement over last year's losses. This profit improvement reflects operational gains in the base business combined with the reduction of spending related to wearable sensors venture that we mentioned. Turning now to our full year outlook for the company. We have raised our estimate for organic sales growth modestly to roughly 4%, reflecting the continued strength of PSM and improvement in RBIS. In terms of adjusted EPS guidance, we have narrowed our previous range while maintaining the midpoint as we expect modestly improved operating performance in the third and fourth quarters will be offset by incrementally unfavourable impacts from currency movements. Keep in mind that we normally have a sequentially weaker fourth quarter due to typical seasonality driven by the number of holidays and generally weaker product mix within the PSM segment. Comparison to the prior year is significantly distorted by the extra week in the fourth quarter of last year and the associated shift in the calendar. We outlined some of the key contributing factors to our guidance on slide eight of our supplemental presentation materials. Several of the assumptions underlying our previous guidance have changed modestly, specifically for the full year. At recent exchange rates, we estimate that currency translation will reduce net sales by approximately 8.5% with a roughly $52 million impact to pre-tax earnings or $0.37 to EPS. As mentioned, we expect organic growth for the year to be roughly 4%, up slightly from our previous assumption. Incremental pre-tax savings from restructuring actions will total over $70 million in 2015. The actions taken this year are expected to drive carry-over savings into 2016 totaling roughly $75 million. We now estimate average shares outstanding at the high end of our previous range and we have increased our estimate for pre-tax cash restructuring charges by approximately $10 million as a result of further cost reduction actions planned as part of the business model transformation underway within RBIS. This raises our estimate for restructuring cost and other items by $0.07 to $0.15 per share. Summing up, we delivered another good quarter and remain on track to achieve our 2015 and 2018 target. Now we will open the call up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities Incorporated. Please go ahead with your question.
Shloka Mehta: Good morning. It's Shloka, for Jeff. How are you?
Dean Scarborough: Hi Shloka.
Shloka Mehta: If we look at your pressure sensitive growth this quarter, it was like 5%. I don't know, last quarter it was like 6%. And looking at the growth rate that your competitor reported a few days ago, those are relatively high numbers. And there's a lot of growth Northern Europe it seems and I was wondering what you attribute that to? And whether you think that's a reasonable rate over the next couple quarters.
Dean Scarborough: Shloka, hi. This is Dean. One of the tough things in the comparison, we obviously watch our competitors when they report numbers, is that we don't know if that number is currency adjusted or not. They don't report organic sales growth. So that's a little bit tricky for us to dissect their numbers. It's always tough to call what the next couple of quarters look like in pressure sensitive materials because as you know we ship out about 80% of our products within two days or less. But our goal is to continue to drive growth in the business at that 4% to 5% range over the long haul and we are obviously feeling pretty good about this year. It did come a little differently in terms of really solid growth in mature markets with some slowdown in emerging markets.
Shloka Mehta: Okay. In terms of cost reductions, will the majority of the cost reductions appear in your gross margin line? Or do you think it will show up as reduction SG&A? How do you think it will be represented in your income statement?
Anne Bramman: So for 2015, two-thirds of that will show up in the SG&A line.
Shloka Mehta: Okay. Like I would have thought the SG&A reductions would have been even larger if that's true, given that there are probably also currency benefits that you would see.
Anne Bramman: So the currency is a benefit for SG&A and it's one of the largest pieces. If you look at the year-over-year, there's some favorability in SG&A and currency is the largest driver of the favorability.
Shloka Mehta: Okay. Can you quantify how much the currency benefit may have been for the year or for the quarter on the SG&A line?
Anne Bramman: On the SG&A line, it was worth about, on a pre-tax basis, it was about $17 million.
Shloka Mehta: For the quarter or for the year-to-date?
Anne Bramman: Yes. For the quarter.
Shloka Mehta: That's helpful. And lastly, I was wondering if I look at the restructuring charges taken this year, I was wondering what the remaining cash outlays may be? Is it like a couple million have been reserved. What's still left to be paid out?
Anne Bramman: So generally that gets paid out over a couple of months or quarter time. So a little bit of a lag but in general for our free cash flow it shouldn't be an issue. We are still going to deliver for the year 100% plus conversion of income.
Shloka Mehta: Okay. I will follow up on that separately. Thanks very much. I will get back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Scott Gaffner: Thanks. Good morning.
Dean Scarborough: Hi, Scott.
Anne Bramman: Good morning.
Scott Gaffner: Hi, Dean. Hi, everybody. Just following up on pressure sensitive materials there for a minute. I realize you don't have a lot of forward visibility, but Dean you did talk about better growth in the mature markets, weaker in the emerging market. How is that? Because I think there's a lot of investors that I have talked to that have had some concerns around the growth in emerging markets with a lot of the PSM business coming from the growth in the middle class. Is there something you are seeing as far as your customers pulling back on their ability to grow that business and then in the develop markets where are you seeing that? Is it on the variable information side of the market or within the packaged goods? How can we think about that a little bit more?
Dean Scarborough: Mitch, why don't you take that?
Mitchell Butier: Sure. So as far as your first question from an emerging market standpoint, we have been taught by emerging markets collectively how they have been growing and this level of growth has slowed down. But we have been seeing some of the diverging paths what's traditionally been called a emerging markets with some markets slowing down dramatically such as Brazil and Russia, others like China slowing down but still growing. We have had modest growth within the quarter in China but that's well below what we have traditionally seen, but other markets such as South Asia and ASEAN still showing pretty healthy growth, high single digits to double digits. So diverging path overall is what we are seeing in emerging markets. And then your question about mature, we are seeing a good portion of our growth coming from our focus on accelerating growth in the high value segment. So areas like our graphics materials where we have a relatively lower market share and have targeted that market to go after growth and the team has successfully been executing that. As well as specialty labels such as durable products, tire labels and so forth has been a key area of focus for us as well. So we have been seeing outsize growth there but even in variable information as an example, we are continuing to see growth within that segment and it seems to be at a decent clip. Hard to tell how much of that's from underlying consumption, given lack of forward visibility and we don't have market data yet versus maybe inventory movements and so forth at our customers. So overall pretty broad based with higher growth going on in the higher value segments and we are continuing to see modest growth but good growth in the less differentiated segments.
Dean Scarborough: Scott, this is Dean. In China specifically we have actually seen a slowdown in some markets now for about the last four quarters and I think that's indicative of a classical pressure sensitive view of the world where inventories are being reduced. So we expect that to continue for a period of time. It's really difficult for our end use customers in China to understand how much inventory is in the channel. So we have seen some of that slowdown but I still think as I always say when things slow down, people still wash their hair even in an economic slowdown. So I don't anticipate the overall demand for the types of products that get labeled in China to really slow down. We do expect to see a bit of a mix shift I think from an end user perspective. Local brands are getting more aggressive in China and I think some of the multinational brands have struggled. It's kind of irrelevant for us since we call on the whole market there.
Scott Gaffner: Right. Okay. And then focusing on the margins in pressure sensitive, to me it looks like, I know we have asked this before, but it looks like you are going to be well ahead of the long term target by the end of the year within the segment. Is there something around raw material price cost that, what have you believe that sort of comes back a little bit in 2016, such that you wouldn't expand your operating margin target?
Dean Scarborough: Yes. Scott, I think we probably wouldn't do it in the middle of a cycle. If we were going to revise our ranges, we are probably more likely do it at the beginning of the year and take a look at it. We would like to get, again, at least another quarter under our belt. And actually the deflationary scenario differs radically by market. We are seeing currency induced inflation in places like South America and Indonesia and even some of the ASEAN countries. And in Europe, we really haven't seen a lot of raw material deflation because many of these commodities are actually priced in dollars. So if anything, they have seen net increases. I really think a lot of this has come from a mix of productivity, focusing on higher margin products, driving the mix again. But I just think we will take a look at this as we prepare our guidance for 2016 and my guess is if we do it we will do it then.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And last question for me, Dean, is really on capital allocation and the share buyback. You guys have had the enviable position of having your stock go up for most of the year and share buybacks come in a little bit below expectations. Other than you buy when the shares are low and trim it a little bit when they are high, how can we think about if they do remain high, what else could you do with the cash? Or are you just going to wait for those opportunities where the stock pulls back? Thanks, Dean and congrats on the quarter.
Dean Scarborough: Thank you. We did our share buyback actually did accelerate the third quarter, actually by almost 60%. I realize we are still below probably what folks thought we would do for the year. I think we are going to be disciplined and patient is how I would characterize our approach to capital allocation. That would include share buyback as well as opportunities in the M&A front. Do we have another question, operator?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Co. Please go ahead.
Mehul Dalia: Good morning. This is actually Mehul Dahlia, sitting in for Ghansham. How are you doing?
Dean Scarborough: Hi Mehul.
Mehul Dalia: You called out a price cost benefiting the PSM business this year. Can you quantify how much price cost has contributed to EBIT so far? And what are your expectations going forward? Should we continue to see some more price cost benefits in 2016?
Dean Scarborough: So the first question is, as far as what we have seen, if you look at the drivers of the margin expense, we have had the biggest single contributor has actually been around from productivity drivers that we have been pushing through and then followed by the volume benefits of variable flow through from growth that we have been driving and then we did talk about the modest benefit from price and raw material cost gaps, if you will. So that has been our reason for our margin expansion. The key driver is pretty consistent with what we have talked about in Q2. Sequentially though, there's essentially been no shift net between price and raw material costs from Q2 to Q3 and things overall while pretty different in individual markets where you see pockets of inflation, pockets of deflation, overall things have stabilized and we don't expect much impact this year going in to next year.
Mehul Dalia: Got it. And your outlooks for $60 million in cost savings in the RBIS business implies basically a 50% increase of EBIT roughly. So what are the primary offsets? And second how are you orchestrating the execution to avoid the disruption for customers given the extent of the restructuring that you are going to be doing?
Anne Bramman: So from an offset perspective, we definitely have higher employee related cost in this business. It is much more employee intensive. So you have natural inflation in those costs that are an offset to that as well. And so I will let Mitch go through the [indiscernible].
Mitchell Butier: The way to look at the overall, these are strategies we are putting in place to be able to compete and win in all market segments. This business has relatively high variable margins. So our focus here has to be both around driving growth as well as driving productivity to be able to hit our margin target that we have laid out. And we have identified the $60 million of savings in this business for next year. That is a means to an end of being able to achieve the 2018 targets that we have laid out. And what you should be thinking is, we are not planning to get and we don't expect to get in that range next year. But you will see a disproportional amount of expansion is what we are targeting in terms of in 2016 in this business relative to the rest of the cycle.
Mehul Dalia: Got it. Thank you so much.
Mitchell Butier: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Anne, would you mind talking about what FX drag you might expect next year assuming current rates? And I don't know if you have gone through the budgeting process but it's a question that's coming up fairly frequently now. And related to that, are there any other above or below the line items next year that we ought to be mindful of that could lead to significant changes in profitability?
Anne Bramman: So in general we are just starting to go through the budgeting process with each of the positions. And so it's kind of hard to have a point of view as far as where we are going to land on this. I know we are going to be giving more guidance in the call after year end. So we will have a little bit more visibility in what we are seeing on that.
Mitchell Butier: Overall I think it will be much more moderated from what we saw this year versus last year.
Adam Josephson: Sure, Mitch. Dean, back to the PSM margins for a moment, I know you just talked about that most of the margin expansion year-to-date has come from your productivity initiatives and the volume growth. So those sound like fairly sustainable sources of margin expansion and they have gotten you to this 12% level. Am I hearing you correctly there that you seem to think these 12% margins are in fact fairly sustainable I think based on what you are saying?
Dean Scarborough: Yes. Adam, when we set the targets, I think we have talked about this before, we had set the targets at a 10% to 11% range. We had a lot of debate internally about should it have been 10.5% to 11.5%, 10% to 12% and when we set the targets, what we are communicating was we are shooting for the high end of the range. We don't necessarily have an upper limit. So the team's done a good job this year of managing, actually in a pretty challenging environment and executing the strategy probably a bit faster in terms of the mix and productivity than we expected. So I don't think we are putting a cap on anything here. I don't think investors should take the view that because we haven't changed it after a couple of quarters of over performance that we think there's a cap there. I think it's a matter of just us getting comfortable. Q4 is going to be a softer quarter for us. Number one because it just has, compared to last year and even compared to the third quarter, it just has much fewer shipping days because of the calendarization caused by the 53rd week last year. So that's a bit of a challenge. So I think we want to see how that all shakes up.
Adam Josephson: Sure. And just one more on PSM, Dean. Obviously many consumer companies domestically have talked about pockets of weakness that they have seen of late and obviously U.S. retail sales are growing fairly slowly at the moment. So can you just help us understand why your PSM sales domestically might be growing as robustly as they are and I guess the same question applies to Western Europe given the economy there?
Dean Scarborough: Mitch, why don't you take that?
Mitchell Butier: Sure, back to something I commented on earlier, one of the big drivers of us driving growth in the high value segments above what the market is growing in those segments. So areas like graphics and specialty labels, again, is a key area of focus for us and has been a key driver of our growth that we have seen in those regions. As well as I commented in the less differentiated segments, we have seen healthy, modest but healthy growth relative to what we usually see in those segments as well which is variable information.
Adam Josephson: Thank you, Mitch. Appreciate it.
Mitchell Butier: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. I joined the call late so I apologize if you have already answered some of these or covered it in your formal remarks. Relative to the RBIS realignment let's say, how much of the actions you are taking now contribute to the $70 million benefit you expect for next year? And is there further tail on the actions you are taking now in terms of benefit for 2017 and later, recognizing I forget to whose question you were answering, you said that disproportionate amount of benefit is going to happen next year.
Anne Bramman: Right. So we gave guidance that we expect $60 million in that transition cost savings for RBIS in 2016. So clearly of the total company carry-over, the significant portion of that is due to RBIS. When we look at the calendarization we are still going through, quite frankly, the calendarization of the savings in 2016 but we are, at least, preliminary seeing this spread pretty evenly among the year, among the quarters in 2016.
George Staphos: And is that also, I guess one thing I was asking, is there a tail on that in to 2017 and 2018? Again, if you mentioned already I apologize for missing it but if you have happen to have that and it hasn't been commented on I would appreciate some color.
Anne Bramman: Yes. So as I mentioned, we think the savings is spread pretty evenly across the year. So you would anticipate there will be some kind of a tail for 2017.
Mitchell Butier: The other thing we commented on earlier, George you may have missed it, a disproportionate amount of what we are going to hit is going to hit 2016. And so the message here is just to enable us hitting the 2018 margin targets, enable growth within all segments of this business and you should see though, we don't expect to be in the targeted range next year but we will see a disproportionate amount of expansion in 2016 as we get there.
George Staphos: Yes. I had heard that Mitch. I appreciate the color. Let me drop that for now. In terms of the emerging market trends you were commenting to earlier, you mentioned there's been some bifurcation by region. Has there been any appreciable within those regions change from third quarter to second quarter or even as you are exiting the third quarter now to the fourth quarter relative to earlier in the third quarter period?
Mitchell Butier: The only shift I would say from the trends we have been seeing is really in Russia where it's stabilized a bit. Everything else that I commented on earlier were themes we were seeing in Q2 as well.
George Staphos: Okay. Thank you for that additional color. Last thing and then I will come back in queue. Can you comment, if you haven't already, in terms of how the customer rollouts on RFID, this latest wave have been going and what kind of penetration, share gain, not yours but RFID and broadly you are seeing in the market? Thank you.
Dean Scarborough: Yes. George, on RFID, it continues to be robust. We grew 20% year-over-year in the quarter. We have a couple of customers that are in the process of accelerating their rollouts. So I expect that to continue at least for the next few quarters. I was actually pleasantly surprised too on the number of customers that are buying RFID tags. So for me it's getting more broader based. And as brands start to service multiple retailers using RFID, we are starting to get the question out well, 50%, 60% of my products are now RFID marked, might as well just go the whole way, at least through having early discussions on that. So for me, this is specifically in the U.S. So that was a positive trend. Right now we think the apparel unit volumes is about 10% penetrated and we think pretty easily that could go to 20% by 2018. So that's really what we are looking at. But we are in a good phase right now and our team has done an excellent job of supporting customers during this rollout. So I feel good about that.
George Staphos: Dean, forgive me for jumping back in one last one, was the surprise that the tags are being used for products, garments that were lower price point? And so people are seeing the economics at a lower, if you will, point of sale price than you would have imagined? Or is it that they are saying they may increase from, using your figures, 50% to 100%? Thanks.
Dean Scarborough: So, yes. Let me be clear on that. So if you are a brand, okay and you are selling your brand for multiple retailers, let's say Macy's, Walmart, Target, et cetera, et cetera and they start asking for the tags on their garments to have RFID enabled tags and that's a significant portion of your volume, all of a sudden you realize, now I have to have inventories that have both RFID tags on them and non-RFID tags on them. So I might as well go the whole way and by the way, start to extract some of the benefits myself in my own supply chain. So that's really what I was trying to communicate.
George Staphos: Thank you, Dean.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. In RBIS you indicated that you were seeing decline in sales in less differentiated segments. I was just wondering when you would expect those volumes to inflect or be positive and then kind of on the flip side you talked about specialty products up 10% and accelerated rollouts in RFID. When you look at the higher margin parts of the business, are there regions or product categories where you are at all capacity-constrained or it's a bit challenging to meet customer needs?
Mitchell Butier: Sure. So as far as the first part of your question around declines in the less differentiated segments, we have started to see a modest shift in the trends with those segments. And I expect it to take another couple quarters before we start to see that turn around. And that's primarily just given the lead times from when you win programs, if you will, to when you actually make the shipments for them. And I would say a couple of quarters but Q2 is really the key peak season for this business. So I think that's going to be the key quarter for us all to watch as we go forward. And as far as the growth that we are seeing in the more differentiated segments of the market, particularly asking about product lines, so RFID and external embellishments, these are spaces we are making investments, then we will continue to make investments so that we can continue to be the market leader and drive penetration of RFID across the entire market and continue to penetrate the external embellishments markets with our innovative solutions.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. And then with regards to the positive trends that you are seeing and understanding that it's early days, are you seeing those positive trends in value and contemporary? And to the extent that you can, can you talk about Avery regaining share in those categories, what you have seen in Q3 going in to 4Q?
Mitchell Butier: So we are not regaining share. The rate of decline has slowed and specifically if break it to value, we are seeing a bigger turn around in contemporary right now. But again, it's very early days given the cycle time from when you make shifts to when you would actually see a meaningful difference in the amount of volumes you are shipping in these various segments, it's just too early to give definitive information on that.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. I will turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Kapsch with BB&T Capital Market. Please go ahead.
Chris Kapsch: Yes. Good morning. I had a couple of follow-ups on the pressure sensitive business. You parsed out the gross product line growths by region pretty well. But wondering, specifically you mentioned variable information also grew. Could you just like within the label stock materials business, did prime label materials and variable information label materials grow roughly at the same pace? The reason I ask is, I am just wondering if there's any variance there that also might have contributed to positive mix for the business.
Mitchell Butier: So within the prime sector, film grew faster which is not unusual than what you saw on both prime paper as well as variable information labels.
Chris Kapsch: Okay. So that might have contributed to mix but the key mix driver was really more about the growth in graphics and tapes it sounds like?
Mitchell Butier: And specialty labels that we commented on. Specialty paper and then there's also graphics as well, as you have commented. Another key factor here to mention though around that, it's not mix improvement. We have been talking about having more discipline in the less differentiated segments and we have seen again this quarter expanded margins within those less differentiated segments such as variable information labels.
Chris Kapsch: I see. So is that to imply that you actually ceded some share in that? And so one could argue this volume growth, organic growth that you are posting is even that much more impressive?
Mitchell Butier: So if you recall in Q4, we did cede some share in Q4 in a couple of spaces and we commented on that earlier, in previous quarters. But since then you have normal exchanges you have in the marketplaces in these segments.
Chris Kapsch: I see. And then just following up on the sustainability of the margin improvement, obviously you list the drivers in order of importance and productivity has been an important driver. So when I think of productivity and pressure sensitive and correct me if I am thinking of it wrong, but I think your ability to drive your coders at higher line speeds and also your ability to perpetually reduce the material content of your label materials and that's been up sort of a hallmark of your operational excellence over the years if not decades. I am just wondering how sustainable is your ability to continually drive productivity in that regard looking forward?
Dean Scarborough: Yes. Great question. So Chris, one big driver in the productivity, recall last year we had a big restructuring program in Europe that cost us money both in the P&L and restructuring charges to improve our graphics business. We have lapped that this year. That's a big driver of the profitability. So we are now reaping the benefits of that investment in closing an older facility and putting a new coding line in an existing facility. So that continues to be a part of the productivity story in PSM, when we can add a new asset and close a facility to get rid of overhead. I would say that yes, it's pretty much in the company's DNA to drive material cost out through either chemistry or combination of chemistry and process technology and I guess every year we ask ourselves the same question about well, what's the lower limit? And actually the lower limit is zero but we have got a long way to go before we hit that number. In other words we buy by weight, we sell by area and we continuously drive less and less weight in our materials at equivalent or even sometimes better performance. So it is part of the magic of what we do in the business and yes, we are obviously going to keep doing that.
Chris Kapsch: Got it. And then if I could just follow up on the strategic repositioning and RBIS. If I understand one of the comments about rationalizing the manufacturing footprint for that business. I guess historically there's been an awful lot of, I think they used to be called service bureaus, but little shops in the countries near the needle factories and I thought it was generally thought of to be important to be close to the needle to be able to service customers that were making the garments. So it sounds like you are going to be rationalizing a portion of that to drive some margin. And just wondering, can you do that without sacrificing the service levels to some of these needle factories in those various regions? Thanks.
Dean Scarborough: Chris, the overall focus here is to increase our share in the market and service delivery times. The service bureaus you talked about is being a lot of localized service bureaus specifically to that end. Those are actually relatively low cost. Those aren't the areas of focus when we talk about the footprint reduction. It's the larger manufacturing hub and continuing to consolidate to having fewer large hubs but actually having these working on fast response units that have the service bureaus and maybe other smaller assets for quick cycle time deliveries. So that is an area of focus for us and as we talked about this business has relatively intense employee population. When we look at the rationalization and footprint that's overall a focus for us as well.
Chris Kapsch: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Good morning, everyone. Obviously most of my questions have been answered but I was wondering as RFID grows 20%, what is the growth rate that it contributed to RBIS? Do you have a feel for how one impacts the other?
Dean Scarborough: Well, over the long haul it adds two to three points of growth along with external embellishments, the two product categories that we have. So Rosemarie we think about the apparel market growing 1% to 2% probably closer to 1%. And our 4% to 5% target range, we see external embellishments and RFID adding two to three points their share gain. That adds another point that gets us within the target range of how we look at the business.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. That is very helpful. Thank you. And do you have a feel for the upcoming Christmas season? Or is that too early?
Dean Scarborough: Well, I think retailers, this is always a challenge for them. I hate to say this because most of you guys are in the Northeast kind of hoping for a polar vortex so we get a lot of sales of warm clothes for cold winter but it's the same thing every year. And if they can't move the goods, they will discount them. We hope they don't have to. I think retailers are generally pretty disciplined about inventories and now the real focus on them is to make sure they have accurate inventory so they can meet customer needs whether they are ordering online or online picking up at the store and all the other ways consumers can buy products.
Rosemarie Morbelli: So you are not seeing it here lower level -- I am sorry.
Mitchell Butier: From what we are seeing, just in North America, we expect to see some modest growth coming out of that is what we would expect the market to do. Europe we would expect to be a little more challenged. And if you look at the import data you can see imports into the U.S. tracking above what we are seeing in Europe which makes sense given some of the currency headwinds they have as far as apparel unit cost and so forth.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. Thanks. And then lastly you talked about bolt-on acquisitions and in the past you have talked about doing something in the graphics area. Anything new of the valuations lower than they used to be, do you have more opportunities?
Dean Scarborough: Great question. So we have built up a pipeline of possibilities in I would say graphics, in tapes and even in the medical converting area. A lot of the companies are private. So it takes time and we are working on it. And again, we are disciplined about how we do it. So we feel good about the pipeline but these things take time. As I said before, we are going to be disciplined and patient. That's our strategy in M&A.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mitchell Butier: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question is a follow-up from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Adam Josephson: Thanks. Dean, we appreciate your sentiments on hoping for a polar vortex. You can sit in 80 degrees and sunny weather and we will be snowed in here.
Dean Scarborough: I am a native Clevelander so I remember those days.
Adam Josephson: Anyway, Mitch, back to the higher value added, the growth in higher value added areas in PSM that you talked about, specialty paper, graphics, tapes, can you help me understand what the primary markets for those materials are? And whether it's the end markets that are growing substantially? Or whether you are gaining share or both?
Mitchell Butier: So if you look at graphics, the primary end market, think of signage. So these are very large pressure sensitive labels, if you will, that would go on the side of trucks, that would go on the sides of buildings and so forth or as you have seen in our materials, car wraps, which is the fastest growing area for cast films within the graphic space. So a lot of that is share gain with the exception of some of the cast films and car wraps. The whole market is actually growing from a very small base there. And then within the specialty labels area, we have traditionally had relatively high share in specialty labels and that's more application specific so it's going out and finding new opportunities to drive new application and adoption of pressure sensitive materials.
Adam Josephson: So it's a combination of all of the above, market growth, new markets and gaining share from some competitors?
Mitchell Butier: Absolutely.
Adam Josephson: Terrific. Thanks a lot and best of luck in the quarter, you guys.
Mitchell Butier: Thank you.
Dean Scarborough: Okay. Well, first of all, just thanks again for listening. I want to thank our team at Avery Dennison for another solid quarter. We are pleased with our trajectory, especially given some of the headwinds that we faced this year, especially around currency and armed with the knowledge that we can do even better. Our overall strategy is working. PSM is delivering at or above the 2018 levels. The graphics business is now profitable and our strategy change in RBIS will get us back on track to hit those 2018 targets. The business continues to deliver strong free cash flow year-to-date and as I mentioned we are building a pipeline of small bolt-on acquisitions in the medical, tapes and graphics materials business. And we are going to continue to be disciplined and patient about our capital allocation. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-29 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the second quarter ended July 4, 2015. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 9:00 A.M. Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, July 31. To access the replay, please dial (800) 633-8284 or (402) 977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21734746. 
 And I would now like to turn the call over to Cindy Guenther, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Cynthia Guenther: Thank you, Amanda. Today, we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited second quarter results. The non-GAAP financial measures that we used for the quarter are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on Schedules A-2 to A-4 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release.
 We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the safe harbor statement included in today's earnings release.
 Making formal remarks today will be Dean Scarborough, Chairman and CEO; and Anne Bramman, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mitch Butier, President and Chief Operating Officer is also with us today to participate in the Q&A portion of the call. And now I'll turn the call over to Dean. 
Dean Scarborough: Thanks, Cindy, and good morning, everyone. I'm happy to report another solid quarter with sales up 4% on an organic basis, continued expansion in adjusted operating margin and mid-teens growth in adjusted earnings per share. We also delivered a $45 million increase in free cash flow for the quarter. 
 As you know, we are focused on achieving our long-term financial goals both the 4-year commitments we've set through the end of this year and our new targets through 2018. I'm very pleased to say we're on track against these goals for 2015 and the longer term.
 That said, it's fair to say we expect to arrive there in a different way than we had planned for the current year. The Pressure-sensitive Materials business delivered exceptionally strong results in the second quarter, which were offset by weakness in Retail Branding and Information Solutions. So let me give you some perspective on each of the segments.
 As I said, PSM had a great quarter with better-than-expected organic growth combined with significant margin expansion. Organic growth was positive in all geographies, with Europe the strongest. Growth in China remained slow, albeit better than the pace we saw in the first quarter, reflecting weaker economic conditions there. We continue to benefit from the growth of higher-value market segments in both Europe and North America, which has been a key strategic focus for us. Graphics, for example, grew organically at a high single-digit rate in these regions, while sales of specialty Label products and Performance Tapes grew at mid- to high single-digit rates.
 Despite the recent slowdown in Asia, we believe in the long-term growth of these markets and are investing to support this growth. We're adding 3 new coding assets in Asia, providing additional capacity for higher-margin segments including tapes, specialty products and durables. And our project to recapitalize the Graphics business, which was part of the major restructuring program in Europe that we undertook last year is now complete.
 At the same time, we are pursuing growth of less-differentiated products but with an emphasis on improving profitability through disciplined pricing as well as a reduction in both complexity and cost, allowing us to be more competitive in these segments.
 Our strategic course correction, which we've discussed over the past couple of quarters to rebalance the price, volume and mix dynamics on Pressure-sensitive Materials is working. We're beating our long-term target for organic sales growth and that growth, combined with ongoing productivity and a favorable raw material environment, is driving record operating margin.  We will continue to execute this strategy, leveraging our strengths in innovation, quality and service across the entire materials portfolio.
 Now let's turn to Retail Branding and Information Solutions. The results for the quarter were clearly disappointing. Sales declined 2% on an organic basis and operating margin contracted.
 The priorities for RBIS are very clear, accelerate top line sales growth for the core business and expand operating margin and return on capital. I'm confident we'll get this business growing again and drive return above the cost of capital before 2018.
 We are winning in the higher-value segments of the business. A good example is the performance athletic segment, where customers value the global consistency and design capabilities that we offer. Growth in this segment has been consistently strong, roughly 17% annually over the last couple of years as we have taken share and leveraged the full breadth of our product solutions, including RFID and external embellishments. 
 RFID is ramping up now as more retailers begin to adopt this new technology. We are the go-to supplier in this market with a robust pipeline of new programs that are building momentum. We have better than 50% share of RFID for apparel today and expect to maintain that leadership position through 2018 based on our competitive advantages. While RFID sales have been down in the first half of 2015, reflecting the timing of various rollouts, we still expect sales to be up 15% to 20% for the full year, with growth of better than 35% in the back half.
 External embellishments represent another strong growth opportunity where we're gaining traction. Over the past 2 [ph]  Years, we have seen this business grew roughly 30% annually, albeit off a small base. We expect to continue growing these products at better than 20% annually, becoming a $100 million-plus business for us by 2018.
 Our strategy for value, contemporary and fast fashion retailers and brand needs and will change. These represent roughly 60% of the market for apparel labels, and we can win in these segments. We will reduce our fixed cost, localize our material sourcing and respond quickly to changes in our customer needs by decentralizing decision-making. We are rapidly moving to a business model that will be competitive for all segments. This strategic shift actually shares a common theme with Pressure-sensitive Materials. In both cases, we are focused on reducing cost and complexity to be more competitive in the less differentiated segments of the market.
 These aren't just short-term cost plays. It's part of our long-term strategy to win in the marketplace, expand margins and improve returns. I'm confident that we have the right leadership team and employees in place to make that happen. And we will share the details of our plan during the October earnings call. 
 In summary, I'm confident in our ability to achieve our long-term financial targets through 2018, adjusting course as needed, to deliver double-digit EPS growth and top quartile return on total capital. We'll continue to deliver strong free cash flow and we're committed to returning the majority of our free cash flow to shareholders over the long term. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to Anne. 
Anne Bramman: Thanks, Dean, and hello, everyone. I will supplement Dean's commentary with some color on the financial results for the company and segments. 
 In Q2, the company delivered a 14% increase in adjusted earnings per share on 4% organic sales growth. Currency translation reduced reported sales by 9.5% with an approximately $0.10 impact to EPS. 
 Adjusted operating margins in the second quarter improved 140 basis points to 9.5% as the benefit of productivity initiatives, higher volumes and the net impact of price and raw material input cost more than offset higher employee-related expenses. The company realized about $18 million of incremental savings from restructuring costs net of transition expenses.
 The adjusted tax rate was 34%, consistent with the anticipated full-year tax rate in the low to mid-30% range.
 Free cash flow was $130 million, an increase of $45 million compared to Q2 of last year, driven by improved working capital productivity and higher earnings.
 In the first half, the company repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares at a cost of $62 million and paid $66 million in dividends. As Dean indicated, we are committed to returning cash to shareholders and have sufficient capacity to continue our share buyback program. Consistent with our stated philosophy and strategy, we continue to be disciplined and opportunistic with share repurchases buying relatively more when the share price dips and relatively less when the share price is higher.
 Now looking at the segments. Pressure-sensitive Materials sales were up approximately 6% on an organic basis. Label and Packaging Materials sales were up mid-single-digits as were the combined sales for Performance Tapes and Graphics. 
 On a regional basis, North America delivered another quarter of low digit -- low single-digit growth, while Western Europe was up high single digits, benefiting from above-average growth in Graphics and continued strength in products for labeling applications. Organic growth for emerging regions improved compared to the first quarter, but continued to be relatively slow up mid-single digits due to softness in China as Dean mentioned. 
 PSM's adjusted operating margin, a record 12.3% for the segment, was up over 2 full points compared to last year. This improvement was driven by productivity, included continuing material for engineering savings and our recently increased level of restructuring activities, as well as fixed cost leverage through strong volume growth. We also saw a net benefit from price and raw material input costs as we continue to reinforce our pricing discipline, particularly in the less-differentiated segments of the market.
 Both North America and Europe continued to experience benefits from product mix as both regions had faster growth in higher-margin segments. 
 Sequentially, adjusted operating margin for PSM expanded by 80 basis points, primarily due to incremental savings from restructuring and other productivity initiatives.
 The Retail Branding Information Solutions sales declined approximately 2% on an organic basis and adjustment operating margin contracted by 40 basis points. Several factors contributed to the organic sales decline in the quarter. Once again, with sales up high single digits, we saw growth in performance segments for both Europe- and North America-based retailers and brand owners. However, we continue to experience declines in the value and contemporary segments, reflecting the share loss that we've been speaking to over the last few quarters. Additionally, sales of apparel labels for Europe-based retailers and brand owners were further impacted by reduced orders for apparels due to the impact of the euro devaluation on the cost of imported goods.
 As expected, sales for RFID products declined due to reduced demand from a couple of large European accounts. However, as Dean mentioned, sales in the second half are expected to grow in the mid-30% range. 
 Returning to the total segment, the decline in adjusted operating margin reflects the impact of the lower sales, including reduced fixed cost leverage and negative price and mix, as well as higher employee-related costs. These challenges were partially offset by the benefit of productivity initiatives.
 We are focused on reducing costs and streamlining our processes to position ourselves to grow and win in all the segments.
 Sales in Vancive Medical Technologies declined about 1% on an organic basis, following an 11% increase in the first quarter. Given the application-specific nature of orders in this business, we do expect sales growth to be somewhat choppy by quarter. We continue to anticipate that organic sales growth for Vancive will be faster than the company average for the full year. The segment's operating loss was reduced by nearly $1 million due to productivity actions. The team continues to focus on the milestones needed to drive long-term growth of this platform with the objective of achieving a positive contribution to earnings by year-end. 
 Turning now to our outlook for the full year, we've raised our estimates of organic sales growth modestly to a range of 3.5% to 4%, reflecting the strength of PSM in the first half.
 We have maintained our adjusted EPS guidance, as we believe that out-performance by PSM will offset the combined negative impacts of weaker-than-planned performance by RBIS and a higher-than-expected share count.
 We outlined some of the key contributing factors to this guidance on Slide 8 of our supplemental presentation materials. Several of the assumptions underlying our previous guidance have changed modestly. Specifically, for the full year, at recent exchange rates, we estimate that currency translation will reduce net sales by approximately 8%, a slight improvement from the rates in April. 
 Our outlook for the impact of currency translation on pretax earnings and EPS have not changed. As discussed, we now estimate average shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis will be in the range of 92 million to 93 million shares. We divested a small, roughly breakeven industrial printer product line in Europe during that second quarter, which resulted in the recognition of a loss and some related exit cost. We've included the loss and associated cost in our pro forma adjustment for the quarter,  [indiscernible] our estimate for restructuring cost and other items by $0.03 to $0.43 per share. As a result, while our guidance for adjusted EPS remains unchanged, we have reduced our estimate for reported EPS by $0.03. 
 Summing up, we delivered another good quarter and remain on track to achieve our 2015 and 2018 targets. Now we'll open the call up for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Co. 
Ghansham Panjabi: Can you first off give us some color on what you're seeing in Brazil and China at current and particularly, if there was a change in the monthly sales rate on a year-over-year basis during the second quarter? The economies there seem quite fluid and secure. So if you're seeing any deviations in this region just on a monthly basis? 
Dean Scarborough: Mitch, do you want to take that? 
Mitchell Butier: Sure. So looking at Brazil, overall, I'd say things -- we've got decent growth on an organic basis in Latin America in general including Brazil, but it is all due to pricing. The volumes that we are seeing in Brazil have softened quite a bit in the last couple of quarters to be quite honest. And within China, we've been seeing softening within China. We talked about it last quarter. And we're continuing to see that again this quarter. 
Ghansham Panjabi: And just on -- any comments on Europe as well? 
Mitchell Butier: On Europe? Well, Europe, specifically Western Europe, extremely strong growth is what we're seeing, and the emerging markets have been softer. So we've seen a shift here over the last couple of quarters where Western Europe is actually growing faster than emerging markets within Europe. 
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay, and then just on PSM, can you help us bridge in any way the improvement in operating profit year-over-year? There are a ton of moving parts with FX, and I would assume some level of impact from lower raw material cost as well. So can you kind of breakup a few of those pieces? Whatever you can share. 
Dean Scarborough: Well, I think -- it's a good question. It's -- every region has a slightly different sorry, so it is complicated, Ghansham. We have some markets where raw materials are more of a benefit. Europe it's actually not a benefit, because a lot of these commodity cost reductions are oil-based. And in fact, there's some shortages in certain resins that are causing us to actually increase prices right now in the European market. I'd say overall that the largest impact has been our focus in growing in the higher-margin segments, especially in Europe and in North America. So we've got quite a bit of productivity from material reengineering, from restructuring, from growth in higher-margin segments, and raw materials also had been a benefit but they're not the biggest factor in the quarter. And obviously, even with the slower market growth in emerging markets, specifically Asia, we're still seeing margin improvements in that region. 
Mitchell Butier: And the only thing I'd add, Ghansham, is just -- the only thing I'd add here is just that mix of the key component, we're talking about in driving growth in the high-value segments, as Dean spoke to. And while we have some of the net price benefit we received, it's really around our focus on expanding the margins within the less-differentiated segments and holding on to that deflation where we are seeing it in some of the less differentiated segments. We are [indiscernible]. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital. 
Scott Gaffner: Just following up on that question for a minute on the raw material capture within Pressure-sensitive Materials. You were up looks like a couple of hundred basis points operating margins adjusted within this segment in the quarter. It was up 160 in the first. Should we expect those sort of gains to moderate as you kind of -- the lag between price cost catches up in the second half of the year? Or these other issues around mix and the higher value more than offset any sort of compression there? 
Dean Scarborough: Yes, I think there's a couple of factors. I think we had said at the end of the first quarter, we had a little bit of uncertainty of how raw material and commodity costs would be reflected in the back half of the year. I think I mentioned that in Europe, we are actually seeing some raw material inflation even despite this. And then our fourth quarter this year is a bit challenging because of the 53rd week last year kind of moved some from, I would say, a normal amount of profit into the first quarter of this year. And so the comparisons year-over-year in Q4 are going to be a bit challenging. So that's a bit of it. I think that has no economic impact on the business, it's just the number of good shipping days in the quarter is less this year than last year. 
Scott Gaffner: Okay. Moving to RBIS, I think you mentioned you're coming up with a new plan there maybe to decentralize the organization a little bit. But you have been on this footprint optimization within RBIS for a number of years closing down a significant number of facilities and moving to digital printing in order to improve response times. I'm just curious, I know you said you'd share more details in October, but why the sudden shift? Is it more volume issue? Or is it a cost issue that caused you to make this course of action? 
Dean Scarborough: Yes, I think you used the term sudden shift, so we had a very -- as you know, we're very milestone based here. And we expected to see organic growth in the second quarter. So we realized in the middle of the quarter that we weren't going to hit those targets, we understood that we needed to be more aggressive in our shift to capturing share in the value and contemporary segment. So as always, in retrospect, I think there's a reflection that, oh shoot, we should have probably done this a couple of quarters earlier. So shame on us. 
 We do have the planning underway. Here's what happening a little bit more in value and contemporary, and that is more of the buying decisions are taking place where the products are made rather than centrally in mature markets. And we've seen a bit more of that shift. And so we need to give our teams in the regions more authority in terms of what business that they want to bid on, what raw materials they want to use. That was more centrally controlled before. So we have seen a shift in buying behavior for a lot of customers. So that's one of the major reasons that we need to move -- we need to move there. I think also the footprint consolidation's gone quite well, actually. Because we're in a position now where we're a lot more productive than we were a few years ago. We have better service quality, productivity and safety metrics. So going forward, I think we'll still tweak some of the footprint actions, but I actually feel better about our ability to execute across all segments today than I certainly would have 5 years ago. Mitch, I don't know if there's anything you want to add to that? 
Mitchell Butier: I think you captured it well. Basically, this is something that we know. We've been seeing it and talking about it the last couple of quarters about our performance relative to the market, and the need to get more competitive in the less-differentiated segments. And as we saw what kind of came in and the culmination through Q2, we decided we needed to get much more aggressive to get more competitive by reducing complexity, streamlining our processes and reducing cost to be able to be more price-competitive and win. 
 This business needs to consistently grow like what we're seeing in Pressure-sensitive Materials and expand its margins in line with the targets we've laid out in 2018. We're committed to that and confident we'll be able to get there with the course -- the adjustments of the strategy that we're talking about. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
George Staphos: I guess I wanted to start off, if possible, with a similar question, I think as Ghansham was asking, of PSM in terms of the bridge and RBIS. How much of the EBIT loss -- not loss, pardon me, but negative variance was driven by the revenue drop and the incremental margin on that? How much of that is labor inflation? And if you could put some details or some color on that, that would be helpful. And I have some follow-up on RBIS. 
Dean Scarborough: George, maybe, I'll make a high-level comment first. And one of the things that I don't think we had anticipated is that a slowdown by European brands and retailers because of the increase in the cost of clothing. Because fundamentally, they're sourcing from dollar-denominated regions, and it looks to us like -- well, actually, our customers are telling us that they're being a lot more conservative about laying in inventory into the business. So that was a bit of a surprise for us in the second quarter. As far as the margin delta? 
Mitchell Butier: Yes, so overall, your question about normal wage inflation. So we saw the normal level of wage inflation that you'd expect within the quarter. So really it's around the volume price and mix elements were the biggest single driver for the reduction in the margins that we've seen. We, of course, had to get down to productivity, as we always do. But the real shift here was the volume-price mix dynamic. 
George Staphos: Okay. I guess again, taking a step back, I mean, this business has been a defined segment for over 10 years. You started building it out in the early 2000s. It has never hit your margin targets. And I wish I could be more diplomatic about it, but aside from maybe 1 quarter or 2 where you were over 10%, it's never performed as you had expected as the latest strategy from your people within the division would have presented. So taking a step back, what should give us confidence that the latest plan from within the organization, RBIS team, will get you the performance that frankly, we would expect and that your capital providers should deserve given what's been the history? 
Dean Scarborough: Well, George, it's a great question. In our 2018 targets, we basically laid out a plan where the margins for these business would be converging. And to your point right now, they're not. They're actually diverging, because we are off-track on the margin improvement targets that we had laid in for RBIS, and Pressure-sensitive Materials has done better. And so, we clearly understand that to have an adequate portfolio for investors, these 2 businesses have to converge. So that's sort of job 1. We get it. 
 Secondly, I believe, and the management team believes, that we can improve the margins in this business. And to do so, we just need to be more competitive in the 60% of the market that we're not competitive there. So it's -- I think that the task going forward is fairly straightforward. It will take us a few quarters to get there. But I don't know if I can give you comfort other than just saying that in every single other area of the business, I think we've delivered on our commitments. And if we think we can't, George, we'll do something with the portfolio. 
George Staphos: Understood. And I appreciate the thoughts in the question -- I mean, answer, Dean, on that. From where we sit, what would you have us most closely evaluate? Intra-quarter is obviously difficult for obvious reasons, but during reporting season, that would -- aside from margins hopefully moving higher as you expect, that would tell the investor and the investment community that you're on track? I seem to remember that you needed typically 2% of revenue growth in that segment just to cover inflation. So should we be seeing 3% or better revenue growth in the segment by fourth quarter or first quarter? What other 1 or 2 things would you have us focus on here relative to RBIS? And kudos to everyone in Pressure-sensitive. I mean, it's your largest segment. You knocked it out of the park.  I don't want to overspend the time on RBIS. But if you could answer that question, I'll turn over from there. 
Dean Scarborough: Well, clearly George,  revenue growth is important. So let's -- again, let us reflect again on the RBIS business. Apparel unit growth is 1% or 2% per year, and our focus has been really to gain share in this marketplace through our various initiatives. We've been successful in a couple of segments, actually. This is -- maybe a little bit of the frustrating part is that we talked before about performance athletic. We're doing extremely well. And here's the other thing that's happening. RFID, I believe, is truly at an inflection point. So we're going to see pretty rapid growth in the back half of this year due to RFID, so I do anticipate good volume growth in the back half of the year for RBIS. Number 1, we have easier comps. Number 2, there has been definitely an acceleration of RFID programs being launched, especially in North America. And we have gained a significant share of a lot of those new programs. So I can't be specific about the retailers, but I can tell you that we're pretty enthusiastic about the way that looks. And it's a nice profitable chunk of business. And our external embellishment business continues to accelerate and grow at the same time. So we believe that there's the opportunity there, but I think the key metric for us is all about volume growth and continuing to capture share in the business. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Adam Josephson: Forgive me in advance if I ask anything you already addressed. I got on a bit late. Anne, 1 cap allocation question. Can you talk about your appetite for share repurchases at these levels, appreciating that you guys are price-sensitive buyers of your stock? 
Anne Bramman: So we talked about this in past calls, and it was in the -- what we talked a little bit earlier was that we do have a pretty disciplined approach. We are very committed to returning to shareholders. But we take a long-term view to this. So we -- as we mentioned, we are more opportunistic when we have dips in the share price, and we pull back a little bit when we see rapid increases in the share price, which is what we saw over the quarter. So we are still very committed and we do, as I mentioned, take a long-term view to this. 
Adam Josephson: And on PSM, just in terms of your expectations for margins sequentially, do you expect a significant sequential decline just in light of the rolling off of the raw material benefits or some of the other items that you called out? Or do you think they could in fact be fairly stable sequentially? And if so, why? 
Anne Bramman: So in general in those raw material piece, we do not see a change sequentially on that. What we're seeing on the back half is a natural shift in mix for the materials group. And then, quite frankly, Q4 was a calendar shift. It's about $0.10 to $0.14 of impact of [indiscernible] to the headwind for the second half of the year. So that's really a big driver when we look at it overall. 
Adam Josephson: You're talking $0.10 to $0.14 down from a year ago, Anne? 
Anne Bramman: Yes. 
Adam Josephson: And so the raw material, you still expect some benefit in the third quarter from raw materials, sounds like? 
Anne Bramman: Not sequentially, no. 
Dean Scarborough: [indiscernible] modest inflation going into Q3 [indiscernible]. 
Adam Josephson: Yes. Right, right, right. That was the gist of my question. Okay, and then in terms of the modest bump to your PSM sales -- or your sales guidance, and that was attributable to PSM, was Western -- forgive me if I missed this, but was Western Europe the sole reason for that upward tweak to your sales expectation? And if so, are there segments within Western Europe that are particularly strong for you at this juncture? 
Anne Bramman: So really it was an overall sales improvement from PSM. They delivered 6% organic. So it wasn't 1 particular region that drove the increase in the overall guidance. It was the general over-performance by PSM. 
Dean Scarborough: And within PSM, we're seeing the strong performance of Western Europe pretty much across the board, but specifically we are going faster in the higher-value segments, such as Graphics. 
Adam Josephson: But just geographically, Mitch or Anne, any changes other than -- what regions were stronger than you had previously expected other than Western Europe? 
Mitchell Butier: Western Europe is the standout. That should be the takeaway. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan Securities. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Your SG&A costs were down, I think, $23 million in the quarter. How much of that was currency? 
Mitchell Butier: Currency basically made up the -- a lion's share of that. And then productivity offset natural inflation as well as some other investments. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. In pressure-sensitive adhesives, were sequential prices in the United States up, or down or the same? 
Mitchell Butier: We don't give specific color around the various regions and what's going on. What I will say, broadly speaking, we are -- we have seen sequentially some price reductions in some of the areas or segments where we are -- have relatively higher variable margins. And where we've seen some deflation, we've basically been passing along to customers in some targeted areas. But we are, as we said, starting to see some inflation, and that's what we're watching out for right now. 
 The key thing here about the net benefit that we talked about earlier, that we saw, that we talked about for this quarter is really around holding onto it in the lower-value segments, where the returns we are getting on those segments were not necessarily EVA-positive and using this to really force the discipline to get the EVA on those lower -- the less differentiated segments up above break even, if you will. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: In the quarter, your severance costs were a little less than $17 million. How long will it be before you pay that out? 
Anne Bramman: You're asking specifically about the timing of the cash out on restructuring? 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Exactly right. Yes, on the $16.8 million that you booked in the quarter. 
Anne Bramman: Yes. So it could take several quarters. Yes, it could take several months for that to job happen, depends on the geography and several other factors. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Several months, okay. And then I guess lastly, the PSA growth of 6% relative to, I don't know, pick a unit, global GDP, U.S. GDP, is way high. And obviously, there's all kinds of weakness in the offshore markets. Is this you? Or is this the pressure-sensitive adhesive market in general? Historically, you said that PSA growth is -- turns out to be a leading economic indicator. How do you read the overall organic growth of PSA and the strength in Europe? 
Dean Scarborough: Well, I think we had a competitor report numbers yesterday. There, they also had strong organic growth. So clearly, for me, Europe is growing quite nicely. I think there's a bit of a rebound there in activity and probably easier comps from prior years. North America, as you recall last year, we didn't see much growth at all, actually for the last couple of years. And now that's growing in the low to mid-single-digits. So yes, I would guess that, that bodes pretty well for economic activity. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. And then lastly, you talked about 30% growth in RBIS in the second half. What's the motivation for that? 
Dean Scarborough: RFID. 
Anne Bramman: RFID. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Oh, I'm sorry. RFID. And those are new wins? 
Dean Scarborough: Yes, because fundamentally, Jeff, we have moved on a scenario where retailers are not asking if RFID has a payback. It's all about when and how we should deploy. So we have a number of major implementations by retailers that are going to hit in the back half of this year. And it's all about getting the inventory accuracy required so they can serve their customers online, from mobile devices as well as in the store. So I definitely -- we definitely have seen the shift in behavior in RFID. So it's pretty exciting actually. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Like in rough terms, what are your RFID revenues? 
Dean Scarborough: They'll be about -- less than $150 million this year. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Christopher Kapsch with BB&T Capital Markets. 
Christopher Kapsch: Just wanted to get a little more granular on this variance in pressure sensitive. You mentioned a number of contributors, productivity, operating leverage, mix and raws. But you also said that was more than offsetting -- benefits there were more than offsetting increased employee cost. But your SG&A cost, being down as much as they were, albeit partly from FX, is somewhat contradictory to that. So I'm just trying to reconcile. What -- how much of a headwind was this employee cost? Or conversely, were these lower SG&A costs really a big source of margin improvement in Pressure-sensitive? 
Mitchell Butier: Okay, so overall, the amount of employee cost and inflation is just the normal wage inflation that we have within this business. And so if you are... 
Christopher Kapsch: So you're talking about local currency, local currency employee cost? 
Mitchell Butier: I'm talking about local currency. So towards the SG&A overall, if you look at the -- basically the lion's share of that shift in dollar terms for the total company was currency. And then you had wage inflation, some investments we've been making. We've been making organic investments within the high-value segments, such as our Performance Tapes business, and then all of that being offset by productivity. 
 If you look sequentially, the margin expansion on PSM, Chris, just -- is pretty much productivity, a good chunk of that being restructuring. We implemented the restructuring program at the beginning of the second quarter. When we were talking through previously around increasing our competitiveness in the less-differentiated segments, we implemented some restructuring to basically get more cost-competitive to improve the margins in those subsegments. 
Christopher Kapsch: Okay. And it sounds like on a year-over-year basis, productivity was also the largest contributor to the variance. Was raw material benefit the second-largest? Just trying to get a little more granular on the benefit from raws. 
Mitchell Butier: Volume mix was the second-largest. So it's very consistent with where we were. We've mentioned the benefit on net price, if you will, between raws and the pricing element, because it's not negligible this quarter. But still, the biggest single item was productivity, followed by volume mix, consistent with what we've been seeing and talking over the last few quarters. 
Christopher Kapsch: Okay, got you. And then earlier in the Q&A, you were touching upon sort of trends on a regional basis. I think you're referring to trends during the second quarter. Just wondering if you could provide any color about order demand trends thus far into the third quarter, albeit we're just a month into it. But just by region, if possible. Any color on sequential trends thus far into the third quarter? 
Mitchell Butier: So overall, the trends we're seeing are consistent with the guidance we've been giving. If you recall going into April last quarter, we said it's a little bit softer than what we had seen in the first quarter. It then picked up dramatically in materials, and at RBIS it didn't. So it shows, again, lack of forward visibility within the business overall. So to answer your question, going into Q3, we're seeing trends relatively consistent with what we saw in Q2. So RBIS down a little bit from where we -- from where we were this time last year. And then PSM showing growth consistent with what -- what we have as particular strength in North America and Europe. 
Dean Scarborough: Well we are in the Ramadan periods. So by the way, year-over-year comparisons, because of South Asia for us in RBIS are really tough. So it's again consistent with our guidance. 
Christopher Kapsch: Okay. And then looking back historically at RBIS, particularly the Paxar business, there was -- there's only been seasonality and strength in the second and fourth quarters. And I'm just wondering, with the sort of sluggishness you're seeing out --  and I know there's some specific reasons. But is there any change in this historical seasonal pattern in the RBIS business in your view that's contributing to some of the lagging performance here? 
Dean Scarborough: Well, I don't think so. Yes, there are slight variations in the way retailers buy, I would say, over time. The seasonality gets smoothed. RFID is also going to impact that as well, because that tends to be very chunky. But fundamentally, I would say, no. I would expect the fourth quarter to -- for RBIS to be stronger than the third quarter, but not as strong as the second. 
Christopher Kapsch: I see. And then just on the capacity additions that you mentioned you'd be making, I think, in Asia. I think you said those are focused on some of your higher-margin products, tapes, graphics. Are those fungible investments? Or are those -- will those be dedicated assets for those product lines? And then are those -- the investments you're making, it doesn't sound like it's moving the needle on your overall CapEx expectations? So just wanted a little clarity on that. 
Mitchell Butier: Yes, so these assets are dedicated within China. They're focused on specialty labels and tapes. And then within Europe, they're focused on graphics. And as far as they're not having meaningful impact, these were part of our plan all along as far as level of investment. So what you'll see within PSM, we'll talk about the major points of investment, and they shift from 1 region or 1 initiative to another year-over-year. But we have these types of investments regularly. 
Dean Scarborough: Actually, Chris, these investments are just about up and running. So they're -- they've been part of our existing run rate. 
Mitchell Butier: The graphics one is actually up and running beginning in Q2. The rest of them should be by the end of Q3 or early Q4. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets. 
Anthony Pettinari: Just a follow-up to Jeff's question. In PSM, this is another quarter where growth in Europe seems to be outstripping other regions. Just to clarify, is that a case -- more a case of under-penetration of the product in Europe that might run its course at some point? Or are you actually seeing stronger underlying demand from consumers in Europe? 
Dean Scarborough: Anthony, it's a great question. We have -- Europe PSM, the market, has outperformed North America now for about 3 years in a row. And honestly, it is very difficult to understand why. We've had several different hypotheses over the last 3 years. Pressure-sensitive is -- it does have lower penetration in Europe, so that could be a cause but... 
Mitchell Butier: [indiscernible] Application that's driving this overall. So we are seeing some higher growth in areas that might be linked to more export markets. So you'd expect that given the lower euro that they're benefiting somewhat from that. That's a small factor. Another small factor, there's been some regulatory shift around some larger label sizes with requirements larger font sizes and more nutritional information, for example. So can't point to any 1 item though, and say this is what's really driving it. So there's a number of smaller factors. Just in general, the Western Europe -- what we're seeing and obviously what a key competitor report recently are seeing. It's just improved growth trajectories here. 
Anthony Pettinari: Got it. Got it. And then just more broadly in the PSM business, given the very strong results in the last few quarters, would you look at revising the long-term margin targets that you outlined at the last Analyst Day? 
Dean Scarborough: I don't think we would do that midyear. So it's something that we'll keep under consideration as we go forward through the year. So we only have a couple of quarters under our belt so far. And so we'd like to see how -- the volatility right now in the world is a bit strange. I will say, we've got emerging markets slowing, mature markets speeding up. We have inflation in some regions, deflation in others, and it's a lot of moving parts right now. So yes, I don't think -- we're not going to revise the guidance immediately. 
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. 
Mitchell Butier: We're testing new limits and we're committed to continuing to test those new limits. But it's really about having a balanced strategy of growth as well as the margin expansion that we've seen so far. 
Anthony Pettinari: Fair enough. Fair enough. And then just switching to RBIS, the value in contemporary segments, you referenced share loss, I think, in the back half of last year. And if I remember, commentary from last quarter's call, maybe there was a sense that, that had stabilized or maybe even reversed a little bit. And this quarter, maybe you lost some additional share. Is that sort of an accurate timeline or characterization of market -- kind of your market share and value contemporary over the last year or so? Is it -- it was down late last year and year-to-date, it's been kind of flattish? Or have you seen share loss accelerate? Or if you can give any color there. 
Mitchell Butier: So Anthony, we don't actually have a read on share for Q2. We just don't have any -- the apparel imports data that would match up to that. Because, remember, our sales basically precede by a couple of months what we actually see as far as import volumes. So when we spoke in Q1, that does seem to be stabilizing a little bit. We've since seen the import data coming in for Q1. If you recall, it was relatively choppy because of the strikes at the ports. But overall, import volume was relatively strong. So it did stabilize a bit and trends going the right way. I think the trend's still going in the right way in the U.S. It's Europe is where we've the challenge for the reasons that we talked about earlier. 
Operator: And our next question is a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
George Staphos: A couple of quickies. Just -- I don't remember if you mentioned it on the call, if you did, I missed it. Why the taking up of the share count guidance for the year? I think you raised it by a million or 2 million shares. 
Anne Bramman: So we didn't buy back as many shares as we had planned in the second quarter, and so we went back and revised some of our estimates for the full year. 
George Staphos: Okay, so it's just a question of price of stock, but it's not necessarily indicative of what you might have before you in terms of other capital allocation decisions? 
Anne Bramman: Well, we had -- that's -- so we also had a lot of dilution in the second quarter, especially right at the very end of the quarter as the share price [indiscernible]. We had a lot of options that came into the money. So that was the element of it as well. 
George Staphos: Okay. And to RFID, can you remind us, what kind of payback period are your customers seeing on initial rollout of an RFID program? And if we could sort of bracket the mid-30s growth that you expect to see in the second half of the year. You said a number of customers, I believe, Dean. Is that 5? Is that 12? Is that 2? Is there a way, if not to the single point, is there a way to bracket how many customers are bringing on these implementations? 
Dean Scarborough: Thanks. I think from -- in terms of number of customers, we had at least half a dozen retailers -- there's probably a few more -- but the ones that I know of. And we actually have a big application outside of apparel as well. So that for me also bodes well, because we believe that RFID has relevance in other verticals other than apparel. So that was kind of a good early warning signal. And I don't recall the first part of your question. 
George Staphos: The first part of the question was just what kind of payback period are your customers seeing when they roll this out? 
Dean Scarborough: Yes, I think -- it's a good question. I'm not sure. It all has a good ROI, and retailers are, as you might guess, reluctant to share with us exactly what the payback is because at the same time, we're working with them. We're negotiating pricing for RFID tags. But I'm guessing it's got to be less than 2 years, or otherwise the retailers wouldn't do it. And I think it really depends of the retailer. And a lot of this, again, is about customer satisfaction, driving higher sales growth, merging their online, their mobile and their in-store. So I can tell by the -- I think I mentioned it in the last call, I was at the RFID show it and talked to at least a dozen retailers, and not one of them had questions about if there was a payback. So it tells me that it must be pretty good. 
George Staphos: Dean, one maybe follow-on -- and perhaps you can't comment on this, but presumably, when you're talking to your customers, your advertising what the benefits are in terms of adopting RFID. So what kind of returns do you advertise to your customers in terms of if they adopt, what kind of payback they'll get? 
Dean Scarborough: So it's formulaic, George. So it's not one average, okay? So we've got a formula, which we can share with you, because it's public. It depends on the cost of your garment. It depends on the replenishment rate. And there's a number of factors that we can give retailers to plug those variables in, and then they can estimate what the benefit and what the value is. So it's positive in, certainly, I would say garments above $10 on a unit cost basis, with decent replenishment rates. Okay? In other words, a certain percentage of those garments have to be replenished. 
Operator: And at this time, I would now like to turn the call back to our presenters. 
Dean Scarborough: Okay, well, thanks for everyone for listening today. I'm -- I'd like to say I'm really pleased with the progress that we're making this year, especially in light of some weaker economic conditions in emerging markets and certainty the headwinds that we have from currency. It takes quite a bit of agility in an organization to continue to deliver against our overall targets given the shift. So I'd like to thank all of our employees for their continued support, hard work and creativity in meeting our business challenges. 
 Again, really excited and pleased about our progress in Pressure-sensitive Materials. It's great to hit new highs on margin targets. So we're obviously going to work hard to continue to maintain our progress there. And then for RBIS, we're committed to getting this business back to the levels that we committed to for 2018, because we realize how important it is to have our portfolio relatively similar from a capital market perspective. And so we certainly understand that. 
 We're going to make progress, and we'll update all of you on some very specific plans in the October call. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you  please disconnect your lines.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-29 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Cyndy Guenther - Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations Dean Scarborough - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mitch Butier - President, Chief Operating Officer Anne Bramman - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W Baird George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli and Company Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Chris Kapsch - BB&T Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter Ended April 4, 2015. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 11 AM Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time May 2. To access the replay please dial 1-800-633-8284 or for international callers you may dial 402-977-9140. The conference ID number is 21734745. I would now like to turn the conference over to Cyndy Guenther, Avery Dennison's Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. You may begin maam.
Cyndy Guenther: Thank you, Frans. Welcome everyone. Im happy to be back supporting shareholders as the Head of Investor Relations. Today, well discuss our preliminary unaudited first quarter results. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A-2 to A-4 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statements included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman and CEO; Mitch Butier, President and COO; and Anne Bramman, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ill now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks Cyndy and good day everyone. Were happy to have Cyndy back as the IR lead and Im certain that she will serve all of us very well. Im also very pleased to introduce you to our new Chief Financial Officer Anne Bramman. Anne started five weeks ago joining us from Carnival Cruise Line where she served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Anne has extensive experience overseeing the finance functions of market leading companies with complex global operations, including Carnival and specialty retailer L Brands. Anne is an outstanding to the corporate leadership team and I know you will enjoy getting to know her and benefitting from her insights. Ive also asked Mitch to join us today to participate in Q&A. Besides the earnings announcement today, I hope you took note of another significant announcement concerning the organization. The board recently approved the appointment of George Gravanis for the role of President, Materials Group effective May 1. George has been a driving force in the growth and global expansion of our materials businesses and he joined the company 12 years ago. He played a key role in unifying our market presence in Europe and has been instrumental in our successful penetration of the Asia-Pacific region. Throughout his carrier with us, George has demonstrated a remarkable ability to inspire his team and drive strong business results. Now, turning to Q1 results, Im very pleased to report a good start to the year. We beat our expectations for Q1 adjusted EPS by about a nickel, reflecting solid organic sales growth in pressure sensitive materials and strong sequential improvement for retail branding and information solutions. We also delivered significant margin expansion through productivity gains, higher volume, and improved product mix. Im also happy to report that free cash flow improved nicely in the quarter, up nearly $140 million, compared to the first quarter of last year. You will recall that we did expect a meaningful shift of cash from the fourth quarter of 2014 into the first quarter of this year, as we took actions to reduce the volatility associated with year-end changes in working capital. That strategy has played out as anticipated and we continue to look forward to solid free cash flow for the full year with quarterly results more closely reflecting the underlying seasonality of our business. And we continue to expect to return the vast majority of that annual free cash flow to shareholders. We return $66 million to shareholder via share repurchases and dividends in the quarter. And earlier this month, the board approved that 6% increase in the quarterly dividend consistent with our earnings growth last year. And of course, we still have over $500 million authorized under our share repurchase program. As you know, we are laser focused on achieving our long-term financial goals, both the full year commitments we set through the end of this year and our new targets through 2018. We said in last quarters call that we were making some mid-course corrections to our strategies to insure that we achieve those targets. Im happy to report that were already seeing some benefits on those actions as we strengthened the long-term competitive positions of all of our segments. One key course correction was rebalancing the price, volume, and mix dynamics in pressure sensitive materials. We had already begun to see some progress on that front in the fourth quarter. And Im pleased to say that we delivered further improvement in the first quarter with favorable product mix contributing significantly to PSMs margin expansion in the quarter. The other key course correction was to accelerate profitable growth in the less differentiated segments of both PSM and RBIS markets. Seeing some top line challenges in the back half of 2014, along with the negative translation effects of the stronger dollar, we intensified our efforts to identify accelerate and execute new restructuring actions. Again, this productivity focus is not just about lowering costs and expanding margins, which are crucial, but also about becoming more competitive so we can grow profitably and win in the more challenging segments of our markets. We made significant progress on this front as well, which is reflected in the increase to our projected restructuring charges and associated savings for the year. Looking briefly at the segments, pressure sensitive materials had a great quarter, with roughly 4% organic growth and record operating margins in the segment. Organic growth was solid across most regions. As I mentioned, favorable product mix had a significant impact on earnings growth and operating margin in Q1, as our strategy to accelerate growth in higher value segments delivered. We grew faster than average in the films category within label and packaging materials, including durables and specialty applications, as well as with higher value segments within graphics and performance tapes. Productivity improvement also contributed to the record operating margin for PSM, primarily through ongoing efforts to engineer reductions and material cost, as well as through restructuring initiatives. While we get benefit from raw material deflation in Q1, these savings were more than offset by the carry over effects of prior year pricing adjustments. As I mentioned at the start, retail branding and information solutions delivered strong sequential improvement in organic sales growth. The priorities for the RBIS segment are clear. First, accelerating top line sales growth for the core business. To that end the performance segment continues to perform well, delivering double digit organic growth in the first quarter. You may recall that we paid some pretty tough comps in the fourth quarter over last year, but this segment has been a consistent source of strength for us. Our biggest challenge last year was in a less differentiated segments of the market, particularly within value and contemporary. Sales in these segments were still down modestly year-on-year in Q1, but the team has made good progress gaining share in several key accounts. In particular, the team serving factories in North Asia and especially China delivered solid growth reversing last years challenging trend there. Another key priority for RBIS is to capture the above average long-term growth potential in embellishments and RFID. We continue to see strong profitable growth from embellishments, leveraging our proprietary heat transfer technology. Now, sales for RFID products declined in the first quarter versus prior year as we expected due to reduced demand from a couple of large European accounts. But the existing pipeline of activity remains very strong and Im confident we will see our return to strong growth for RFID in the back half of this year and beyond. That confidence was reinforced by the feedback I received from multiple customers at the recent RFID Live tradeshow in San Diego where the question of retailer ROI wasnt even a topic of discussion anymore. Another key priority for RBIS is of course margin expansion through further streamlining of S&A and rationalizing our manufacturing footprint. With the aggressive restructuring and other productivity actions underway, we expect RBIS to return to the margin expansion trajectory necessary to achieve our 2018 financial goals. In terms of the companys overall outlook for 2015, weve raised our adjusted EPS guidance by a $0.05, as we believe the execution of our strategies will more than offset the incremental pressure weve seen on the stronger dollar. Now, I will turn the call over to Anne.
Anne Bramman: Thanks, Dean, and hello, everyone. Im very pleased to join the Avery Dennison team. There were many compelling reasons for me to make this move. Ive enjoyed working for companies with leading market positions still Avery Dennison was obviously attractive from that perspective. And its very exciting to join a team with a proven track record for innovation and execution. Im obviously transitioning to a new space both in terms of industry and B2B focus; I look forward to bringing a different perspective to the team as I ramp up. Now adding to Deans commentary, I will provide a little more color on the quarter. In Q1, the company delivered a 25% increase in adjusted earnings per share on 3% organic sales growth. Currency translation and the effect of the extra week in the prior year had material impacts on reported sales growth and earnings. Currency translation reduced reported sales by 7.2% in the first quarter with an approximately $0.08 impact to EPS. The effect of the extra week in Q4 added an estimated 3 points to reported growth for Q1, which was worth roughly a $0.05 in terms of EPS. Adjusted operating margin in the first quarter improved 130 basis points to 8.4% as the benefit of productivity initiatives, higher volume, and improved product mix more than offset higher employee related costs. The company realized about $10 million of incremental savings from restructuring costs net of transition expenses. The adjusted tax rate was 34% consistent with the anticipated full-year tax rate in low to mid 30% range. Free cash flow was a negative $16 million, an improvement of $139 million compared to Q1 of last year. As Dean mentioned, a good portion of that claim was expected following the actions taken in 2014 to reduce the volatility associated with year-end changes in working capital. The company repurchased approximately 600,000 shares in the quarter at a cost of $34 million and paid $32 million in dividends. We remain committed to returning cash to shareholders and have sufficient capacity to continue our share buyback program in a disciplined manner. Now looking at the segments. Pressure-sensitive Materials sales were up approximately 4% on an organic basis; Label and Packaging Materials sales were up low-single digits; while combined sales for Performance Tapes and Graphics were up mid-single digits. On a regional basis, the pace of organic growth in both North America and Western Europe improved sequentially with North America up low-single digits and Western Europe growing mid-single digits. Organic growth from emerging regions was relatively low in Q1, up low-single digits due to continued softness in China and a significant decline in Russia offsetting continued strong growth in the Asian regions, India and Korea. PSMs adjusted operating margin of 11.5% was up 160 basis points compared to last year as the benefits from favorable product mix and higher volume combined with productivity more than offset higher employee related costs. Turning to Retail Branding and Information Solutions sales were up approximately 2% on organic basis and adjusted operating margin expanded by 60 basis points. In terms of the top line performance, Dean discussed the solid progress the team has made in improving the challenging trends in the value and contemporary segments of the market, as well as the continued strong performance in the form of segments. Adjusted operating margin improved 60 basis points in Q1 as the benefit of productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset higher employee related costs. As Dean mentioned, we expect increased margin expansion over the balance of the year as the team executes an aggressive set of restructuring and other productivity improvement initiatives while gaining leverage from higher volume. Sales in Vancive Medical Technologies achieving a positive contribution to earnings by year end. Turning now to the outlook of the balance of the year, we have raised our guidance for adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.25 to $3.45, reflecting the roughly $0.05 nickel beat to our expectations for Q1. We outlined some of the key contributing factors to the guidance on slide eight of our supplemental presentation materials. Note that three of the assumptions underlying our original guidance have changed and we have reflected those changes in our new outlook. Specifically, for the full-year, at recent exchange rates, we estimate that currency translation will reduce net sales by approximately 8.5% and pretax earnings by roughly $50 million or an estimated $0.35 per share. Combining carryover benefits from 2014 with new actions taken this year, we now estimate that restructuring initiatives will contribute roughly $70 million plus pretax or about $0.50 plus per share. Consistent with the increase and anticipated restructuring savings, we have raised our estimate for cash restructuring charges to $15 million pretax. Combined with other items, this raises our estimate for pro forma adjustment to GAAP earnings from $0.25 per share to $0.40 per share. As you can see, the rest of our key assumptions remain unchanged from what we shared last quarter. So, overall, we delivered a good first quarter. Our two market leading core businesses are well positioned for profitable growth, which combined with our continued focus on productivity and capital discipline will enable us to expand margins and increase returns and achieve our 2015 and 2018 targets. Now I will open the call up for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W Baird. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hey, guys, good morning. And Anne and Cyndy, welcome.
Anne Bramman: Thank you.
Cyndy Guenther: Thank you.
Ghansham Panjabi: First off on Europe and the increase in PSM growth there, but I think you said mid-single digits in Western Europe. Do you think thats in line with the market or a function of share gains? And also, what are you generally seeing in the macro in Europe across both businesses?
Dean Scarborough: Mitch, why dont you take that?
Mitch Butier: Yeah, so, broadly speaking, I think weve been telling that for a while that Europe has actually been coming in stronger than we had been anticipating based on the macro. But there is a big difference here between Eastern and Western Europe. Western Europe is actually showing really strong growth overall. I think if you look at some of the macro indicators as well, the consumer confidence and so forth, its showing positive performance in Western Europe, so we are seeing all that. Eastern Europe is different, particularly Russia. Weve seen a significant drop-off in Russia, part of that is market and part of that is share, to be quite honest. Because we source Russia from Europe, so our cost base is in euros and its getting more challenging to get into Russia from that perspective. So, overall, Europe is on the West very strong, East is a little bit weaker. We continue to be pleased with the performance and the team continue to do a great job of driving growth in the high profit segments, and we continue to still more discipline in lower profit segments.
Dean Scarborough: I think Ghansham from an overall perspective including RBIS, what we see there  we have some pretty tough comps from Europe. As you recall there, were going in the kind of double digit category for a number of quarters. The couple of our big retail customers have been reducing inventories over the last couple of quarters and thats put a little bit of pressure. So I would say that, that would be a slightly more negative outlook on Europe from RBIS, but we are hopeful that as the year progresses and the European economies get a little more solid that we will see some of the benefit there.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay thats helpful. And that the upside in cost savings for 2015, does that come to some extent from 2016 as a pull forward or is that actual cost savings from something new you found for this year?
Dean Scarborough: These are incremental actions from what we got previously.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay, but doesnt change anything in terms of 2016?
Dean Scarborough: No, we havent provided guidance on 2016. So..
Mitch Butier: So definitely there is some carryover into 2016.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay, alright. And then just finally on the margins for PSM in the first quarter I think at 11.5%, I think thats a record if I am not mistaken. How much of that was boosted by any one-offs such as lower raw material cost or anything else that may not recur as you kind of think about next year for example. Thanks so much.
Mitch Butier: As far as one-offs, there arent any one-off benefits that you see coming through within the quarter. It is above the high end of our targeted range that weve laid out and we still - when we laid out those long term target of 10% to 11%, we said we are targeting 11% because that level of this business is a very high returns business and we are focusing on achieving 4% to 5% organic growth rate. So no big benefits from that perspective as far as your question of other one-offs related to deflation, we have seen some deflation as Anne and Dean spoke to, but its been offset by the pricing that we have seen primarily carryover pricing from last year.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may begin sir.
George Staphos: Hi everyone, good morning. Welcome back Cindy, welcome and look forward to working with you. I guess couple of questions, first, on RBIS, if we go back and weve asked the question I guess in the past as well, 10 plus years RBIS or [indiscernible] has been a source of continual restructuring. What makes you feel at this juncture that this level of action or the actions that you are taking really put the business on a much more profitable, much more sustainably profitable footing for the future. And then I have some follow-ons.
Dean Scarborough: Yeah, George its a good question. I think if you look back kind of at the bottom mostly 2009, we made significant improvements and the returns of this business are roughly at an average of 100 basis points per year. I think the team has done a nice job reducing cost and improving service, improving our competitive position and I think the go forward plan would be continued focus on both delivering a balanced strategy which is decent top line growth 4% to 5%, which we think is doable given the market and also continuing to drive a lot of productivity. So we slipped off the track a little bit last year, we did expand margins last year despite the soft top line and  but what I see is a business definitely recovering here. And since we want to go back to age-old stories, I have to say RFID if I ever seen a turning point, its been these last few months talking to retailers in the U.S. At this trade show a couple of weeks ago, it was all about  it wasnt about is the payback  it was all about when and how they are going to implement this important technology. So I really see this as a definite upside for us over the next few years.
George Staphos: Okay. I want to get to RFID in a minute, but just back to RBIS, youve seen the margin improvement and thats good but it has required continual restructuring. And so do you think that you can get your 100 basis points of margin improvement to get to your goals by 2018, 2019 without further restructuring. And then on RFID, if you can take us through the backlog in terms of why you think business picks up in the second half of the year, whats the timeframe and what is the typical process for a retailing customer? Do they say, yes, we agree this is a fantastic thing and we contract with Avery Dennison for couple of stores and it takes a couple of quarters to low those stores and implement RFID. Can you give us a bit more detail around that? Thanks guys and I will turn it over at that point.
Mitch Butier: Sure, George. So on your first question, yes, we are confident where were going to be able to meet our 2018 objectives for this business both in terms of growth and margin expansion. To achieve those objectives and you are focusing in on margins, we do need a balanced strategy as Dean said which we do have of growth and productivity. This business has high I variable margins and also has a pretty high level of wage inflation every year. So we need a few points of growth every year to be able to maintain and expand margins there and then drive the productivity that we talk through. In order to achieve the 2018 targets, what we laid out, we actually knew well be continuing the restructuring within RBIS. And we will continue to restructure this business every year to continue to find opportunities to reduce cost. So the balanced strategy, nothing shifted on that front and were going to continue to execute that. I think one thing we did say we are making adjustments is making sure we are streamline our sales and customer service organizations to focus on some of the lower value segment if you will and weve seen good progress on that as you can see in the growth rate here in Q1. And particularly focused on the apparel batteries in China and North China. Thats where weve seen good progress as well. So yes is a short answer, but we are confident that we are going to 2018 target, but  yes, it requires further productivity as well as growth across all segments.
George Staphos: Thanks. So Id mention on the FRID.
Mitch Butier: Yeah, its interesting because I would say first of all most companies were taking longer time scalping up. They do 25 or 30 stores, whey would go the results. Then they would expand it to 100 or 150 [indiscernible] and then they ramp up. And I would say the cycle can last anywhere from 18 months to 36 months. This difference for me here was that retailers understand that to compete in an Omni channel environment. In other words, the ability for customers to operate both online and get products shipped to them or pick up products at the store. Inventory accuracy is fundamental to that strategy and RFID is the easiest way for them to achieve that. So what weve seen is the retailer now basically  their senior management is saying, we dont need to go through a second phase of test. We get the benefits, we saw it in the pilot, now its rolling out more effectively. So the pipeline of activity is quite substantial. Now that being said, its still very difficult to predict precisely quarter-by-quarter when those purchase orders will start rolling in. But Ive been around the RFID space for more than 10 years and for me its more intuitive but I definitely sense a change in mentally by U.S. retailer. So I think thats positive for us in the long term.
George Staphos: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli and Company. Please go ahead.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to all. If you look at the first quarter, you surprised yourself at least should be better than you anticipated. Can you share with us, Dean, where you saw the main differences versus what your initial expectations were.
Dean Scarborough: Yeah, its a good question, Rosemarie. So I think our expectations will obviously higher than the Street consensus, but that being said weve beat all internal expectations by about a nickel. And I think certainly the margin expansion in PSM was a contributing factor and a lot of that came from mix improvement. Frankly, now the team has been working hard at growing the higher profit segments and changing the price mix equation. Here we call last year, most of the conversation on the earnings call was why arent we getting any flow through from our volume growth, and the team has been working hard. So there was a real positive swing for that. So that was a net positive. And frankly, I was pleasantly surprised by the rebound in RBIS. The first quarter is a tough quarter for us because its seasonally low, and I think the team did a great job executing against the number of programs capturing tier from some key retailers and weve got a hot product in our heat transfer product customer, we are actually a little bit short in capacity right now. And we are adding capacity as we speak. So all those factors came together. I will say we normally dont raise guidance at the Q1 because its seasonally slow. So, I realize that a nickel may not sound that much, but for us we usually like to get two quarters behind us before we adjust our guidance. So, I think we are feeling obviously pretty good about the balance of the year.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Right, so in addition to the fact that your heat transfer is doing better as you probably benefited from lower cost for materials, is it too early to have a feel as to whether or not retailers are rebounding? I mean what do you hear out there?
Dean Scarborough: Well thats a good question. One of our data points unfortunately is import of parallel into the U.S. and because of the Long Beach strike stock isnt coming in. So we dont have a very good metric right now to see how retailers are feeling and weve had some anecdotal evidence where retailers are having issues finding ships to bring the new product over, I think that will all sort itself on in the next couple of quarters. I think U.S. retailers are net positive right now given the way the consumer market is playing out and European retailers were less positive last Christmas. Thats even holiday season, but somewhat more positive now. I would say given again that the relative strength in European economies.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thank you that is very helpful. Ill get back on line.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. It is Sofya [ph] in for Jeff, how are you?
Dean Scarborough: Good.
Unidentified Analyst: Couple of questions. Can you discuss what the initiatives are that you are targeting under the $50 million restructuring program and that is like what are the things that was interesting in looking at your results is that all of the margin improvement really came in on the gross margin line and it didnt really come in on the SG&A line, and so I was wondering whether you can touch on whether all the $10 million in cost savings effected the gross margin line, and also what projects you are targeting within the restructuring program for this year?
Mitch Butier: Sure, Sofya. We are talking a number of initiatives. So part of whats baked in here from the beginning is the restructuring that we have within graphics and the recapitalization of our graphics operations in Europe. We also took some actions and more you are going to see it really kick in more in Q2 and beyond, around just SG&A reductions. So, weve had some actions within both segments, as well as at the corporate level to reduce cost, but also its not just about reducing cost were also just creating more of a stream line linkage between our marketing in R&D organizations for example and pressure sensitive, as well as some other changes really to get just more dynamic within the marketplace while also further reducing cost. So, SG&A is an area, youve heard about the graphics here of actions and were taking some additional foot print actions within RBIS. We just recently announced the closure of a couple of facilities in the South Eastern U.S. So there is a number of actions across the board that are happening and that we are working through.
Unidentified Analyst: Just add on to that if you look at for the full year, roughly about two-thirds of the savings will impact SG&A and then the remainder will be in the gross profit line.
Cyndy Guenther: And dont forget, Sofya, that product mix benefit that Dean and Mitch were talking about clearly benefitted us on GP.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah. If you took out the  there sis like some carry over from like negative pricing from last year probably in pressure center, but if you took out the negative carry over what was your raw material benefit in the quarter and what do you think it maybe for the year if you had to guess?
Dean Scarborough: We cant really predict. As you know we like specialty products by and large both chemicals as well as papers and we just dont have forward visibility not only to our own volume, but also to just whats going to be happening in the market. So, we have not tried to predict whats going to happen in the future as far as commodities market. We did see some sequential deflation, but that was something that we were anticipating and was part of as we said we look at  weve always talked about this in a net basis, looking at price and raw material cost and as you look at the price reduction that weve been having through last year included in Q4 thats have been offset by some of the recent deflation that weve had.
Unidentified Analyst: So net benefit was zero you think?
Dean Scarborough: Correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. In the pressure sensitive materials segment, the organic volume growth was  in my opinion phenomenon like 4% on top of like 6% last year, is that rate sustainable for the year seeing, I mean is there  do you have visibility where you are gaining share and do you think you can carry this rate of growth forward for the year.
Mitch Butier: Well, Sofya, our long term target is 4% to 5% and the difference this quarter was very solid growth in mature markets and a little weaker in emerging markets. I would expect over time for emerging markets growth to kick back in. I think we mentioned China and Russia were pulling us down a little bit on the emerging market side. So, its really hard to predict. Im real happy with the 4% to your point, but we got there a little differently than I would have expected.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes Im even surprised there was this much domestic strength. I mean its a little bit different from what we hear from other commentary and like in other retail trend. So it sounds like that you must have gained a little bit of market share as well?
Dean Scarborough: Well our focus on the high value segment that we have been talking is  those are places where we do have relatively lower share and so absolutely that is around share gain. So, yes is the short answer to your question. I wouldnt say in the categories where we are the market leader that are you are seeing the share gains, it is more in the areas like graphics in specialty and so forth.
Unidentified Analyst: My last question would be, as of component of the total pressure sensitive materials business, how bigger are the higher value-add segments now, what do they comprise of the total business?
Dean Scarborough: So, in total I mean its not like there is a black and white high value segment and low value segments. If you look at tapes and graphics and reflective solutions in total those are about a quarter of the total PSM and within PSM, films is a high value segment in many regions and you have specialty as well, which is over 10% of the LPM business. So its a good portion in this varying degrees of high value versus low value, when we talk about the focus on high value, if you targeted segments that are around 40% or so of the total.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks very much. Ill get back into queue.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Just wanted to follow-up on RBIS value and contemporary, you all shared there last quarter and I think you indicated in your prepared remarks that your team is making progress in gains share back, my question is and I apologize if I missed this, but were sales in value and contemporary, did they continue to lag in the first quarter and as you exited the quarter you saw some trends that you liked or were you recapturing share in 1Q in those segments?
Dean Scarborough: So the negative, so basically we are still down in the quarter year-over-year. We started to really get share in the back half of the year, really Q2 through Q4, but they were a lot less negative than they were in the fourth quarter. And we know anecdotally that we have gained some program. Some of that should actually start to show up in the second quarter. But more importantly, most of that business resides in North Asia, which is basically China and Asian, and that regions show nice positive growth for us. So were pleased to see that and that was a reversal of the trend, so we are feeling good about the trend. So we are not exactly where we want to be yet.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thats very helpful. And then just kind of a bigger picture question for Dean or Anne. Over the last few years, youve obviously taken steps to reduce volatility of your cash flows and improve your margins. And given youve realized some good success on those initiatives, I was wondering how you think about the long-term leverage target in terms of being may be at the upper-end or the lower-end of that range or even reconsidering the range given your leverage versus some of your peers either on the packaging or the chemical, you appear to be a little bit under levered?
Anne Bramman: So, Ill take this one. It was actually a part of a conversation, part of me joining the company as far as the companys philosophy around this. And then we just did a pretty in-depth analysis on this as well. And quite frankly, we are very comfortable with the approach that weve been taking and are sticking to that measure. Our target  we are targeting a net debt to EBITDA between 1.7 and 2. And we use that as a proxy for the rating agencies that we are looking at, but we do believe that is the right target for maintaining liquidity in all scenarios and then making sure that we achieve the lowest weighted cost of capital across the business as well. So we are continuing to target that BBB [indiscernible] in order to have access to the markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thats helpful. I will turn it over.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Chris Kapsch with BB&T. You may go ahead.
Chris Kapsch: Yeah, I guess good morning out there in the West coast. I just wanted to follow-up on the margin strength in pressure-sensitive materials segment. Obviously, that was a key source of the upside in the guidance revision. In the past, youve talked about the margins in that business from the emerging market business being higher than the Western regions and then in the quarter, you talked about a little bit better strength in the Western regions and a little deceleration in some of these emerging markets. So Im just wondering if you can reconcile that mix shift in terms of the contribution to the upsides for the margins in that business.
Dean Scarborough: Yeah, so the sales growth was higher in relative terms than what we have seen traditionally within emerging markets within that business. And the margins are higher in the emerging markets, particularly Asia, than you see in the Western, particularly Europe margins overall. So if you look at our  I think what youre asking is do we have a kind of mix hit  regional mix hit because of the growth levels. And the answer is, thats more than offset by the product mix benefit that we are getting by driving growth in the high-value product categories. As well as what weve talked about in Q4 was instilling more discipline in some of the less differentiated segments around in pricing and how we go to market in those segments as well. So its a combined mix of all that. But I want to call out also that we are kind highlighting mix here, but productivity and cost out were a significant part of the margin expansion that we had within the segment. And we talked about that we are going to be accelerating our efforts there both to reduce cost, ensure we can hit our goals, but also to ensure that we are even more competitive in these less differentiated segments. So, thats what you are seeing come through here, Chris.
Chris Kapsch: I see. And then just a follow-up on that. Rebalancing of pricing and mix that you just alluded to, did that  in some of the less differentiated segments, which I assume youre talking about more in label and packaging versus graphic and performance tapes, did that entail just walking away from any businesses or any business or customers or conversely did you successfully implement any price increases in those areas?
Dean Scarborough: Both. We actually implemented some price increases targeted and in some cases, we actually  and this is more around Q4 and I talked about this last time where there was previously some business in Q4 that we would go after that we didnt go after because it was just not that the margin that we need.
Chris Kapsch: Is there any regions that are  where you feel like the market is more receptive to pricing versus others in some of these less differentiated product lines?
Mitch Butier: I wouldnt say this is really a regional matter. This is really going to get down into the details, customer by customer, product by product, and thats the focus that we are giving and we are really using  adding EVA as an overall focus not just gross margin and making sure that product by product, account by account, that weve got the right EVA lens and achieving what we need to be achieving. So, broadly speaking, I wouldnt talk about regions that are more receptive to pricing because we have in areas where we have experienced some deflation like in films areas weve given some price reductions to be able to make sure we are continuing to grow competitively.
Chris Kapsch: I see. And if I could just follow-up quickly on the RBIS segment, a challenge for that businesses over the years has been the retail space sort of operating their businesses with less and less inventory. And Im just wondering, the first quarter has obviously never been a seasonally strong one, so Im wondering if the  what youve seen there is supportive of any notion that maybe retailers with consumers having a little bit of relief from energy prices, if there is any notion that they may be looking to bolster their inventories a little bit?
Dean Scarborough: First, its a great question. But I think the focus for retailers right now is making sure they have the right inventory. And thats why we see so much energy and activity around RFID. I think retailers before every season are always positive. The new items that they have are going to be terrific, but if they have been very disciplined in that kind of overbuy, and we did have a couple of large European retailers who purposely cut back last year to just reduce the level of stocks. They just thought they had too much. So I dont think were going to see a massive increase in inventories because of retailer overconfidence, but I do think we will see increased adoption of RFID to make sure they have what the customer wants.
Chris Kapsch: I see. And just a follow-up on that because I appreciate your comment about omni-channel and its increased importance. Just as these retailer customers look at their CapEx budgets, Im just wondering with the shift in CapEx towards omni-channel versus a new square footage growth, which just hasnt been happening. It seems like RFID is sort of now looked at, at least the way you are looking at it as sort of a subset of omni-channel, so Im just wondering as  the folks that control the purse strings on the CapEx side at the retailers, are they looking at cutting more or  are they looking at increasing the spending in RFID because of the compliments of omni-channel, is that what you are sort of getting at?
Dean Scarborough: Yeah, so thats what we are hearing. And I think for me the real  lots of interest, lots of activity, lots of piloting, much more intensity around the activity. And of course when it comes right down to it, I wont 100% believe until I see those purchase orders cut. But I do expect to see a strong growth component in the second half of the year. And its still relatively unpredictable on what the ramp looks like.
Chris Kapsch: All right. Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital. You may go ahead.
Taylor Saunders: Hi, this is actually Taylor Saunders on for Scott this morning.
Dean Scarborough: Hi, Taylor.
Mitch Butier: Hi, Taylor.
Taylor Saunders: Congratulations on the quarter. Just a couple of quick follow-ups, most of my questions have been answered. But firstly, I guess, organic sales in both segments were pretty good in my opinion. I was just wondering if you could provide any color on what you are seeing so far in 2Q if you think that strength is going to continue.
Mitch Butier: Yeah, so weve only had the first few weeks of shipments and the comps are pretty tough because youve got Easter timing shifting and a number of holidays that happen in spring in Europe. So overall where, as you know, organic growth 3% to 4%. First few weeks are a little bit softer than that to be quite honest but its normal within the normal band that wed see for a few things and the comps are pretty tough right now that we are looking at. So overall its worth coming in, but we are still committed and expect to 3% to 4% for the full year.
Taylor Saunders: Okay understand. And then any update I guess on what you are seeing just with the M&A environment right now and your views on potential to do, maybe some smaller bolt-on acquisitions.
Mitch Butier: Well, good question. Weve had an active pipeline for a while, nothing eminent again pretty much all small bolt-on type acquisitions and again I think a very high, they are all private companies that we undertake. So it takes time and valuations can sometimes give it to RBIC. We are pretty disciplined about what we are willing to pay. So we will see.
Taylor Saunders: Alright. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may go ahead sir.
GeorgeStaphos: Hi guys. A few quick ones to wrap it from our side and I just want to peg you back on a question that Chris had also earlier. And I wasnt quite sure I understood the answer in terms of geographic mix. So historically, EM is higher margin, EM grew less quickly, but margins are up, so can you back through very quickly, what the drivers of that work given what is normally been the geographical mix tend in PSM.
Dean Scarborough: So George, you are trying to  I guess what you are asking is that, geographic mix a positive or negative for the quarter.
George Staphos: Yes. I would guess based on history that it would have been negative, yet it sound like it was a positive and just trying to reconcile that or correct but I might have not heard correctly.
Dean Scarborough: I think its kind of a rising tide list although, okay. I mean every region has been executing fundamentally the same strategy I believe that we saw margin improvement in every geography. And the focus on driving higher growth and high return segments was the dominant factor. I dont believe look at the geographic mix piece.
Mitch Butier: The geographic mix piece is not as much it is relatively neutral overall George and part of it as we talk about emerging markets where came in, Russia was one of the reasons for that. Russia is not one of the higher margins of the emerging market. So overall on the geographic piece, its relatively neutral but overtime we would expect it to be a tailwind for us, something that lift margins overtime but we think that benefit until we got the product mix.
George Staphos: Understand. Thanks for that.
Anne Bramman: To that point George, I would also add  we are talking about China being a little soft specifically around moving away from some lower margin product and we did see a lift in the margin in China year-on-year.
George Staphos: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you for all of that folks. And secondly and just a quick question, I think the answer would be no but I want to check it out anyway. Some of the work that we do survey vice and one of the other sections that we look at had picked up that apparel expectations had improved from some of the company that we track to sell packaging into these markets. Now since most of the apparels coming from offshore, it would suggest that perhaps there has some supplier response maybe because of the poor situation here domestically, have you seen any kind of indication to that effect where you are starting to see some apparel being product here or not from your radar screen?
Dean Scarborough: Yeah, it would be so small, George, it would be a blip for us. There isnt enough apparel making capacity in this region to make a significant difference. I think what retailers are doing  and again this is anecdotal, some of them to get product in are using air and one the issues they are facing isnt so much the bottleneck at ports here in LA. Its the fact that the ships are taking longer to get back to Asia to pickup products. So I actually think this will all be sorted out in the next few months. So I think its going to be a relatively minor blip.
George Staphos: Okay.
Mitch Butier: Theres some shift mix to Latin America, but also you are seeing it out of China. You are shifting towards Vietnam and so forth. Those trends are continuing. But South China is still such a huge apparel hub that we still expect that to be the lions share of apparel manufacturing.
George Staphos: Okay. Appreciate that. The last question from us, more the macro question, I think Taylor was getting at it a little bit earlier. Historically, PSM has been a fantastic indicator for the economy is going and you obviously saw a better than expected first quarter from a volume growth standpoint. Do you get any sense specific to pressure-sensitive in the market that you sell into that even with GDP being, I guess, today 20 bps perhaps a little bit stronger underpinning as we head down to the next three quarters of the year? Thanks guys and good luck.
Dean Scarborough: Yeah, I will comment and I will let Mitch to just comment as well. So last year was not a great year for the North American pressure sensitive market, it was down three quarters I think up a little bit, one quarter. So, we did see nice growth. We dont have the market data yet for this quarter. Id like to see a couple of quarters of sequential growth to kind of gain my confidence level. I obviously saw the same numbers you did this morning on GDP, but I know theres been awful lot of numbers on export reductions, not surprisingly. But Id say, Im going to reserve my judgment until at least another quarter of market activity for PSM. Mitch what do you think?
Mitch Butier: Its just overall, I mean its tough to link our performance to whats going on in the macro, but overall if you look at where our growth was in some of the higher value segments and where we know some of thats been driven by share gain, if you take that away, if you look in North America, the volumes within LPM it is not great growth. So, some of the growth that we are talking about is coming across strong, due to the penetration in the high value segments. Western Europe, its surprisingly strong, the level of growth that were seeing there, both in the market, as well as what we are experiencing ourselves is continuing to surprise us to the upside. So, Id say North America seems, I think the numbers we quoted shouldnt read too much into the macro because its also around the focus on the high mix products and then within Europe though that definitely seems to be underlying strength. In China, we are seeing, what we described is exactly what we are experiencing right now, even when you pull comps away there is a little bit of slow down that we are experiencing in China.
Operator: And with that speakers, we will go to our last question from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli. Please go ahead.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Just very quickly, we didnt touch on when seen and I know it is small and the 11% top line growth is quite strong, and you expect that particular business to be profitable or at least break-even by year end, what kind of a growth rate should we anticipate and what kind of a profitability based on that? I mean going out to 2016, obviously not this year.
Dean Scarborough: I think in our long-term targets we set was 5% top line growth and maybe a little higher than that and then operating margins, cant recall at the top of my head, 9% something like that.
Mitch Butier: Yes, but we are basically focused on, this business is getting breakeven at the end of this year and then continuing by driving growth as well as productivity getting this business to be comparable to the other businesses by the 2018 horizon on margins, but through its higher growth rate and we are expecting more than 5%, whereas the other ones we are expecting 4% to 5%.
Rosemarie Morbelli: When we talking there, we are talking about dates for lack of band-aids or whatever which are going to deliver medication directly through the skin, correct?
Dean Scarborough: No, so these are not transdermal drug delivery mechanisms, they are wound care basically, so think about a high-tech band-aid with anti-microbial protection to prevent infection basically, as well as we have a lot of other wound care related products.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Alright. Thank you very much.
Mitch Butier: Youre welcome.
Dean Scarborough: I assume thats the last question. So, thanks for listening this morning. We are obviously pleased with first quarter. We believe we are positioned to win in all key segments of the market and we are particularly happy that the course corrections that we began implementing last year are going through. We will continue to drive growth through innovation and superior quality and service, while reducing the fixed cost structure for both PSM and RBIS to significantly expand operating margin and return on capital and we will maintain our strong balance sheet and continuing to return capital to shareholders. So, thanks for joining us today and I look forward to seeing many of you very soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for you participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds - Head of IR Dean Scarborough - Chairman and CEO Mitch Butier - President, COO and CFO
Analysts: Mehul Dalia - Robert W. Baird George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company Jeff Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chris Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Rob - Credit Suisse Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year Ended January 3, 2015. This call is being recorded and will be available for reply from 10 AM Pacific Time today to midnight Pacific Time February 5. To access the replay please dial 1-800-633-8284 or 406-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21734744. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Today, we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited fourth quarter and full year 2014 results. Please note that unless otherwise indicated, today's discussion will be focused on our continuing operations. The non-GAAP measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A-2 to A-5 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman and CEO; and Mitch Butier, President, COO and CFO. I will now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks, Eric. And good day, everyone. 2014 represented another year of solid progress toward our strategic and long-term financial goal. We delivered 3% growth in organic sales and 16% growth in adjusted earnings per share while boosting return on capital by nearly 3 points. We maintained our strong capital discipline, returning over $480 million to investors through dividends and share repurchase. We raised the dividend by 21% in 2014 and repurchased 7.4 million shares. Free cash flow came in below our original expectations for the year due largely to the combined effects of currency and actions we took to reduce the volatility associated with year-end changes in working capital level. Going forward, we expect to see return to our consistent pattern of delivering solid free cash flow. We remain highly confident in our strategy and in our ability to achieve the long-term financial goals we communicated last May. We will grow through innovation and differentiated quality and service. Our significant exposure to faster growing emerging markets, global share gain opportunities in performance tapes and graphics, and our leadership position in RFID will continue to be key catalysts of long-term growth for the company. We will further expand margins through productivity and leveraging our global scale that reflected in the increase to 2014 and 2015 restructuring investments. We will continue to optimize our use of capital in terms of both investment strategy and our disciplined approach to shareholder distribution. Any long-term strategy requires some mid course correction and we are in the process of executing some of those now. We are strengthening the long-term competitive positions of all of our segments including actions to adapt through recent challenges in RBIS. What continues to guide our actions is our commitment to achieving our long-term financial objectives, which we set with the view to delivering above average returns for our shareholders. In this regard, 2015 represents an important milestone for us as the final year of measurement for the full year financial targets we first communicated in 2012.  I am very pleased to report that we are well on track to meeting those objectives. We included our scorecard in the supplemental materials we distributed earlier this morning. Without walking you through all the metrics, I'll just highlight that anticipated compound annual growth and adjusted EPS over this four-year period is expected to be roughly 20%. Last year, we established aggressive new five year targets through 2018 and we are already making progress towards achieving them. Weve had a slow start on the organic growth front, but are taking actions to strengthen our competitive position in all of our key market segments to ensure that we stay on track for both mid-teens compound annual growth in adjusted EPS as well as the four plus point improvement in return on total capital by 2018. Achievement of these goals will deliver strong growth in EVA for both of our core businesses and of course for the company overall. So let me just touch briefly on our three businesses. Pressure-sensitive Materials delivered its third consecutive year of strong volume growth, while maintaining its profitability and high return on capital. This is a great business, but we believe it can be even better. I am really pleased to see our already high performance team demonstrating a heightened sense of urgency. The team has made good progress addressing the product mix challenges we faced last year and in the first half of 2014, by accelerating growth in high return segments. We are continuing to invest in growth while reducing fixed cost to ensure we can win and grown in all key market segments. I know everyone is keenly focused on the raw material outlook for PSM. Now, recall that over the long run, material input costs and pricing rise and fall together in this business, albeit with some lag. It's very difficult to predict the overall impact to the full year. Though, while we may see some short-term benefits, the cost outlook for the second half is highly uncertain, as is the timing of any pass through. Retail branding and information solutions faced top line growth challenges this year, reflecting share loss in the value and contemporary segments of the market, offset by solid growth in RFID and the performance segment. To address the recent top line challenges, we are focusing our sales efforts to recapture share while reducing fixed costs and aligning resources to better serve all segments of the market. We're expecting improvement in our growth trajectory by mid-year and to resume our strong pace for margin expansion. We continue to see significant opportunities for top line growth. RFID remained a key growth catalyst. Unfortunately, the sales trajectory can be somewhat choppy in this relatively early adoption phase for the industry as evidenced by a year-on-year decline for RFID sales in the fourth quarter. With the few customers driving a significant share of our total volume today, we do expect some continued volatility, but our customers remain fully committed to the technology and our partnership. And we are seeing quite a bit of new interest in pilots and rollouts and we continue to expect RFID to grow 15% to 20% through 2018. As far as the core market is concerned, I'm confident in the team's ability to adapt to recent challenges. Underlying demand for apparel hasn't changed. And our value proposition for the performance and premium segments of the market remains strong. Admittedly, we were not as focused as we should have been on meeting the needs of the value and contemporary segment, but we know what we have to do here and we have the will and the proven capability to get it done. Finally, Vancive, our small but high potential medical products business delivered 8% organic growth for the year at the high end of our long-term target. We expect to significantly reduce the operating loss of this business in 2015, and are still investing here ahead of growth. We remain focused on achieving a sustainable breakeven run rate in 2015. Wrapping up, we expect this year to be a year of strong operational improvement for the company. Adjusting for a roughly $0.25 hit from currency translation, our EPS guidance reflects a growth rate of about 15% at the high end of our long-term target with further expansion of our return on capital and the continued commitment to returning cash to shareholders.  Now I'll turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, Dean. And hello, everyone. As Dean mentioned we are focused on driving profitable growth to differentiate quality, service and innovation. With a specific focus on opportunities with greater growth in margin potential such as tapes, graphics, RFID and of course emerging market. We have and will continue to invest in these key opportunities. We are adding new coding capabilities to support growth for LCM and industrial tapes in Asia. We recapitalized a graphic business as part of restructuring program in Europe and we are expanding our commercial capabilities in a number of these important market segment.  We will also continue to improve our cost structure and maintain our capital discipline. This has been strength of ours over the years and it is something we will continue to focus on as evidenced by our increased level of restructuring savings estimated for 2015. I want to highlight that our productivity focus is not just about lowering costs and expanding margin, which are both obviously very crucial but also about becoming more competitive so we can grow profitably and better serve the less differentiated segment of our market. This is right overall strategy but I can tell you after my first 90 days as COO that we will be making some adjustments to the execution of this strategy that I believe will make us more competitive and further improve return in both of our core businesses. Let me just touch on some of these course correction. In the near term we face three key challenges. Rebalancing the dynamics between price, volume and mix and Pressure-sensitive Materials. Expanding margin in a less differentiated segments of this business. And winning in the value and contemporary segment in RBIS.  In terms of PSM's price volume mix balance, we've already seen some progress with product mix actually being a modest positive to EBIT in the fourth quarter, we will continue to drive for improved mixed by focusing on the higher growth and margin potential segment of the market. In terms of other few challenges, the course corrections actually share a common thing. Both PSM and RBIS are in the process of further reducing the fixed cost structures to be more competitive in the less differentiated segments of their market. As I said earlier, these aren't just short-term cost place, it is part of our long-term strategy to win in a market place, expand margin and improve return. With these refinements underway, we are confident in our ability to achieve our long-term goal. My focus here is same as it has always been to deliver exceptional value for our customers and employees and our shareholders.  Now I'll provide some color on the quarter. In Q4, we delivered a 30% increase and adjusted earnings per share on 1% organic sales growth with modest top line growth in PSM offsetting a decline RBIS. The impact of currency translation and the extra week were significant. Currency translation reduced reported sales by 3.7% in the fourth quarter and the extra week added 4.5%. Adjusted operating margin in the fourth quarter improved 70 basis points to 8.1% as the benefit of productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset the net impact of raw material input costs and pricing. Restructuring saving in the quarter were $8 million and approximately $35 million for the year. And our adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 26% and 31% for the full year better than expected due to the benefit of tax planning in the fourth quarter. The difference in our tax rate compared to the prior year contributed about $0.07 of EPS to the year, all which came in Q4. And the extra week provided a modest benefit to EPS for the year approximately nickel per share, all of which also benefited in Q4.  Free cash flow was $122 million in the fourth quarter and $204 million for the year. Full year free cash fell well short of our usual 100% plus conversion of net income reflecting a combination of currency effects and higher working capital. As Dean mentioned, those higher working capital levels were due in large parts to steps we took to reduce the volatility associated with yearend customer receipt and vendor payment. We've begun to see the impact of those actions in 2015 with a roughly $40 million favorable swing in cash flow in the first weeks of January. Going forward we expect to resume our pattern of delivering free cash flow above the levels of net income.  We repurchased 7.4 million shares in 2014 at a cost of $356 million and ended the year with roughly 92.5 million shares outstanding including dilution. We remained committed to returning cash to shareholders and have sufficient capacity to continue our share buyback program in a disciplined manner. But we are not as under leveraged as we look based on the simple net debt to EBITDA calculation of 1.4 yearend. As we said in the past, this ratio serves as a simple proxy for the rating agency measure that guides our policies for maintaining a solid balance sheet and optimal long-term cost of capital. The rating agency measures included a number of adjustments to debt that are exclusive from our simple metric such as the addition of under funded pension liabilities. The change in discount rates in 2014 among other factors increased our under funded pension liability by $170 million reducing our near-term leverage capacity, but again we have sufficient capacity to continue or disciplined share buyback program.  Looking at the segments. Pressure-sensitive Materials sales in the fourth quarter were up approximately 2% on an organic basis due in part to tough comps against the prior year. Label impacted immaterial sales were up low single digit while combined sales with performance tapes and graphic were up mid-single digits, which graphics back on track as a services use in Europe are now largely behind us.  On a regional basis, sales in North America declined modestly due to a combination of weekend market demand as well as loss of some low margin business. Western Europe was up low single digits slower than the pace we've seen earlier in the year and emerging regions grew mid single digits with the continuation of the softer growth we saw in Q3 for Asia Pacific, continued strong growth in Latin America and a modest decline in Eastern Europe.  PSM's adjusted operating margin of 10.6% in the fourth quarter was up 100% basis points compared to last year as the benefits from productivity and higher volumes were partially offset by the net impact of pricing and raw material input costs. Results from Retail Branding and Information Solutions were disappointing. Sales declined 5% on an organic basis and operating margin contracted as the benefit of productivity initiatives and lower cost run incentive compensation were insufficient to overcome the impact of lower volume and other factors.  We commented during previous earnings call on the share loss we've been experiencing within the value and contemporary segments in the US. While the rate of decline lessen in the fourth quarter for these segments, demand by European based retailers and brand owners which have been relatively strong for the better part of the year slowed in Q4. A large part of the slowdown among European customers reflects lower than expected sales of RFID products. RFID revenue was down by more than 10% on an organic basis in the fourth quarter due to the choppy demand that been discussed earlier.  Outside of RFID, as I've said, we are focused on recapturing share in less differentiated segments of the market by redirecting efforts of our sales and customer service teams who serve factories in Asia particularly in China. At the same time, we are reducing our cost structure to improve competitiveness and continue to expand margins.  Sales in Vancive Medical Technologies grew over 30% in the fourth quarter partly reflecting a delay in order that negatively impacted the third quarter. The segment's operating loss declined to nearly breakeven due largely to volume growth.  In 2015, we will continue to focus on a milestone needed to drive long-term growth of this platform with the objective of achieving positive contribution and earnings by yearend.  Turning now to the outlook for 2015. All things considered, we anticipate adjusted earning per share to be in the range of $3.20 to $3.40. Now I have to admit that this is one of the more challenging years we've had to call in a while due to extreme volatility in currency exchange rate and commodities markets. Having said that, we are focused on accelerating our cost reduction initiative to position ourselves to achieve our long-term goals regardless of the macro environment. We've outlined some of the key contributing factors to this guidance on slide 9 of our supplemental presentation materials. We estimate between 3% and 4% organic sales growth which is adjusted for the loss of the extra week of sales in 2014. While we are optimistic that the commercial actions we are taking will bolster organic growth in the back half of 2015. We are cautious about the near-term outlook given the weaker volumes we saw in Q4. Certainly in RBIS but also for label and packaging materials in North America and Asia. At current exchange rates, we estimate that currency translation will reduce net sales by approximately 6.5% and pretax earning by roughly $35 million or $0.25 a share. Combining carryover benefits from 2014 with new actions taken this year, we estimate that restructuring initiatives will contribute roughly $60 million pretax, or about $0.45 a share.  We expect that 2015 tax rate back in the normal range. We've seen over the past few years in the low to mid 30% range.  We estimate average shares outstanding assuming dilution of roughly 91 million shares reflecting our continued return of capital to shareholders and our outlook for free cash flow includes fixed and IP capital expenditures of approximately $175 million and cash restructuring cost of approximately $35 million.  Importantly, our guidance for 2015 is consistent with the progress necessary to achieve our long-term financial goal. Slide 10 of the supplement materials highlight our progress against our 2012 and 2015 targets while Slide 11 shows progress against the new 2018 targets we provided this last year. We are pleased with what we expect to accomplish through the end of 2015, a roughly 20% compound annual growth and adjusted earnings per share over four years. And ROTC well on its way to the 16% plus target we set for 2018. We are confident that we will achieve the new set of objectives we've laid out for 2018 and we will continue to adjust course as necessary to ensure we do so. As we've said before, while we may be please, we won't be satisfied until we achieve all of our goals.  In summary, we delivered another quarter and year of strong earnings per share growth despite a number of challenges. Our two market leading core businesses are well positioned for profitable growth which combined with our continued focus on productivity and capital discipline will enable us to expand margins and increase returns and achieve our 2015 and 2018 targets.  Now we'll be happy to open it to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first our question from the line Ghansham Panjabi, Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead, sir.
Mehul Dalia: Hi, good morning. It is actually Mehul Dalia sitting in for Ghansham. How are you doing? What are you expecting in terms of free cash flow for 2015? Any range that you can give us.
Mitch Butier: Just that basically a converting a thing, we are going to get more than 100% of net income and free cash flow going forward. 
Mehul Dalia: Okay, great. And with working capital [Technical Difficulty] -- lower raw material cost in 2015, is there any reason that shouldn't be the case for the year? 
Mitch Butier: I am sorry, can you repeat your question, some one kind of walked over your -- first part of your question. 
Operator: And our next question will be from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
George Staphos: Hi, well, maybe out of a question of fairness. You want to put Mehul back in the queue and then I'll go next. 
Mitch Butier: We will go for Mehul after you, George. Thanks.
George Staphos: Okay, understood. Thanks and good day everybody. I guess the question I had to start was on strategy. So if we rewind the tape and correct me where I am not phrasing it correctly, in the years -- last couple of years, you have been trying to grow more aggressively potentially even in markets where there was maybe lower margin because you thought it was positive for EVA, and if we fast forward to the current time, and this isn't a shocker. You've talked about this on evolving base for last few quarters, it sounds like you need to further reduce cost to be able to grow in some of the markets that you would like to grow into. So the question is did you initially as an enterprise misgauge your cost competitiveness versus peers and some of these markets that you wanted to grow at? And if that's the case, how do you know that youve still got the correct bead now on where your cost position needs to be going forward? 
Dean Scarborough : George, this is Dean. That's a good question. In PSM specifically, our strategy has been pretty much the same in terms of growing in the higher return segments, so that's graphics, performance tapes, our specialty products, et cetera. I think where weve got a little bit out of balance was in some of the more paper based segments especially in Asia, what was clear that we had room to grow on a positive EVA basis last year and we just overshot the mark. I think the teams were a little too aggressive, and the mix started to deteriorate somewhat and we didn't need to do it. And then, the course correction has actually helped us, and you can see the numbers certainly in the fourth quarter I think are a good indication of that. That being said, I think now with new management in materials, we're just taking another look and saying we wanted to be even more competitive in those segments, are there things we can do to tweak the strategy and accelerate our growth a little bit more. So some of that is around innovation in some of those lower margin segments, its material cost out, and it is also a reflection of our cost to survey, since I think we have a more precise view on what it takes to compete in those segments. So we are going to continue to grow our share in those segments, and we are confident that we can hit our 2018 goals for growth as well as deliver the margin targets that we had for PSM in 2018.
George Staphos: Okay. I guess two questions, and then I'll go back in queue. If we think about RFID, everything that we've heard from the company and our contacts over the last couple of years, the price points have become even more competitive for somebody wanting to explore RFID making payback period even much more attractive to a retailer looking to roll this out, recognizing that it is very lumpy, it is driven by a couple of customers at a time, why do you think rollout for RFID has maybe slowed a bit despite what you would advertise as a really good return to your customers if they adopt this? So thatd be question number one. And then on the restructuring and other savings that you expect for this year, I think you said $60 million. Correct me if I am wrong, I thought the last goal on that was $35 million, so an incremental amount here. Where are you finding, where should we find if we had visibility into this -- those incremental savings would come from? Thanks. I'll jump back in.
Dean Scarborough : Okay, George, I'll handle the first question on RFID. Id liken RFID to EAS, Electronics Article Security which also has a good payback for retailers and I would say it took probably 25 years for it to become 80% penetrated in the retail market. The fact is that retailers, because of the complexity of the number of stores they have, because of the opportunities they have to invest in a lot of different things, the technology investments by retailers simply take a long time to roll out. So, as I look at RFID, I think that's reflective of why we think this business which is nicely profitable for us will continue to grow at a nice rate. In the fourth quarter, we had a large customer who is big in RFID that expanded the number of items that they had in their stores last year. And then this year, reduced their inventory say probably werent as competitive as they wanted to be in the market place. Interestingly enough, they didn't cut back on the percentage of items that are tagged with RFID, but they said theyll lower their inventories and that did have an impact on us. I will say that at the National Retail Federation show early in January, we probably heard more excitement, enthusiasm by US and Asian retailers than we've ever seen before. So we remain highly confident that this product line is going to continue expand.
Mitch Butier: Yes. Just I guess the only thing to add on that Dean said earlier demand has been choppy over the years. And this decline isn't similar to the decline we had a couple of years ago when one major retailer was pulling back. There is nobody really pulling back from what we are seeing. It's just because it's concentrated with relatively few number of retailers it will be choppy for a while as they roll out their programs. So as far as restructuring you are asking did the number increase. So we have basically accelerating restructuring initiatives for going forward, for all the regions we've laid out and $60 million of the anticipated levels of savings for what we are planning on right now. And roughly half of that is carryover from actions that we implemented in 2015, and the rest of it is from new actions as well, which will obviously have a carryover benefit going into 2016 as well.
Operator: And our next question will be from the line of Ghansham Panjabi. Please go ahead. 
Mehul Dalia: Hi, it's actually Mehul still. Thanks for getting me back in. My second question is also free cash flow related. Working capital, it seems like it should benefit from the timing of tender payment and also lower raw materials cost. Is there any reason not to assume that?
Mitch Butier: Well, free cash flow will benefit from the timing of payment and the yearend of timing that we talked through earlier. And that had about -- we estimated about $40 million swing which is how much free cash flow we saw in the first few weeks of the year improved in 2015. As far as the lower raw material costs, yes, that will have lower inventory but it will also have lower payable so it is really the question of how much sticks through on the bottom line which we commented on pretty hard to predict overall and over the long run as been commented earlier. Raw material and our end pricing end up matching up over the long run.
Mehul Dalia: [Multiple Speakers] Okay, great. And just one last one. How much do you think working capital -- the working capital initiative that you talked about in 2014, how much do you think that cost it you free cash flow for 2014?
Mitch Butier: How much it cost us for 2015?
Mehul Dalia: 2014, so then working capital initiatives that you talked about just trying to see what normalized free cash flow in 2014 would have been without that initiative?
Mitch Butier: So impact is about $40 million.
Mehul Dalia: $40 million. Right, great, thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Gaffner from Barclays Capital. You may proceed.
Scott Gaffner: Good morning. Dean in your -- I am sorry, Mitch in your commentary on the guidance, you mentioned that was one of the more challenging years to call and sometime-- so I was just wondering if you could walk us through maybe the level of conservatism you baked into the guidance, how you thought about it as you are coming into the year, did you approach it in any different way than you have in the past? Thanks.
Mitch Butier: Sure. We approached a little bit different because you can see that our guidance range is narrower than we've given at this time of the year which implies more certainty when actually that's not what we are trying to communicate here. So reason why it was more challenging is just as you saw what was going on with the currency exchange rates between December and January. The euro was just in free fall for a while and so that's one of the things that made it more difficult as we were going through just a month of January continue to update our outlook on that. And then two is just the full impact of raw material deflation that we are seeing. And how long if is there any gap, how long that it can hold down to and so forth. So that's what made it more challenging if you will. The other key question is on the top line. So we got 3% to 4% organic growth picked in, we said things slowdown as you heard in Q4 for RBIS as well as we had in North America for the materials business some declines. So that obviously impacts our thinking as well. We expect growth to come back and it's going to be little bit more second half weighted on the top line perspective given our starting point.
Scott Gaffner: Okay. Would you say it slightly more conservative than usual or how would you feel about that? 
Mitch Butier: No. I think over the last few years we've actually called it pretty well as far as setting guidance overall. And if you look at where we started off with the guidance at the beginning of this year, it was at $3.05, we ended up at $3.11 and that was largely due to the lower tax rate, a lot of factors going back and forth. And what we are trying to say is we've got the high ended numbers things up to go for us and at the low ended numbers things go against us, but we've got also some counter measures that go against those as well. So now I'd say it is pretty consistent with our methodology. It is definitely not more conservative. 
Scott Gaffner: Okay. I think going back to George's question on the restructuring actions or the incremental savings of $60 million. When I look back at last year, the cash restructuring costs that you guided to was about $55 million, the cash restructuring this year 2015, looks like it is going down to $35 million and yet the restructuring savings are increasing. Can you kind of walk us through how that is flowing through? 
Mitch Butier: Yes. The biggest reason just has to do with the large restructuring we did of our graphics business in Europe. Europe restructurings tend to be more costly relative to the payback and lots of those costs were incurred in 2014. Some of will still be in 2015. So that's a little bit the reason for the disconnect. 
Scott Gaffner: Well, last question on working capital 2014. You talked about these working capital initiatives to reduce volatility, so it sounds like you actually took some sort of corrective action whether that was securitizing some of your receivables or something along those actions. Can you talk a little bit more about what the initiatives were that you took that cause a working capital changes? 
Mitch Butier: It was just operational measures nothing securitization or anything else specifically being done. So we had seen -- if you recall last year and the year before we had seen significant free cash flow in Q4 and then large declines in Q1 and we were down over $150 million of Q1 of 2014 negative cash flow. And what we saw that there was -- from a number of terms and so forth that we had set up that there was just more cash being pulled into the previous year and we've commented on that at the end of 2013 that was look like $30 million had been pulled into 2013 and we basically took some actions to make sure that wasn't happening. And we have free cash flow measures across the business and it looks there was just more cash getting pulled into Q4 at the detriment to Q1 and we wanted to normalize that. 
Dean Scarborough : This is Dean. Just one more comment on the guidance and that is the other thing that's in our mind is how do we predict things like currency or raw material inputs for the back half of the year. And I think given the volatility that we saw in the first -- just recently, we are basically pegging our guidance based on the current rate for the euro. And lots of the commodities that we buy are forecasting cost increases for the back half of the year. Now whether or not you choose to believe that I mean it just makes a difficult because we just don't have that greater forward visibility. So I think we've been fairly conservative in the sense that we are kind of taking today's stake and clearly if things change, if the euro does something much different or raw material prices do something much different, I think from an investor point of view, you have to realize will be agile and will shift as need be.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Good morning, all. I was just wondering either Dean or Mitch, when you talk about raw materials and pricing, are you expecting to give back all of the benefit on the raw material side that you maybe expecting -- that you may get? Or there some of your operations where you can actually hang on to some? 
Dean Scarborough : Rosemarie, typically what happens over the cycle is that pricing levels on our industry tend to track over time when raw material prices are up -- across are up, prices go up when raw material cost go down, prices tend to trend down over time. And there is always lag time in the business and there are a lot of others obviously strategies that go in, in terms of pricing and cost out. So we are constantly looking for ways to thin our materials, get more productivity in our operation et cetera, et cetera. So it is actually very difficult I think for us to predict and project exactly what that looks like especially over a 12 months period.
Mitch Butier: And the only thing I would add is we've talked over the last couple of years about net headwind if you will price and raw material cost. Paper prices have gone up from where they were a couple of years ago and that's over half of our spend as paper based in sourcing, the drop in oil as everybody is focused on -- and we buy a number of raw material inputs that are based on oil but not highly linked to it. So we are seeing a little bit deflation right now. But we've actually been seeing a headwind on the net price and our objective here what you see in the guidance is to stem that tide if you will.
Rosemarie Morbelli: And just making sure I understood properly what Dean said in answer to a previous well actually additional comments, did you say that there is talk about raw material cost increases in the second half and if I understood that properly then you probably should be able to have more of a tailwind know for the short term?
Dean Scarborough : Yes. The IHS forecast that we look at for again some of the either derivatives or close to the commodities that we buy. If they go up in the back half we would expect to see a short term benefit and then in the second half we could expect a bit of headwinds. So again I would say those forecasts are just they are forecast. We don't really know what's going to happen in the back half of the year. And we will adjust our pricing and our approach as we changes in the raw material market. 
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay, sure. So now still on the cost side but not sure necessarily but because gasoline prices I mean fuel prices are down while I guess that's the same as gasoline. Consumers are ending up with more money. Are you expecting or are you seeing sign or hearing anything about retailers actually getting ready for that which would be a net benefit on your RBIS and RFID possibly?
Dean Scarborough : Well, I think RFID is not so much impacted by that. I do think that the hope is that consumers with more money in their pockets will buy more things. I think I read out just recently though that many consumers are just saving the money and putting in their pocket right now so I would say our forecast doesn't really consider a broad increase in end demand our market.
Mitch Butier: Yes. I think it's important to think about these -- the different dynamics regionally as well. So in Europe things are different obviously with what's going on there and where the currency is moving. There is not actually as much deflation as we would be seeing here in the US. And when you look at despite the economy having grown in the US, end consumption on the unit level of consumer package goods and so forth have been relatively flat. So would expect there is going to be an improvement here in the US, given -- if things continue where they are, sometime over 2015. But by and large we are not expecting a large broad pickup.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay, thanks. And if I may ask one last question. In your assumptions, in your guidance on the top line, do you already -- have you included the impacts from FX and then on the bottom line, have you included the potential impact from lower share count and is that 7.4 million share buyback should get in 2014, could you duplicate that in 2015?
Mitch Butier: So as far as the top line, our guidance is based on organic growth, the 4% that we've laid out there. So and as far as the share buyback, the implied amount of shares outstanding on average that we have for 2015 at $91 million is still more than $1.5 million to $2 million of dilution. It implies a level lower than what we did in 2014. We really stepped up our share buybacks in the third and fourth quarter given where the stock price was. And so this is just an estimate but really one of the biggest factors that dictate the level of share buyback is really how the stock is trading. And we look to opportunistically take advantage of market dislocation. So that is our estimate, but as we proven this past year, we estimated beginning of year we thought we'd have 97 million shares outstanding on average, we ended up with less than 96 million. And so we'll continue to monitor and adjust accordingly.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Hi. Thanks very much. Can you speak to the utilization rate and PSM industry wide meaning I guess in the United States and Europe currently. Are we in the 70, low high 70s or low 80s or high 80s? Where do we set?
Mitch Butier: Well, I think it's a very difficult number to put your finger on as we said before; you don't have to run your coding lines 24x7, 365. You're not like paper machine and some of these assets run different product lines. I think the way I look at it is in Europe, there's not been a lot of additional capacity added over the last few years if anything describing a little bit of take out. In the US, we do have a competitor, small, privately held competitor that is adding capacity what I think as we said before. My guess is that they will not utilize some of their other lower productive capacity as we go forward. So people are expanding capacity in Asia as you might expect given decent growth there including ourselves, but I don't see fundamentally any big disruptions to the marketplace from capacity adds or reductions anywhere in the world. It's not a big task in our thinking.
Jeff Zekauskas: So I think this year if I remember previous calls correctly, volume growth in North America and pressure sensitivities of  it's maybe flat or flat to up for the four quarters. And that's a slower rate of growth than GDP. And in the old days Pressure - sensitive Materials used to be sort of a GDP grower or GDP plus. Is it fair to say that the industry now is GDP minus or was there something peculiar about 2014? And are utilization rates in general tight or snug or are they loose?
Mitch Butier: Well, I think it is certainly we've been disappointed by the market growth in North America, I think its too early to make a call to say it's a GDP minus business because we've had over the average if you look over a multiyear period, it is probably around a GDP business in North America and when you juxtapose that with Europe actually, we've definitely GDP plus business over the past couple of years. So all I know I think in mature markets I look at the GDP business and then the business grows at a multiple of GDP in emerging markets, we don't really see a change to that trajectory. I think as I said before in North America have a little bit of a net increase to capacity this year, again we had a small competitor add capacity. And in Europe, I don't think there have been any real big changes. I know one of our competitors bought a company and ended up shutting down the factory. So I guess technically that would be a net reduction. So it is a very difficult thing to get any kind of precision on, Jeff.
Jeff Zekauskas: So going into 2015, do you feel that demand conditions -- in PSM are strengthening or weakening? And with raw materials coming down, is it the case that your customers are maybe delaying purchases helping to get better price realization, so little bit later in the year. So how do you see the demand trajectory in PSM over the coming couple of quarters?
Dean Scarborough : It's a great question. We definitely saw a slowdown in the fourth quarter in terms of organic growth. Customers don't try to either build inventories or reduce inventories in anticipation of raw material pricing mainly because most of them are small. They don't have a lot of place to store inventory. It tends to be a very customized business where they have to respond quickly to the customers, so most customers are reluctant to that, that their customer is going to actually order something. So we try not to see those kinds of -- those kinds of shift. Definitely, we saw Europe slowdown in the fourth quarter, we had been  I been anticipating that for two years and it's finally happened, so it had actually -- had much better buying demand in Europe over the past couple of years than I would have expected. North America continues to be relatively soft; we did see growth in the third quarter in the market. We haven't seen the fourth quarter numbers yet. It was interesting to hear that fourth quarter GDP wasn't as strong as everyone expected. So I think overall this year we're kind of expecting maybe a little smaller growth than normal. And you can see it reflected in our guidance range for organic growth for the year.
Jeff Zekauskas: So in the quarter I think you said that PSM prices maybe edged to down. And if that's true why did they edge down or what was the source of the pricing pressure?
Mitch Butier: Well this is a theme we've been talking about for a number of quarters now. Jeff. And so big, good portion of that was actually carryover to the comments where year-over-year price impacts, but it's basically just looking to net impact and some of the less differentiated categories, there has been more pricing pressure and one of the thing we're looking to focus on is to make sure our pricing strategy ensure we have the right, long-term profitable growth to remain competitive and continue to invest over the long run. So that's a key area of focus right now.
Jeff Zekauskas: And then lastly, how much was your pension funding in 2014 and what you expect it to be in 2015?
Mitch Butier: So it's over $400 million about $430 million of under-funded pension liability across all of our plans, the biggest one obviously being in the US, but we have a number of overseas plans. So that's the large adjustment just from the discount rates and everything else. So and it's not considered, it's expected to change that much between the end of 2015.
Jeff Zekauskas: Right but when you funded it, in other words your pension contribution in 2014, what was that and what might it be in 2015?
Mitch Butier: So we did not have pension funding requirements in the US, it was nothing in 2014 and we don't have another pension funding requirement for the next couple of years in the US
Operator: Our next question from the line of Chris Kapsch from Topeka Capital Markets. You may proceed.
Chris Kapsch: Yes. I had a follow-up on the FX headwind for 2015, just wondering if that, how much of that is Europe, it sounds like a lot of it. And then just on FX, are there any instances where the changing currency rates have actually changed the competitiveness of your local businesses overseas or is this truly just a translation issue?
Mitch Butier: This is by and large translation, I mean us as well as our competitors manufacture the products in the regions where we did business. So this is essentially all translation and it was essentially all Europe. Now one of the things in the past that tailwind that we've had was the fact that Renminbi was appreciating over the years that did not happen in 2014. So we lost that tailwind and then had the new headwind of FX in our second half that going into this year as well and will continue. And other thing is just to give rough rule of thumb for the Euro is very simple on high level but for every cent movement in the euro to the U.S. dollar would basically have a penny movement on EPS as well. So cent equals a cent, roughly.
Chris Kapsch: Okay, and then just to follow up in pressure sensitive, the margin improvement year-over-year in the quarter 100 basis points. Just wondering was that fairly consistent across the regions or where was the improvement most pronounced?
Mitch Butier: Improvement was pretty broad-based, but we thought Latin America a little bit more than we saw elsewhere, but we've seen it in Europe and Asia as well. So we've seen it pretty broad-based, I'd say North America was the place that we saw the least amount of overall improvement, if you look at this pure operational standpoint, which lower volume environment makes that challenging of course.
Chris Kapsch: And then just on that lower volume that you saw in --a lower demand you saw in North America, was that -- and I know you haven't got any industry data yet, but your sense at this point. Was that more market driven or was it intentional, intentionally rationalizing some of your lower margin, maybe your paper-based roll stock grades, or was it just a competitor sort of taking share? If you could just provide a little bit more color on why the demand being down?
Mitch Butier: Yes. So we don't have the data right now as you highlighted, so we don't know is the short answer. But we think that a big chunk of it was just the market continued to be rather anemic, but there was a couple of specific opportunities that were extremely low margin, that we let walk, if you will. They were extremely low, variable margin. So that the impact. I will say things can be choppy in this industry, given where we are in the overall value chain. Earnings as top line growth in the first few weeks of this year in North America have actually picked up, whereas all the other regions, the trends basically continued with what we saw in Q4. So things picked up a little bit in North America, so whether that's end demand or just broad inventory movements throughout the entire value chain and so forth, it's hard to predict.
Chris Kapsch: I see, and then I had also a follow-up on the RBIS business and this issue was having lost share in the value and the contemporary segment. I think Dean had talked about when we were out there visiting, and possibly when he was in New York late last year, about one of the tactical things that might address this was focusing on conveying to the customers that they should -- in that particular value and contemporary segment, that they should shift more towards nominated tags and ticketing program versus open. And I think there were some initial successes with the big customer there. I'm just wondering is that something that you still sees as a way to recapture share in that segment and how is that going?
Dean Scarborough : Well I mean that is part of our strategy, which is to convince our customers to use nominated programs, because we at the end of the day believe that they will get the best economics there. Now, not every customer chooses to go with that strategy. And frankly, the mistake we made was not listening to customers who work in those programs and deciding to be competitive. Now we changed the strategy in the fourth quarter, and I would say the decline, the amount of decline was arrested. Unfortunately, the business in Europe slowed down, certainly the trend of the business look worse. I think from my perspective, the team is -- we're doing a lot better job listening to customers. And we're getting a lot more competitive in winning the battles in Asia. Fortunately for us, in some of those types of programs, customers don't insist on using sort of global raw materials back. So the opportunity is local materials which are lower cost, so we still believe we can be competitive in that business. We have in the past and frankly I think we just lost our focus, so we are taking additional actions though as Mitch talked about to ensure that we're more competitive in those segments. And that's part of the acceleration in our restructuring, because frankly, we're really disappointed about our performance in RBIS for the year, and we don't have a good excuse for it frankly. So we're going to be more competitive, we likely won't see a huge change in trajectory really until the second quarter when we have a seasonally strong quarter. But the team is focused, we've got a renewed sense of energy there, we've got more aggressive sales programs as well as a focus on further reducing costs and our material costs in that portion of the market. So we feel we had a better performance last year again, but we're focused on delivering in 2015.
Mitch Butier: I think one of the key overall things is we're looking to provide a value proposition that's fit for purpose for each segment and each customer values overall. And most of the market wants a global consistency of products and so forth, others are less concerned about, and so we need to adjust accordingly. And I'd say it's too broad-based, we've been talking about the value in contemporary segments, you actually can't make comments about each segment broad-based of what the customer behaviors are. Each customer is in a different level of cycle and has some different needs, and so we're basically adjusting our approach to be able to win success with those customers in those spaces.
Operator: Our next question from the line of John McNulty with Credit Suisse, please go ahead.
Rob: Good morning guys, this is Rob batting for John. Just a quick one on your 2015 targets. On your most recent Investor Day, you highlighted that you guys think you can hit the low end of your RBIS, adjusted EBIT margin range that you put out in 2012. Is that so realistic given some of the recent challenges in that business? Thanks.
Dean Scarborough : I think hitting to the 2015 margin target given the end of the year is going to be extremely difficult. We'll make good progress, we'll get back on -- our goal is to get back on track in the weight of performance improvements that we've shown in the previous two years. And we're still focused on delivering the 2018 target.
Mitch Butier: All targets we laid out for 2015, we're confident we're going to basically hit all of them with the exception of RBIS margin target. But we consider we've got a few years ahead of us, and some of the adjustments we're making are confident we'll hit the 2018 margin targets.
Operator: And we'll proceed with our last question from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari : Good morning. Just had a couple of follow-ups on, I just had a couple of follow-ups on RBIS. I guess first if you strip out the value in contemporary segments, would you describe your market share outside of those categories as stable or growing or are you seeing any incremental pressure? If you were to look at in faster premium or performance segments. And the second question, do you have a sense of what overall apparel industry volumes grew at in 2014 versus your organic growth in RBIS?
Dean Scarborough : Yeah so in the performance and the premium segments I would say we're taking market share, there our strategies of global consistency, of innovation, really good focused sales efforts are helping us win business. I mean that's the good news in the story. And we're quite pleased about that as well as RFID. We have more than 50% market share in that category and I think it reflects a successful execution of our strategy there. Actually apparel unit growth importing into the US was pretty -- was quite robust this year
Mitch Butier: Low to middle single digit.
Dean Scarborough : Low to mid single digit, so the disappointing part for me is that we should have had a terrific year because the market is there. And that's the real good news there is that market demand for apparel in the imports for actually for both Europe and North America was quite robust. And so it's really up to us to tweak our strategy and get more competitive. And I actually expect that trend to continue. The trend of market growth for apparel I should say to be clearer.
Anthony Pettinari : Okay. That's helpful and then just one last follow-up on the $60 million cost savings. Apologies if I missed this earlier, but do you have a sense of the timing of the realization of those cost savings as we move through the year?
Mitch Butier: They will be coming throughout the year, more weighted towards the last three quarters.
Operator: Mr. Scarborough, I'll be turning the call back to you. Sir, so you may continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks, Frank. Just a quick recap. Our playbook is the same. We're continuing to pursue the broad strategic priorities that we've communicated in the past. And we're making some fine tuning right now where appropriate. And we look forward to seeing that strategy and execution translate into superior total shareholder return over the long term. Thank you for joining us and good bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all of your participation. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-24 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds - Head of IR Dean Scarborough - Chairman, President & CEO Mitch Butier - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird George Staphos - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company John McNulty - Credit Suisse Chris Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Selka Cook - JPMorgan Securities 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Avery Dennisons Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter ended September 27, 2014. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 8:30 am Pacific Time through midnight Pacific Time, October 28. To access the replay, please dial 1 (800) 633-8284 or for international callers please dial (402) 977-9140. The conference ID number is 21676583. I would now like to turn the conference over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennisons Head of Investor Relations. Please begin, Mr. Leeds.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Today, well discuss our preliminary unaudited third quarter 2014 results. Please note that unless otherwise indicated, todays discussion will be focused on our continuing operations. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A-2 to A-5 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release. We remind you that well make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in todays earnings release. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mitch Butier, Senior Vice President and CFO. I will now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks, Eric, and good day, everyone. I am really please to announce Mitch Butiers election to position of President and Chief Operating Officer effective November 1. Mitch has played an integral role in defining and executing our value creation strategy. He knows our businesses extremely well having held senior roles in both pressure sensitive materials and retain branding and information solution, not to mention focusing the majority of his time as CFO on their strategies and plans for execution. This move is consistent with the boards longstanding practice of leadership development and succession planning. You may recall that I also held the role of Chief Operating Officer before taking the helm as CEO, as did my predecessor. All businesses will now report directly to Mitch. In addition, Don Nolan, President of the Materials Group is leading the company. As a result, Mitch will be assuming direct oversight for the materials businesses and Don will stay on for a brief period of time to assist him in the transition. I am grateful for Dons leadership of the group over the past six and half years. Mitch will also continue on as CFO until we find his replacement. That process is underway. Im very much looking forward to working with Mitch in this new capacity. We worked together now for more than a decade. I know that he has the experience, vision and leadership to effectively partner with me as well as the rest of the leadership team to achieve our strategic and financial goals. Shifting gears Ill now turn to the results for the quarter. While we reported EPS in line with our expectation I have to say it was a challenging quarter. We experienced pressure on both sales and gross margin but those impacts were offset through tight management of operating expenses and lower incentive compensation. The Pressure Sensitive Materials segment delivered organic sales growth of 5% roughly in line with our expectations for the quarter. Volume growth was solid across all regions and stronger in emerging markets and performance tapes. We had another successful Label expo show in which we demonstrated several innovative new products. Our customers and end users look to us to bring innovation to this market and our leadership in doing so continues to drive top line performance. Mitch will provide more color on results by region and product line but let me just touch on one key issue that we faced in this business during the quarter. In January, we announced a large and complex project to consolidate PSM manufacturing operations in Europe. The project is behind schedule and we incurred higher transition cost than expected during the quarter due to problems with the new distribution outsourcing arrangement that led to delays in meeting customer orders for graphic material. Given our long track record of success in executing these kinds of projects this was a disappointment for the team. We estimate that the combined impact of the service disruption and other transition cost associated with this project represented about $6 million pretax in the quarter, a few million dollars more than we anticipated. That being said, we still expect a healthy payback on this investment. We should get a nice sequential boost in earnings in Q4 now that things have stabilized and the project remains on track to deliver roughly $15 million of annualized savings when fully completed. As you know, our strategy in PSM is to create value by growing the top line of this high return business at a 4% to 5% level organically. The team has done a great job of driving growth by executing well in emerging markets and developing innovative new products to enable share gain and application growth. And while we are happy that our adjusted operating margin is in the target range we are confident we can do better. In addition to delivering the savings from the European restructuring, we are taking actions to improve variable margins and product mix in PSM. Were focusing our energy and resources to grow faster in higher margin product categories including specialty products, graphics and performance tapes. We are also adjusting our pricing strategy for lower margin products in certain geographies. At the same time, well be accelerating our productivity and cost out actions. In other words, were continuing to pursue the broad strategic priorities that weve communicated in the past, fine-tuning where appropriate and tightening up the execution of our commercial and operational initiatives. Now turning to Retail Branding and Information Solution, the team delivered another quarter of solid bottom line results in the face of a continuing soft top line. While growth remained strong with our Europe based retailers and brand owners driven by both RFID as well as share gain across most market segments, U.S. originated sales weakened further in the quarter with sales to these end customers down mid-single digits. Consumer sentiment and retailer caution does remain part of the challenge domestically but we have also lost some market share with U.S. based retailers and brand owners over the past few quarters. To ensure that we win across all market segments weve been refining our value proposition and were continuing to bring innovation to the market. For example, we recently opened a new innovation center in downtown Los Angeles to better serve the market here on the west coast. And we created a joint venture with Ningbo Shenzhou, one of the worlds largest athletic apparel manufacturers to accelerate the adoption of our unique external embellishment technology. Im pleased to say that sales of RFID products remain robust. We continue to expect RFID to be a key long term growth driver for this business. Finally, RBIS continued to make good progress in executing key productivity initiatives reporting another quarter of double digit earnings growth and taking another step forward on the path to our long term margin target. As you know, we targeted a full point of margin expansion for this business each year through 2015 and project a continuation of that trajectory through 2018. With some of the issues I described continuing into the fourth quarter along with a new headwind from recent currency volatility we have modestly lowered our EPS guidance for the full year. That said, we still anticipate another year of double digit adjusted EPS growth for 2014. In the near term, we are focused on completing the European consolidation to enable faster more profitable growth in graphics, executing our commercial and operational strategies in the balance of the materials business and driving share gain in RBIS. And we remain committed to achieving our long term financial targets. Well continue to leverage our leadership positions and strong competitive advantages in both of our core businesses growing those innovation and differentiated quality and service. Well further expand margins through productivity and leveraging our scale and well continue to execute our disciplined strategy for capital deployment. Now Ill turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Hello everyone. Let me starting by thanking Dean and our board for giving me the opportunity to play a greater role in the company. Im honored, excited and confident in the companys position and prospects. As COO my focus remains the same, ensuring the long term success of the company by delivering exceptional value for our customers, our employees and our shareholders. Now lets review the results. In the third quarter, we delivered a 12% increase in adjusted earnings per share on 3% organic sales growth with the top line in growth in PSM offsetting a decline in RBIS. The companys gross margin declined 100 basis points in the quarter due to declines in all three segments. PSM continues to grapple with negative impacts from net pricing and mix shifts. We also had challenges associated with manufacturing cost in the quarter primarily due to the higher than expected transition cost from the European restructuring that Dean described earlier. The lower gross margin RBIS was driven by lower volume. These factors more than offset the continued strong contribution from our productivity initiatives across the company. Adjusted operating margin in the quarter expanded 30 basis points to 8% as the lower gross margin was more than offset by productivity, tight spending controls and reductions in incentive compensation expense. The adjustments in incentive comp provided a 60 basis point benefit while the European transition cost reduced operating margin by about 30 basis points. So the impact of these two items with the net benefit of about 30 basis point or $0.03 in the quarter. Our adjusted tax rate for both the third quarter and year-to-date was 33% in line with our expectations as we continue to anticipate the full year tax rate to be comparable to last year. Free cash flow was $153 million in the quarter and $82 million in the first three quarters. While free cash flow in the quarter was strong and well ahead of last year, we now expect full year free cash flow of less than $300 million. As we approach the close of the year, we have a better view to the timing of vendor payments and customer receipts. A revised view also reflects the impact of lowering operating results including higher than anticipated working capital level and currency fluctuation. Importantly, a good portion of the shortfall to our previous free cash flow estimate for the year will be a benefit to the first quarter of next year. With net debt to EBITDA at 1.3 times we remain below our long term targeted leverage position and continue to be disciplined with our share repurchase program. We have repurchased 5 million shares through the end of the third quarter at a cost of $247 million. As we have discussed, we repurchased more shares when stock trades at a greater discount to our assessment of intrinsic value within certain limits relative to daily trading volume. To that end, we have recently ramped up our share repurchase levels. First, when the stock declined at the end of July, then even further at the beginning of October and there was a broad weakening in the market. So in addition to the 5 million shares repurchased in the first three quarters, we have repurchased approximately 1.5 million share in the first four weeks of October. Looking at the segments, Pressure Sensitive Materials sales in the third quarter were up approximately 5.3% on an organic basis. At the product line level, Label and Packaging Materials sales were up mid-single digits. Combined sales for Performance Tapes, Graphics, Reflective products were likewise up mid-single digits with another strong quarter for Performance Tapes being offset by relatively weak growth of Graphics due to the service issues in Europe that we discussed earlier. On a regional basis North America sales grew low single digit rebounding from Q2 levels. Western Europe sales grew mid-single digits reflecting solid market demand. However, we are cautious about the outlook for the European market for the remainder of the year. And emerging markets grew upper single digits. This is slower than recent trends as China slowed to a low single digit growth this quarter. While some of this represents inventory correction, we have seen a general slowdown in our end markets in China. PSMs adjusted operating margin of 10.3% in the third quarter was 20 basis points lower than the last year. The net impact of raw material input cost and pricing, higher manufacturing costs including the transition cost in Europe and country and product mix more than offset the benefit of higher volume and productivity. Weve talked about the challenge of the pricing in mixed dynamic in PSM and we are working to address it. It is the top priority but will take some time to adjust. The manufacturing cost challenges are already being addressed and should be back in line by the end of the fourth quarter. Retail Branding and Information Solution sales declined about 2% in the quarter, reflecting some share loss in the US value and contemporary segments partially offset like continued strong demand from Europe based retailers and brands which reflected the growth of RFID and other share gains in that region. RFID revenue was up almost 20% in the third quarter and up 17% year-to-date. Despite the overall sales decline in the third quarter, RBIS expanded adjusted operating margin by 80 basis points to 6.7% as the benefit of productivity and lower incentive compensation more than offset the impact of wage inflation and lower volume. As Dean mentioned, we are focused on driving share gain in RBIS while continuing to drive productivity and expand the operating margin in this business. Sales in Vancive Medical Technologies were down roughly 5% organically due primarily to the timing of orders. The operating income declined by about $2 million due to largely through an R&D milestone payment we received last year from one of our strategic partners. As for our 2014 outlook, we now expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $3 to $3.05. This reduction reflects continued softness in RBS's top line, the pricing and mix challenges in PSM and about $0.03 of currency headwind in the fourth quarter largely offset by tighter spending controls and lower incentive compensation expense. Our full year guidance is based on a number of assumptions including the key factors listed on Slide 8 of our supplemental presentation materials. We now estimate approximately 3.5% organic sales growth which excludes the benefit of an extra week of sales this year. At recent rates, we expect negative impacts from currency of approximately 1% through quarter sales growth and approximately $6 million of EBIT. We expect average shares outstanding assuming dilution of approximately 96 million shares reflecting our increase level of share repurchases. As I mentioned, we now anticipate 2014 free cash flow of less than $300 million and we increased our estimate for restructuring charges by a $0.01 per share. We anticipate the savings in 2015 from the restructuring actions implemented this year to be approximately $35 million net of transition costs. The rest of our key assumptions remain unchanged from what we shared last quarter. In summary, we delivered another quarter of double digit earnings per share growth despite a number of challenges. We have had a couple of uncharacteristic hiccups from the execution front which I am confident we will address quickly and we are refining our strategy in a couple of key areas specifically optimizing the tradeoffs between priced volume in mix in PSM and recapturing share in the US and RBIS. With these refinements we are confident in our ability to achieve our longer term goals. As I said at the start, I'm honored and excited to be named COO. This is a great company with great people. Our two industry leading core businesses are well-positioned for profitable growth which, combined with our continued focus on productivity and capital discipline will, enable us to further expand margins as well as increased returns and achieve our 2015 and 2018 targets. Now we'll open up the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird. You may begin sir.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird: Hey guys, good morning. And Mitch congrats on all these changes. Sounds like you will be a busy guy and hope for your business card can hold all these new titles.
Mitch Butier: Thank you, Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird: On the title, I mean they all make sense but one that stands out is on the PSM side. So just on that first up, what changes, if any, should we expect for the segment going forward I guess with the leadership adjustment there?
Dean Scarborough : Yes, Ghansham, I expect the fundamental strategy to be the same and I think were in the process of tweaking the strategy a bit. The execution of the really complex project in Europe we would probably bit off a little more than we chew and lean forward pretty aggressively getting that back under control. And I think a more of a focus on growing in higher margin segments. And by the way, this graphics transition once it's done will help us be able to do that. So it's really fundamentally the same strategy. Just theres a little bit of shift in priorities and execution.
Mitch Butier: And Ghansham, as far as from an organizational standpoint, right now given what Dean just said for a period of time I want to spend some time really, I know this business well but I want to do a deep immersion with the team and just spend more time in that organization.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird: Okay. That makes sense. And then on free cash flow, can you just quantify some of these? You mentioned higher clarity on the vendor payment so on and so forth and the impact it will have on 1Q at the expense of 4Q, but can you just quantify that in fact for us?
Mitch Butier: There is a tremendous amount of variation around year end as we have talked about, Ghansham. So we are not going to quantify and that's what we just said it's now going to be less than and it's the timing of vendor payments and customer receipts as we have talked about, but also if we look at where we are in the productivity front on working capital, we are a little behind from where we want to be. And so the key focus her is can we achieve our objective by the end of the year where we are going to be on working capital. We do expect it to be lower than $300 million at this point, could be a pretty wide range, a good portion of that. Any shortfall will come through next year. Our overall focus here is continuing to maintain long term capital discipline while we generate significant cash flow over the long time. So if you recall last year we made a significant Q4 free cash flow of $225 million and a big outflow in Q1. So we actually see a rebalancing of this is actually could be a good thing.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And just one final one. The caution on Europe, is that just being pragmatic based on the news headlines you are reading about or is there something specifically that you are seeing right now? Thanks/
Dean Scarborough: Yes, Ghansham, I was just over with the team last week and we are still seeing a decent growth but it's just not as strong as it was. For the last few quarters we have seen good growth in Western Europe -- good growth in Eastern Europe but not at the higher rate that we have seen before. I actually think our results for Q4 will show okay but they will be different. In other words, our graphics sales werent very good in the third quarter because we had some execution problems. I believe those will rebound as we drive down our backlogs but on the labeling and packaging materials we have definitely seen a little bit of softening I would say the last couple of months in Western Europe. And yes, we are being pragmatic about the news coming out of Europe especially.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thanks so much guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead sir.
George Staphos - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Thanks, good morning everybody. Again Mitch, congratulations well earned on the new responsibility. I just take back a little bit off of Ghansham's questions to start, do you see yourself in the role of heading up PSM indefinitely or do you think that it's something that transitions to some other individual in the next year or two? And then similarly can you update us and really it's just perhaps started where you stand on finding the right CFO to run Avery from here and whether it's more likely internal or externally focused?
Mitch Butier: So as far as your question of do I see myself running it indefinitely, one thing I have learned is nothing is indefinite. So not making any decisions on that whole front right now. For me the key thing is weve got the right strategy, we got a great team within the materials organization. We know we got to do, we know we've got to make some course corrections and that's what the team and I will be focused on. And like I said before, I want to spend a period of time doing a deep immersion with the organization and on the strategies. And we'll evaluate as time goes by about how we adjust of course from the organizational front.
Dean Scarborough: George, as far as the CFO search goes, we have actually started the process. We are going to do an external search. We do have some internal candidates as well, so we are going to be doing some very active benchmarking there. And I expect it will take a few months, because -- especially at this time of year.
George Staphos - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Understood. Well, good luck in that process. It's obviously an important seat to fill. If we switch to operation, can you talk a little bit about what you're planning to do to adjust pricing in some of your lower priced geographies if I'm paraphrasing correctly?
Dean Scarborough: Yes. So George, I think we talked about in a few regions we have been going after some lower margin business that was still EVA positive. I think we may have overcorrected there in a couple places. And so, fundamentally, we have adjusted prices in a few countries to capture that through a combination of factors either direct price increases or reducing rebates.
George Staphos - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. I mean, just a quick question on that. If it's EVA positive then, why do you need to increase pricing? And then, I had a follow-on on RBIS and I'll turn it over.
Dean Scarborough: I think in Jan -- on the average it was the -- the moves have been EVA positive, especially even last quarter if you take the extra transition cost we had in Europe into account. But in some countries, in some product areas it wasn't EVA positive and that's where we are taking the corrective action.
George Staphos - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. Understood on that. My last one, then I'll turn it over. With RBIS given all that you bring to bear and all that you've told us about in terms of your value proposition, how is it that you are losing market share in the U.S.? And then, Mitch, just a quick one, just on share buyback, some numbers that the team and I were running, looks like the average share buyback price we would calculate for the third quarter was around $49 a share, is that correct, and if not could you tell us what the average repurchase price was? Thank you.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, George, on RBIS, we've had very effective share gain in Europe and the strategies have worked extremely well there. In the U.S. actually there is some market segments where we are doing very well, especially in the performance and athletic segment and some of the fast-fashion segments. The area where we I would guess -- I won't say struggle, but we're trying to change the value proposition, is in the value and kind of contemporary fashion or probably easier to describe as department store sector. We have a couple of issues. One is that the portfolio of customers that we have traditionally had unfortunately, it's doing worse in the market. And so, one of the strategies here is to get and attract new customers. And we are having some early term success but it does take some time for that to play out. Also -- and I want to give the team some credit here. We have been doing a good job of pricing for value in all of our segments. And I think we just frankly got a little bit out of balance in a couple of these market segments. And so, we are again in the process of adjusting that and capturing some new business. And here is a case where we had lowered our fix cost and the variable margin is still very attractive. So again, I think it will take us a quarter or two to get back on track. But I think the team has good plans. We have made some changes in our commercial leadership in North America and actually moved one of our senior European leaders to North America who had been successfully executing that strategy. So I am confident we will be fine.
Mitch Butier:  And Gorge, your math is right. It's about a $0.25 less than $49 a share average for the quarter. If you look at our absolute share buyback within Q3, it was 1.9 million of shares, which is basically the same we had in Q2. So when this stock started declining at the end of July, we ramped up our share repurchase activity. But as is said, it's -- we have limits based on daily trading volume. And as you know, volumes drop quite a bit off in the summer month. So we accelerated, but it's relative to trading volume. And as I said further, we have accelerated even further in the month of October.
Dean Scarborough:  George, one more piece of color on RBIS, especially for the North American business. There -- in especially the value segment, customers tend to buy a couple different ways. They use either nominated programs. In other words, they say you get a 100% of either my business or programs or they qualify multiple vendors. We then focus more on nominating programs. We have had a lot of success there because that really leverages our scale. But we have been less successful in the open platforms. So again, we have the ability to go get some more of this open business and that's really where the teams are focused.
Operator:  Our next question from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital. Please begin sir. 
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital:  Thanks. Good morning. Congratulations, Mitch. 
Mitch Butier:  Thanks, Scott. 
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital:  Just wanted to focus on PSM for a minute and some of the negative price cost issues, seems like they've been gone on for a couple of quarters. Does it make you sit back and may be reassess whether or not you put that business on more of a contractual faster going forward or do you think this is just a -- maybe your input cost for rising faster than you expect that input should take more time to get back go that price cost neutral situation? 
Dean Scarborough: Yes. First of all, we're not seeing a lot of raw material inflation right now as you might expect. I think the strategy here overall is the right one. Grow the top-line faster through innovation, grow in higher margin category, accelerate growth in emerging markets where we tend to have higher than average margin. And so, I like -- we like the fundamental strategy. What we've been faced with on the margin is that our variable margins in the short-term arent as rich as we would like them to be. So, how do we address that? We address that by more targeted segmentation around pricing, making sure that some of the business we go after is definitely EVA positive. We didn't help ourselves with the operational hiccups that we had in the quarter. We would have had at least 20 or 30 more basis points of flow through in the quarter without those hiccups. So we've got to hone in a little bit on the execution, Im confident that we'll get there. So it's a number of factors. And I think the team is -- understands what we need to do. We have got really good clarity about what's going on in the market. So we'll start to make some progress.
Mitch Butier:  And the thing I'd add on the mix front, from a product mix standpoint, this is something that we have been looking to address in focusing more growth on specialty and so forth. And so, we are seeing things. Despite the very slow graphics quarter in Europe, which is higher variable margin, we are starting to see a stabilization because of the successful implementation of those efforts. So that's one thing and the other is country mix I highlighted as well. So the very low growth in China. China has higher variable margins as well, also is impact for us, so, okay.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: And you mentioned, may be a focus on growing the graphics business going forward. My understanding is that's a little bit of a leading indicator that segment just given its sensitivity to the economic situation. Is it  are you talking about growing it, because youd actually see things getting better? I know you mentioned Eastern and Western Europe may be getting worse but maybe there is some underlying trends within your customers that makes you feel better about that business or is that just a long term opportunity? 
Dean Scarborough: Well we have had great growth in Graphics in North America, in Asia and I'm going to carve up the piece of business that's been sourced from Europe or Asia, and in South America. And up until we had some of the operational hiccups we also had higher than average growth at Europe at the same time. So, in the third quarter it wasnt good because frankly we couldnt get orders up in to work and we will have that backlog driven down in this quarter and be back. So, customers like our value proposition, were going to be more competitive after we complete the restructuring program. So, its an opportunity for us. We have relatively low market share and we have some fantastic new products. I think the one new product that is very popular right now is our Supreme Wrapping Film for automobiles. And its a great product, its got very nice margins, installers like it, customers like it. So, I encourage all of you guys to go out and stiff up your cars and try some of this new Supreme Wrapping Film.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Interesting, then just lastly on all of, on both segments and then even on the corporate line it looks like maybe you mention the lower incentive compensation, I assume there were maybe some reversal of prior accrual. Can you just quantify how much was for the each of the segments?
Mitch Butier: Well so were just going to provide the information, Scott, at the overall company level but if youre trying to get a feel for what was for the quarter versus reversal of some prior quarter item. So I mentioned that it was a 60 basis point benefit to the quarter. So year-to-date its about a 30 base point benefit year-to-date. So you can compare the impact of the various quarters and understand what the implication would be to 15. And then within the segment, wont provide specific numbers but what Ill say is its less for PSM and more for RBIS meaning more of a benefit for RBIS and still benefit in PSM but less though.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup. Please go ahead, sir.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: Good morning and congratulations to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thank you.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: Just a follow-up on PSM, youve talked about this more targeted segmented pricing. And I'm just wondering how long it takes to implement this kind of change, is this something that we could see benefits from in 4Q or is it sort of a longer term project? And when you look within the organization in terms of people or systems or processes what do you really need to do to implement this kind of change in pricing, and again sort of whats the timeframe for this implementation?
Dean Scarborough: Yes, Anthony, it takes time and I think we have the data and we got the capabilities to do this. I dont think there is a lack of knowledge here. So I dont want to put a specific time frame on it because its difficult to predict and lets face it. There are a lot of factors in here mix, what product lines are growing, country mix and as well as regional mix in terms of overall demand. But I think we will start to see some progression over the next few quarters.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: Okay, okay. That's helpful. And then just on RFID I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about growth of RFID in the quarter and what kind of rate of growth you all can really see this year? And then just early look into 2015, youve anniversaried the customer loss earlier. What kind of growth do you expect in RFID in 15?
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: I think the -- were not going to give guidance on RFID for 2015. Were happy to do that when we get to our Q4 earnings call and provide guidance next year. Its growing about 20% this year and  its very much in line with our expectation. So we feel good about our position there and the market growth.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup: Okay. That's helpful. Ill turn it over.
Operator: Our next from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you, and congratulations to Mitch as well. If we get Europe and Russia, Ukraine you have a new distribution center in Ukraine, can you give us a feel for how that is doing? It was doing quite well last quarter, I understand it is small. And when you look at October, do you see continuation of the decline or continuation at this particular lower level?
Dean Scarborough: I think from, Rosemarie from European perspective we've definitely seen a slowdown in Russia which is probably not a surprise to most folks. And really all of Eastern Europe I dont have any specifics on Ukraine, so it is awfully small. I will say though that the rate of growth that we had forecast or its part of our guidance range for the quarter, were at or a little bit above for the whole company after three weeks into the quarter. So I still got my fingers crossed, we got a long way to go. And when things slow down they tend to slow down near the end of the quarter rather than especially at the end of the year rather than in the beginning. So I'm cautiously optimistic. I think Europe, again, were concerned about the economics like everyone else, in Germany and in France, but I think that some of that will be offset by the improvement in our graphics business as we drive down the backlog. So we may not be indicative -- our numbers for Q4 may not be indicative of whats exactly is happening in the market because we do have this large backlog of orders that were processing now.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli and Company: Okay. And if we look at the issues on PMS the manufacturing consolidation, could you give us a little more details? And as you were enabled to deliver products to your customers when did you have any loss of customers because of that? And second more related to the European slow down, any increase in bad debt, potential customer bankruptcy filing?
Dean Scarborough: I think on the order side we defiantly lost the business during the quarter. When you cant fulfill customer orders they generally look for other places to go. I will say though that the sales rate as were driving down the backlog has continued, the order rate I should say it continued to improve. So that I think is good. I think customers are always disappointed when you do that but once we get back into a normal service position they like our products, we've got a number of new products that well be launching in graphics in the beginning of the year and weve got to execute obviously. And so we did, we did lose some business in the quarter for sure.
Mitch Butier: As for the collectability of receivables and so forth, Rosemarie, we havent seen anything abnormal in the change. And actually if you look at our measures we have for quality of receivable theyve actually improved from where they were last year but we do have small adjustments and so forth and hits periodically but nothing else out of the norm right now.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli and Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John McNulty with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: Yes, good morning, and thanks for taking my questions, and Mitch again congratulations. So can you give us an update or remind us as to what percent of your raw materials are petroleum or petro chemical based?
Dean Scarborough: Well, so its about half of our raw material base is driven by paper stocks and then the balance I say 35% are film and then the 15% are monomers, resins, other chemicals that we use in the manufacturing (inaudible). One thing I will note though and that is there is probably more of a decoupling between oil prices and some of the feed stocks that we buy mainly because of the -- especially in the U.S. when you have a lot more shale gas and oil being produced they dont have the same derivatives as oil, lets say, from the Middle East. And therefore, it doesnt have same linkage. In other words, there are some products that we would buy that are less sought in the market place because of that change.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough. So basically what it sounds like is the big drop in oil volume may see some benefits that may, it may not be necessarily the link that we've seen in say the last 10 years or so. Is that kind of a fair way to think?
Dean Scarborough: That's correct. We havent seen a big change now. Obviously, were interested in making that happen if we can. So that's an area of focus for procurement there.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough. And then with regard to corporate and other, it definitely took a noticeable leg down; its actually the lowest level we've seen in five or six quarters at least. Is this all the competition accrual adjustment or is there something else, and I guess how should we be thinking about what that level is going forward?
Mitch Butier: That's a portion of the comp reduction there but only the portion that relates to corporate employee. So there is always some variation in this line. There is a number of things that can impact that. The right number to be thinking about is roughly $80 million per year.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough. And then just the last question on the RBIS side, in terms of the business that you lost some maybe not necessarily where you were betting on the wrong horse but just some of the pricing issues you had mentioned. When you think about the type of competitor that took the business, is it typically a smaller regional competitor there where once you kind of adjust your pricing its pretty easy to take that business back or are they may be slightly larger where youre going to really have to kind of scrap for? So if you can give us some color as to maybe where you think you lost the business that would be helpful?
Dean Scarborough: Yes, I dont have that much detail, John, but typically it does tend to be smaller regional competitors. I mean that's still the bulk of the market place especially for those types of customers.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay great. Thanks very much for the color guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Kapsch with Topeka Capital Markets. You may begin.
Chris Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets: Good morning. I had a few follow-ups on this strategy to selectively adjust your pricing in pressure sensitive. First, just wondering which geography is this issue sort of most acute? And then second you mentioned adjusting pricing maybe reducing rebates, just wondering also if there is the willingness to walk away from business that youve gained that you previously viewed as EVA positive but you may no longer view it that way. So are you willing to cede share as you adjust your strategy here? And then also just wondering if there is any sense for competitive response or maybe its too early gauge?
Dean Scarborough: Yes, I think in places like Asia, thats where were doing some of the rebate adjustments. And we have. Were constantly managing mix of our product portfolio. So there is business that we have walked away from and were  and the focus there is growing faster in higher margin profit category so. That's the balance that youre always trying to achieve.
Chris Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets: Which geography generally have, do you feel like this issue is kind of most acute? I mean, you mentioned the reducing rebates in Asia but is this, is it across the Board or is it more in western markets?
Dean Scarborough: Yes, its actually, Chris, this is fairly typical of the way the business works everywhere. I dont think there is one place where its worse or better etcetera, etcetera. I mean this is a constant, I wont call it a balancing act but  we've done a, I think the team has done a really good job of improving margins very successfully over the past few years, part of its through innovation. So that's where we get a lot of that the margin increase newer products either with lower cost and, therefore, we can substitute products with higher margins or brand new products that just have higher margins. And then again growing in product categories like durables our specialty products or graphics where we have higher variable margins and flow through so. So this has always been part of our formula on a go forward basis.
Chris Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets: Okay, and if I could just follow up with a sort of bigger picture one. If you think about the pressure sensitive industry notwithstanding the recent slowdown and sounds like in China obviously emerging markets are pretty good growth. Europe has been growing certainly better than doing better than the broader European economy most recently. And then at least North America it appears as though, and I think the industry data even suggest us that the pressure sensitive industry broadly is no longer a GDP plus industry. In fact, maybe this year it may have even grown less than GDP. So I'm just wondering is there -- can you just comment about the North American pressure sensitive industry and its growth vis--vis the broader economy in North America? Has something changed or its just not as growthie or how do you see that?
Dean Scarborough: Yes, its a little perplexing. Youre right that Europe has the market in Europe has grown nicely actually above GDP for the last 18 months whereas the U.S. has been I think for the last three or four quarters has been pretty flat. I try not to draw too many conclusions from that. We had growth in North America in the third quarter and that was nice to see. We dont have the market data. So its difficult for us to calibrate on that. So I am actually perplexed by it. I still think there is growth in both geographies. And certainly for us whether its in graphics or durables or some of those other more specialized niche markets. So I wouldnt declare that the business is sub GDP especially with Europe growing above. So I think this is too early to make a call like that.
Chris Kapsch Topeka - Capital Markets: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Selka Cook from JPMorgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Selka Cook - JPMorgan Securities: I have a question on your cost saving targets. So I think like year-to-date your cost savings were something like $27 million and it looks like maybe for the year by the end of the fourth quarter maybe look at it like $34 million, $35 million. And the restructuring spending last year was something like $35 million or $36 million. So my intuition is that whatever cost savings  youll be pull out in the $55 million youre spending this year would be higher than the $35 million youre indicating. So essentially what I am asking is this, is the $35 million in cost savings the next year conservative given the level of restructuring spending this year?
Mitch Butier: Youre right to call us out, Selka. So usually we get savings roughly equal to the amount of cost that we incur. The exception of the large European restructuring just restructuring in Europe are more costly relative to the saving. So that is why you see a little bit of a differential here, higher cost this year relative to the amount of savings we are expecting. And given the timing of the implementation of the European restructuring, there is actually also further about $5 million that will come in 16 from the action this year, but youve right to call it out but it is a little bit different from the norm and I wouldnt call it conservative. Now we do expect to have further restructuring next year which is without further savings as well. Some of that would impact next year and some of that impact a year after as well.
Selka Cook - JPMorgan Securities: Okay, helpful. And in terms of the rollback of the corporate cost accruals maybe that must $9 million or $10 million this quarter. Is there a similar order of magnitude in the fourth quarter or is everything adjusted now?
Mitch Butier: No, so a couple of things. Its not hitting just the corporate line, those numbers that I quoted 60 basis point was across the company. So its in fact --
Selka Cook - JPMorgan Securities: Yes, I apologize, I just meant like overall comp accruals, yes.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So it was about 60 basis points in the quarter; year-to-date its about 30 basis points. So youd expect it to be, assuming everything plays out like were planning, itd be roughly the 30 basis points.
Selka Cook - JPMorgan Securities: So that means no further adjustments in the fourth quarter. Is that what you said?
Mitch Butier: You would not be further adjusting down but you would be accruing less than you had in the prior year Q4. That's how that works.
Selka Cook - JPMorgan Securities: Okay. And can you quantify the magnitude what that may be on a year-on-year basis?
Mitch Butier: About 30 basis points.
Selka Cook - JPMorgan Securities: Okay that's the 30 basis point, okay, I understand, sorry.
Mitch Butier: No, I understand.
Selka Cook - JPMorgan Securities: And the last question I had is even though it seems that propylene prices havent really moved yet because we had all these refinery outages, like it looks like that the raw material basket may be less sensitive to oil but once activities starts up again -- I mean I would expect that probably all the propylene based derivatives that you purchase will probably begin to come down. And in that environment it seems that it may be difficult to raise price? Or how do you argue for a better price with your customers if it turns out that raw material basket may not  may be it wont step down may be just be flat. So how do you think theyll get to higher price in an environment like that?
Dean Scarborough: Yes, I think the decision on prices is driven not just by raw material cost, Selka. Its driven but what were trying to do with the business and as well as raw material costs and prices. And propylene is one factor for us in a whole range of factors whether it would be pulp  remember pulp and paper is half of what we do. So I mean I hope youre right about propylene. And if that happens our goal would be obviously to take advantage of that and, yes, customers will probably aware of those factors as well. But I think this is, I think in this environment were constantly taking pricing actions whether its being driven by currency or new products that we launch or number of factors and there are changes in raw materials all over the place. So I'm not too concerned about that.
Selka Cook - JPMorgan Securities: And a very last question on capital allocation. Do you envision that you can sort of continue the magnitude of the share buyback next year or do you have other plans for the free cash flow that you generate?
Dean Scarborough: Well we have a very disciplined strategy for the use of our cash and a good model. We said back in May at the investor meetings that we were looking as potentially some small bolt-on acquisitions and we have a pipeline of deals. And as you can tell so far we havent found anything that makes sense. But if we find the right opportunity well do that. Were pretty -- were well below our targeted range for our  on our balance sheet for debt to EBITDA. And so we've got plenty of capacity to do both frankly. So that's -- were in a pretty good position actually.
Selka Cook - JPMorgan Securities: Okay. That's clear. Thank very much, Ill get back into queue.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos. Please go ahead sir.
George Staphos - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hi guys. Ill try to ask you in sequence, I know were getting late in the call here. I guess first of all, can you help us map out the savings of $35 million, how you expect it to fall over the next few quarters, theyre pretty even or do you think it will be back end loaded? And given what you know right now recognizing that things can change obviously, do you anticipate much additional restructuring next year? I think to answering Selkas question said there may be a little bit but, could there be other endeavors that you need to do for getting the cost structure right in either RBIS or PSM? And then lastly at least in the sequence, Vancive, whats the long term strategy here? Its obviously a drag on the P&L. I know youve got some products that hopefully will come out, but its still a burden on the P&L. So whats the long term strategy there?
Mitch Butier: George, as far as your first question about the timing of savings for next year using roughly evenly distributing that throughout the year is the right to rule of thumb to start with. What youll see on the carry over front, not talking about the new initiatives, on the carry over front more the savings will be front loaded to  to RBIS in the first part of the year, and as you go out through the later part of the year more of those savings would be in PSM as this European restructuring project comes to completion.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, George, this is Dean, on the additional restructuring were going through our operating plan reviews in a few weeks. And our goal is to continue on our path of delivering against our long term financial target. So I think well have a lot better visibility on what we want to do on productivity and cost out and restructuring etcetera, etcetera in a few weeks. And well certainly let investors know when we do the fourth quarter call and provide guidance for next year. I think we have hopefully a good track record for identifying good productivity gains and executing them well. I think this in the third quarter we got probably the first hiccup that weve had and were committed to crisping that up and having better execution. But I think our teams are really good at finding additional sources of productivity and thats going to be one of the areas just like we always did focus on the AOP. I think at Vancive, our goal is to have that business at breakeven next year. The new products that weve launched are what are causing the losses, and were investing in the future. And the products are fine. Weve have a couple of commercial partners that havent frankly delivered what they said they would do and so it was taking a little longer for us to ramp up some of those new product launches. So this is an -- Im confident and weve got a good team and good products, but were going to be very disciplined about how we move that forward.
George Staphos - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks for that. And maybe lastly in 30 seconds, why should we be comfortable that the transitional manufacturing cost issues in PSM are now behind in Europe? Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, mainly George, I was just there again last week and were now hitting the metrics that we need to drive down the backlog, to improve our inventory and service levels to customers. So through the first three weeks of October anyway were making the progress that we, that the team is committed to so. And Im pretty confident that well get everything squared away by year end.
Operator: And with that, Mr. Scarborough, Ill return the call back to you for your closing remarks.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, thank you France. Just a quickly recap, our playbook hasnt changed. Were continuing to pursue the broad strategic priorities that weve communicated in the past fine tuning were appropriate and tightening up the execution of our commercial and operational initiatives. I know Mitch will continue to be an outstanding partner in driving our value creation agenda and I look forward to working with him and the rest of the organization to achieve our strategic vision and financial goals. Thank you, and well talk to you all in the New Year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all of your participation today. Have a great week end everyone.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-25 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds - Head of IR Dean Scarborough - Chairman, President and CEO Mitch Butier - SVP and CFO
 :
Analysts:  George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird Anthony Pettinari  Citigroup  Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Avery Dennisons Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter ended June 28, 2014. During the presentation, all participants will be in listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 12:00 pm Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, June 29th. To access the replay, please dial 1800-633-8284 or 402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21676582. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennisons Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Today, well discuss our preliminary unaudited second quarter 2014 results. Please note that unless otherwise indicated, todays discussion will be focused on our continuing operations. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A-2 to A-5 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release. We remind you that well make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in todays earnings release. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mitch Butier, Senior Vice President and CFO. Now I will turn the call over to Dean.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks, Eric and good day, everyone. I am happy to report another quarter in line with our expectations for consolidated result as both the top and bottom line. We anticipate solid results for the full year with organic sales growth of roughly 4%, adjusted EPS 12% to 16%, and continued return of cash to shareholders. The Pressure-sensitive Materials segment delivered organic sales growth of 6% above our expectations for the quarter driven by volume growth in Europe and emerging markets. In addition to delivering another quarter of solid growth in Label and Packaging Materials, we continue to make good progress with Graphics and Performance Tape. Those of who joined us for our Investor Meeting in May know that these products line represent an important strategic focus for us with opportunities for significant share gain in these relatively high variable margin product line. Year-to-date, we delivered mid-single digit organic sales growth for Graphics while Performing Tape had another strong quarter with double digit sales growth across all region and in both the industrial and personal care product lines. Operating margin for the PSM segment was down compared to the same period last year do impact to sub comparison as well as a few other headwinds including transition cost related to the European consolidation. We have experienced a few challenges associated with the restructuring action but I am pleased with the progress the team has made on this large complex project and we continue to expect $15 million of savings when the project is completed next year. We are focused on maintaining operating margin for the segment within our recently increased target range of 10% to 11% and were targeting the high end of that range over the coming year. Now turning to Retail Branding and Information Solutions, the team delivered a solid bottom-line result in the phase of some tough market condition from the quarter while top-line growth remains strong with our Europe-based retailers and brand owners driven largely by RFID sales to U.S. based current retailer and brand owners were saw. A key factor appears to be retailers in the U.S. exercising caution with their orders presumably reflecting the anticipation of weak end market demand. This top-line weakness has continued into the first two weeks of the third quarter, but I want to remind everyone that year-on-year comparisons do get easier for the segment as we move throughout the second half of the year. I am pleased to say the sales of RFID products were robust particularly among European retailers and we continue to expect RFID to be a key long-term growth driver for this business. Notwithstanding the challenging end market condition, RBIS continued to make good progress in executing key productivity initiatives reporting another quarter of strong earnings growth and taking another step forward on the path to our long-term urban target. As you know, we targeted full point of margin expansion for this business each year through 2015 and recently projected continued margin expansion through 2018. Finally, Vancive Medical Technologies continues to make progress against long-term strategic objectives. Although sales for its new product platforms havent begun to ramp up yet, sales for the core products were up 6% in line with expectations. As we continue to target breakeven profitability for the business by next year. So again another solid quarter for us overall. But as I said before while I am generally pleased with our progress we wont be satisfied until we achieve all of our long-term goals. Now Ill turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier:  Thanks Dean and hello everyone. In the second quarter we delivered 4% organic sales growth and a 13% increase in adjusted earnings per share reflecting sales growth in pressure sensitive materials and continued margin expansion in retail branding and information solutions. Adjusted operating margin in the quarter grew 10 basis points to 8.1% at the benefit of our productivity initiatives and top line growth offset the negative impact of higher employee related expenses and products mix. As part of our productivity initiatives we realized approximately $10 million of restructuring savings in the second quarter. This is net of $3 million of transition costs in pressure sensitive materials due to the consolidation of our European operations. We also incurred restructuring changes of about $40 million in this quarter driven primarily by this one action. Our effective tax rate was 42% in the second quarter and is 30% year-to-date. Our adjusted tax rate for both Q2 and year-to-date was 33% in line with our expectations as we continued to anticipate the full year tax rate to be comparable to last year. Free cash flow in the second quarter was $85 million versus $105 million last year. As a reminder last years free cash flow was relatively high as it included $26 million of proceeds from the sale of some buildings including our former corporate headquarters in Pasadena. We also had a headwind in the second quarter of this year in connection with the final phase of implementing a new financial system. During the transition to the new system, we paid certain vendors approximately $40 million in advance of our standard terms. This will not impact full year free cash flow as it is a timing item that will be recovered in the second half. We expect to deliver free cash flow of approximately $300 million in 2014 versus our previous guidance which had a floor of $300 million for the year. We have reassessed the possible timing of vendor payments and customer receipts at year-end and no receipts $300 million as a clear floor given the inherent volatility of working capital balances at year-end. Any reduction in free cash flow in 2014 related to these factors would simply represent a deferral into early next year. With net debt to EBITDA 1.4 times we remained below our long-term targeted leverage position with ample capacity that continues to return cash to shareholders over the coming years. Along these lines we repurchased 3.1 million shares in the first half at a cost of $153 million more than offsetting delusion and reflecting an increased level of share repurchases in the second quarter. We will continue to be disciplined and opportunistic when buying back shares. In addition, we paid $61 million in dividends in the first half. Looking at the segments, Pressure-sensitive Materials sales in the second quarter were up approximately 6% on an organic basis again exceeding our expectations. Labels and Packaging Materials sales grew mid single-digits and the combined sales for Graphics, Reflective and Performance Tapes grew low double-digits. On a regional basis, North America sales for the PSM segment were roughly flat. Western Europe grew mid single-digits and emerging markets grew almost 10%. PSMs adjusted operating margin of 10.1% in the second quarter was 60 basis points lower than the peak margin reported in the second quarter of last year. During Q2, higher employee related expenses the impact of changes in product mix and a modest headwind from the net impact of pricing and raw material input costs more than offsets the benefit of higher volume and productivity initiatives. As mentioned earlier we also incurred transition costs related to the restructuring in Europe which reduced margins by about 25 basis points in the quarter for this segment. While retail branding and information solution sales declined about 1% in the quarter, we delivered significant margin expansion in this segment. RBIS sales reflected weakness from U.S. based retailers and brands particularly in the value segment, largely offset by continued strong demand from Europe based retailers and brands principally from RFID. As expected RFID revenue is growing again as we have now left the tough comps weve discussed in the past. RFID revenue was up 40% in Q2 and 14% through the first half. Despite the sales decline in the second quarter RBIS again demonstrated continued margin expansion with adjusted operating margin improving 110 basis points to 8.2%, as the benefit of productivity initiatives and other items more than offset the impact of higher employee related expense and lower volume. The impact of higher employee related expenses was moderated in the quarter due to lower incentive compensation costs in this segment relative to last year. Sales in Vancive Medical Technologies grew approximately 6% in the quarter while the operating loss was reduced by roughly $1 million to $1.7 million. As for the 2014 outlook, we are narrowing our range of guidance for adjusted 2014 earnings per share from continuing operations to $3 to $3.10. This guidance is based on a number of assumptions including the key factors listed on slide eight of our supplemental presentation materials. We now estimate approximately 4% organic sales growth which excludes the benefit of an extra week of sales this year. We expect average shares outstanding assuming dilution of between 96 million and 97 million shares reflecting our increased share repurchases in Q2. As I mentioned, we now anticipate 2014 free cash flow of approximately $300 million and we increased our estimate for restructuring charges by a nickel per share due in part to modestly higher cost for the European consolidation. The rest of our key assumptions remain unchanged from what we shared last quarter. So, about our second quarter results for the individual segments came in so much different than expected the overall results for the company were in line. We are on track to deliver adjusted earnings per share growth of 12% to 16% for the year. As we articulated at Investor Meeting in May we are continuing to drive solid organic sales growth, maintaining our cost and capital discipline, and returning capital to shareholders. All of which continues to enable us to deliver double digit EPS growth. Now well open it up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead sir.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. Good to hear from you. The first question I had, the incremental margins in pressure-sensitive remained fairly negligible. I was wondering if you could provide a bit more color around that. With the context being, in part, in the past you had taken on additional revenue SKUs that was low in margin, but good from an EVA standpoint. As you answer that question, help me reconcile that other comment as well, in terms of why it's positive on an EVA basis?
Dean Scarborough: George this is Dean. One of the factors that in fact to the quarter were transition cost from our European restructuring. Some of those costs are difficult to predict because basically we were negotiating with the works council and various unions which have ended up being successful for us so some of those we probably had a higher than anticipated cost for transition in the second quarter we would expect in some of that maybe a little bit earlier in the year. So thats definitely one factor.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And can you
Dean Scarborough: And mix is the other factor here and I think its partially geographic mix its partially again the mix with some of the products I think I said at last quarter that this is the way I look at the quarter is kind of within the normal but if I exclude the transition cost its kind of within the normal band of variation that we had in the business. So it was lower than we thought it might be in the second quarter.
Mitch Butier: George and I think the other factor is what mentioned was we did talked last quarter that we saw modest and it is again modest gap between price and raw material input cost and that continued carried over in the Q2 as well which was another factor. I think overall like youre saying that the continuation of the trends that weve been talking about for the last few quarters and our target is 10% to 11% operating margin for this business. Its in that range for this year as you see and our objective is to get it to the high end for sure. But mix and more recently the price inflation I think has a very modest headwind and were working off that and kind of reinforces our objective of reducing fixed cost as we go forward.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: My follow on, and I'll turn it over and come back, We've been talking about mix as a headwind for a while, certainly, I think since fourth quarter last year probably dates back to third quarter. If mix is a headwind, by this juncture I would have expected, perhaps, some corrective actions to have been taken with it? Or if it's positive from an EVA standpoint, as you said, can you explain how it can be negative in mix and positive in EVA terms for us? Lastly, again, we've been talking about price cost compression for a while. At this juncture, should we have not seen from Avery Dennison some effective enough moves to have put that in the rear-view mirror? Thanks, guys, and I'll turn it over. 
Dean Scarborough: If you take out the transition cost in the quarter there would be incremental process in the business and that is EVA positive. So were again pleased with the overall trajectory there.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird: Hi, guys. Good morning. First off, on North American PSM, again, I think you mentioned that the sales were flat in the quarter, maybe Mitch did. Any sub-categories meaningfully weaker than others? Just curious as to what you think is actually going on in the market there?
Dean Scarborough: Its been very choppy Ghansham. If you look at the growth last year from the market perspective and I cant share this specific numbers with you, but start we had a very strong first half of 2013 and then we had a soft third quarter, talking about market now, a better fourth quarter and then the first quarter drop and weve talked about some of the factors there. And I would say sort of across the Board, I dont see one sector or another being impacted. And so, its a little bit perplexing to be honest, we continue to be really pleased with hope in every other region. As I look at the U.S. economy, I realized that that a lot of the economists are feeling pretty robust about the second half that there is something about the fact the GDP will be flat for the first half of this year thats connecting into their business. So, its a little bit perplexing. We have talked to customers on the anecdotal basis and theyre basically saying things are okay, but they just dont see a lot of growth or robust forecast from the customer. I like that a little bit -- its interesting that our RBIS business in U.S. based brands and retailers also were soft and there I think retailers are just being confirmative about what the fall season is going to look this year.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird: Okay. That's helpful. Then on the flip side of that, you mentioned initially that PSM came in above expectations in total. Of the other regions that you're exposed to, which one really came in above, was it Europe, the emerging markets, or a little of both?
Dean Scarborough: Both, I think, Europe has like Mitch mentioned that single digit growth and so -- and the market growth in Europe has continued to accelerate. I just want to tell everybody, we dont have second quarter numbers yet for the region and from a market perspective, but there continue to be surprise presently above the growth in Europe. Latin America continued to be strong as well as Asia Pacific, so all those regions actually are far and quite well.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird: Okay, I will turn it over. Thanks so much.
Mitch Butier: The one thing I would add is within the emerging market Eastern Europe has a little bit soft still compare to the rest of the emerging market.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird: Mitch, on that, was there any improvement versus the run rate from the previous quarter, or no? In Eastern Europe?
Mitch Butier: No.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup. Please go ahead
Anthony Pettinari  Citigroup: Good morning. You discussed higher employee related expenses in both segments. I was wondering, is that just wage inflation, or is there some new hiring going on? Is it possible to quantify the expense in either segment? Should we expect that to continue to be a headwind in the second half?
Dean Scarborough: Its normally inflation. There is no big investment or anything going on. We obviously have so modest investments and stakes for example where were seeing high growth and high margin expansion very modest. Its 95% normal wage inflation. We are always comment on its just as being one of the key factors as we talk through it. But one thing I would comment on is what I said earlier is just that, wage inflation is a headwind for RBS in particular but it was more moderated than we normally see just because the adjustments within incentive comp within that business.
Anthony Pettinari  Citigroup: Okay. That's helpful. In your prepared remarks, I think you reaffirmed full-year cash guidance, but if I heard correctly, you said some cash may be deferred or pushed out from 2014 to 2015 at the end of the year. Did I get that right? If that's correct, is there an order of magnitude of how much that could be on free cash?
Dean Scarborough: Before were expecting modestly above 300 million and we set 300,000 at the four, and now were saying approximately 300,000. So there is subtle shift change just because we dont see that we can guarantee, if you will, 300,000 as a floor in our guidance right now. And if you recall at the beginning of this year, $30 million moved from 14 in 13 more than we expected, it will be commented on that in January during the earnings call and when we just look at it there is just too much volatility when you combine the 53rd week until and so forth, there is a lot of volatility. It really doesnt matter at time of cash moving a week or two and so anything short within later Q4 to be coming partly in Q1 at the next year.
Anthony Pettinari  Citigroup: Okay thats helpful. I will turn it over.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please proceed 
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company : Thank you. Good afternoon, all. Following up on George's question, when do you think your price increases will catch up on the raw materials and you will close that gap?
Mitch Butier: Its a very modest gap and most of the places that weve been raising prices have been due more to currency shifts in markets like South America or India, again where we have currency related inflation. I think that this gap is modest enough that well get it through a focus on mix improvements priced and targeted pricing actions et cetera. Its certainly not like it was few years ago where were getting ramping inflation.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company : And what do you see happening in terms of raw material inflation over the next few months?
Dean Scarborough: The stability, relative to Q1 we had talked about pressures if you heard, we didnt talk much about pressures year-over-year. We still have some pressures there but as far as sequentially we have seen them ease a little bit. And were still seeing it obviously within paper and then specialty chemicals as well. But relative speaking, little bit of moderation.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company : Okay, thanks. Looking at the graphic reflective tapes top line growth of 10% to 11%, what is behind that strength? Is it that you are getting new accounts? Is it new products, just because it is smaller? Do they have a smaller margin than the rest of PSM, and therefore this is why you had margin pressure?
Dean Scarborough: No actually the graphics and tapes and reflective product category all have higher variable margins than the core label and packaging business. As we said during the industrial presentations these are markets where we had relatively low market share. And our teams have done a great job of proving some new product innovations and improve quality and service in graphics. Our performance tapes business has seen excellent growth on both the personal care side of the business as well as in industrial business. We had a couple of new adhesive products platforms that we launched a couple of years ago. And our commercial teams are doing a great job executing, driving lot of new applications both with existing customers and new customers in that business.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company : Okay. If this is the case, if you have a stronger growth for your higher margin products, why was label's margin then, they have to have been down? What is behind those margins?
Dean Scarborough: So while the graphic variable margin was up a lot of that frankly was chewed up by extra transition cost that we had in the European restructuring program which frankly is all about improving our class in that business. So thats definitely one reason.
Mitch Butier: And the other thing, if you look at we mentioned last years Q2 was a peak quarter. It was 10.7 and the average for the year was up 10.2. And so if you compare against that average Q2 and Q3 are usually little bit higher than the average the mid is like 3 or 4. But the point is if you adjust this for the transition cost you basically get for those two factors alone you get in roughly flat margins. Product mix we still had one and thats why we commented on it for 6% top line growth. We traditionally did a little bit more additional flow through, so were just seeing a continuation of the trend within the labels and packaging materials business that weve seen in the last few quarters. And it really reinforces the strategy focusing on graphics and tapes.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company : Thanks. I appreciate it. If I may ask one quick last question? In terms of Eastern Europe, how big are Ukraine and Russia? Do you see an impact on your business going forward, if it doesn't quiet down?
Dean Scarborough: Its a timely question because we literally just opened the new distribution center for pressure sensitive materials in Ukraine. And actually its been growing quite nicely now, its very, very small. So it really doesnt have a material impact on materials.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead sir.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital:  Hi. Mitch, I just wanted to go back to the free cash flow guidance for a second. Could you just clarify for me, did you say that $30 million of cash at the beginning of 2014 got moved into 2013? Or was it the reverse?
Mitch Butier:  No that happened and we talk on that back in January and thats not the reason were adjusting our guidance now. I had shared that happened last year and as indicative of the amount of volatility there can be around year-end and it really just moves. So if you recall we beat our guidance for free cash flow in 13 and we attributed $30 million of that just due to timing. And if you saw on Q1 of this year free cash flow was worse than it normally is in Q1 and $30 million of that with that was attributable that reason. Does that make sense?
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Yes, that makes sense. So, $30 million got pulled from 2014 into 2013, made the free cash flow guidance lower than maybe some of us originally would have anticipated. Now we have free cash flow going from 2014 into 2015.
Dean Scarborough: Maybe
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Maybe, okay. So its a maybe.
Dean Scarborough: Scott our first goal year end if you read I think on the 3rd of January and its really is hard to project. And as you can see last year we thought we come in around 300 million and we came in 330 million.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: So, this is mostly related to receivables within the working capital line in? Is that how to think about it?
Dean Scarborough: We receive little down pay at lot of terms are end of month. And so those payments can come in couple of days earlier or couple of days late including our own payments.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Alright. Fair enough. When we look at the RBIS business, Dean, I thought you mentioned something about growth in European RFID. Can you talk about the growth within Europe? Is that maybe more meaningful than we've maybe thought about before? How does sort of RFID break down Europe versus US, as a percentage of that $100 million or maybe its $120 million in sales now, who knows, of that business?
Dean Scarborough: We probably I think commenting a little bit is that the investor meetings and the take up off RFID in Europe has been faster than in for U.S. brands and retailers. And frankly as anything we see an acceleration of that impact. And so its pretty much when a leader in the category decides to go on RFID so there is a lot of followership so we have definitely seen a stuck up in activity across the board in Europe. The U.S. so we still a lot of ramp up activities going but there are more vertical retailers in Europe and I think they just have some of that have a very natural well defined business case and they are moving forward so its all good I think the same thing will happen in U.S. but it will took that behind a little bit.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Okay. Lastly, I think you mentioned the, you took the restructuring costs higher, modestly higher due to the European restructuring effort. Are you finding more opportunity, or is the restructuring just costing more to get that done?
Dean Scarborough: The increase it was roughly half from the European restructuring and a little bit more another action within RBIS its going to deliver more savings next year as well.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead sir.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Hi, there. Was your average price mix in the quarter for the Company as a whole up or down? And by how much?
Dean Scarborough: The price mix for the total company was slight headwind overall and if you look at it the product mix that weve talked about within the materials business but then also as you recall weve discussed that RBIS business has higher variable margins so when that down and PSM is up that also has a segment mix effect if you will overall.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay. Were you surprised at the RBIS volumes or not?
Dean Scarborough: Yes, we thought we would have more robust sales especially from North American retailers, so from that perspective. The color to that too very positive lease of price buy continued strength in Europe.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: All things being equal, are your expectations for the fourth quarter in RBIS lower or higher or the same in light of the sales and order patterns you have seen so far?
Dean Scarborough: Jeff we dont give segment guidance but I will say this and that is that the terms for RBIS get easier through the back half the year. And a lot of this frankly will be determine how that tool sales theyll prepare. And if the current consumer confident index is an indicator that people are going to buy more apparel than and the sales are robust at back to school I would anticipate that retail as we feel little bit better about putting more items in stock. If you look at just apparel sales generally as a category in the first half of the year they havent been very good the year-over-year sales comps just havent been very good. So I think there is just a little bit of conservatism thats in there.
Mitch Butier: And Jeff if you look at the range of our guidance we dont give guidance by segment if you look at the range of our guidance the low end is roughly a continuation of some of the trends that we saw in Q2 and the high end is somewhat an improvement from that. So thats carefully in line with the range of the guidance.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: I wasn't trying to crowbar a forecast out of you. All I meant was that -- no, that normally if the second quarter is weaker, the fourth quarter tends to be a little bit weaker, or that is what I call --.
Dean Scarborough: Its really different season and I remember back in 2012 we had a really tough first half and then we had a really robust second half for RBIS in terms of volume growth. And because of the seasonality in the business every major seasons is considered to be -- the whole new outlet for retailers.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay. I think there are $3 million in transition costs included in the pro forma operating income in pressure sensitive in the second quarter. Does that go to, I don't know, $1 million in the third quarter and then it disappears?
Dean Scarborough: The timing is in precise when the transition cost flow through but were expecting a few million more between Q3 and Q1 next year. So if that moderates.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: It moderates, okay. In terms of cash restructuring outlays, if you hadn't said it before, how much have you paid so far in the first half of the $50 million you intend to pay this year?
Dean Scarborough: Of the 50 million we have not paid that much, so lot of its ahead of us still in the coming couple of quarters.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: 40?
Dean Scarborough: I dont have that right in front of me Jeff, sorry. But I can provide that for you off line.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay. What's pricing in RBIS like, or as you look forward? Is that pretty flat or is there a negative mix there as well?
Dean Scarborough: No its fine, recalling that business, its a custom business. So there is a constant weak pricing as new programs come up. So I think anything the team has done a good job of continuing to improve the variable margins in the business. So I feel actually pretty good about that. What were really focused on getting more volume growth because if we had 3% sales growth on top some of the productivity that we delivered in the quarter it would have been pretty incredible result. And so as we look again at the back half of the business I think the good news is that easier, its our commercial teams are targeting to take some additional market share, really help us and we fell again pretty good about some of the programs in RFID and external establishments ramping up.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Avery is often a good bellwether of which way the global economy is going. Does it feel to you like the global economy is accelerating or staying the same or slowing down? Or do you not have a sense?
Dean Scarborough: Well thats a big responsibility Jeff. I would say
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: I wont hold you to it.
Dean Scarborough: Well thats probably good. The one market that has uncertainties still for me and I am a bit confused is North America. Every other market seems to be doing just fine, frankly and I am pleased with it. Our teams are executing well. And things have just started. In North America the slowness in pressure sensitive typically would say that we have a softness coming and again I looked at the market growth rates its been choppy. Well have a quarter thats flat again and then on this case we know well have some weather related effects in pressure sensitive in the first quarter. And the second quarter really didnt rebound as much as certainly the economy were talking about. And so we just hadnt seen that kind of rebound yet.
Operator: Our final question is a follow up from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead Mr. Staphos.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Thanks. Hi, guys. I think I know the answer to this, but I just want to confirm. If we looked at your average pricing in pressure-sensitive year-on-year on a per-unit basis, would it be safe to say that pricing was down year-on-year, recognizing that mix is probably a big chunk of that? How would you answer that question?
Mitch Butier: George we actually just comment on the net trend between raw material costs and price trends. And you actually see quite a bit of difference region by region, significant input cost inflation in some regions, largely due to currency that require price increases and in other regions you may see the opposite. So weve been commenting on net from an impact and we talked about it being neutral for about four or five quarters consistently until Q1. And were now seeing a modest headwind from that.
Dean Scarborough : George let me just add a comment here. And Mitch said it before, so I know weve been talking about this and this quarter looks more severe than I really feel in. For two reasons we had the highest operating margin ever in Pressure-sensitive Materials last year second quarter as you know moderated a bit in the back half of the last year, but still above the 2015 target range we just have for the business and this year we have the combined impact of for the same mixed range, but the transition cost on top of it -- so I believe that were going to continue to operate Pressure-sensitive business focused on innovation, continuous innovation, focused on growing our graphics and performances tape business at higher margins. And were going to be in that 10% to 11% margin range again targeting the upper end. I think if also looking catalyst or breakthrough that will certainly come when we complete the European restructuring program because well get a big lift next because we get the benefit of the restructuring of course we would have the transition cost in the P&L at the same time.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Sure. That makes sense. Again, I'm not trying to flag one way or another a concern we have or not, I'm just trying to get at the data best we can to model it. So, I appreciate your patience with our line of questioning. The targeting of --.
Dean Scarborough: I am trying to sound confident. Hopefully, I didn't come across as impatient.
George Staphos - Bank of America: No, understood. In terms of the targeting of the 11%, I'm assuming that's not for the full year next year. You're hoping to get towards 11% as the year progresses, so maybe second half of next year would be where you're beginning to -- where you're approaching that on a quarterly basis. Would that be a fair pictorial?
Dean Scarborough: Actually what we said was for 2018, we wanted to be in the 10% to 11% range and were targeting the high end of the range. So I dont   
George Staphos - Bank of America:   I thought you said...
Dean Scarborough :   (Multiple speakers) we're happy to give next year guidance, but were going to maintain at in the 10 to 11 shooting for 11. Thats what we said.
George Staphos - Bank of America: No problem, Dean. I thought you said during your prepared remarks that you hope to be approaching 11% in the next year off of these programs. I must have misheard you there.
Dean Scarborough: No, definitely, we were -- thats a longer term goal and if you recall last time we said a target range, we exceeded with it in middle of the quarter. I know again, I am real confident about the 10 to 11 and were going to stretch for the high end, so it will be great if we had high end of the range next year but were not predicting that right now.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Understand. No problem on that. Can you remind us, what is it about the comps getting easier for RBIS that we should remember? Obviously remember RFID, but is there anything we should reflect on as we're modeling out our volume comparisons? 
Dean Scarborough: Yes, I think the value segment for us in North America was particularly strong in the first half of 2013 and then got a bit softer in the second half. So just to remember having strong comp there so the comps just getting easier, I think thats the main factor.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Okay, and last, and I think you touched on this before, July trends, it sounds like in PSM have been more or less the same from what we saw in the Q2. Could you affirm that or correct, if it need be? Within RBIS, how have early 3Q trends looked like? Thanks, guys, and good luck on the quarter.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks. I think the trends consistent with our guidance range and pretty consistent with how we came out of the sector quarter. And as just remind everybody that July is a really tough month for us and then August tends to be definitely impressive by Europe holiday. So September always is the key month and that would start, really some of the retailers star to order and purchase for that Q4 season in September as well. So thats really good season and how going its going to go.
George Staphos - Bank of America: Actually, one last one and I'll finish up with here. Historically, if we go back to the 1990s and even early 2000s, if I recall, free cash flow for the Company would accelerate in the second half versus the first half. In turn, that was often a reason why the Company could accelerate repurchases of its stock. Are there any lessons from that as we look out to 2014? Or would you not draw any conclusions, you're just going to be disciplined and opportunistic about repurchase? Thanks, guys, and again, good luck in the quarter.
Dean Scarborough: Thank you, George. We will continue to be disciplined and opportunistic and we dont look at the seasonality of our free cash flow as a key driver of when we would repurchase shares. We are under levered as I had mentioned and to have ample capacity between our cash flow and our current leverage position and we will continue to be disciplined and opportunistic, George.
Operator: Mr. Scarborough, there are no further questions at this time. You may continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks everyone. Well, I would like to conclude by saying our playbook is working. We are delivering mid single digit organic sales growth driven by emerging markets, innovation, and share gain. We are executing productivity actions and driving capital efficiency were on track to improve our returns and were returning cash to shareholders and we will continue on this path. Thanks for joining us and we look forward to speaking with your again soon.
Operator:
 :

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-23 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds - Head of IR Dean Scarborough - Chairman, President and CEO Mitch Butier - Senior Vice President and CFO 
Analysts:  Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Company Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets Silke Kueck - JP Morgan Securities George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Avery Dennisons Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter ended March 29, 2014. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 12:00 pm Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, April 27th. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284 or 402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21676581. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Eric Leeds, Avery Dennisons Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Today, well discuss our preliminary unaudited first quarter 2014 results. Please note that unless otherwise indicated, todays discussion will be focused on our continuing operations. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP on schedules A-2 to A-4 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release. We remind you that well make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in todays earnings release. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mitch Butier, Senior Vice President and CFO. Now I will turn the call over to Dean.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks, Eric and good day, everyone. We had a solid start to 2014. Our playbook is working. We are delivering mid single-digit organic sales growth driven by emerging markets, innovation and share gain. We are executing productivity actions and driving capital efficiency. We are improving returns and were returning cash to shareholders. Organic sales growth came in at the high-end of our expectations for the quarter, driven by Pressure-sensitive Materials growth outside the U.S. specifically the Labeling and Packaging Materials business continued to benefit from strong growth in Asia and South America as well as solid growth in Europe. Performance Tapes also delivered another strong quarter. However, consistent with recent quarters, we did not see as much of the benefit to operating profit from PSMs incremental sales growth as we generally expect. We had some headwinds in the quarter that drove higher than expected manufacturing and SG&A expense. So, our operating margin for PSM came in a bit short of expectations for the quarter, given our relatively strong top-line results. We're very pleased to see the acceleration of top-line growth for our highest return business. And we'll continue to take actions to drive productivity as modest improvement in our flow through will drive even greater value creation. Retail Branding and Information Solutions delivered another quarter of strong earnings growth inline with our expectations for both top-line and margin expansion. Growth continues to be the strongest with our Europe-based retailers and brand owners and in the performance athletic and fast fashion segments of the market. RBIS remains on track with its profit improvement plan. The business has made excellent progress in executing its footprint reduction strategy and other key productivity initiatives. As you know, we target a [ballpoint] of margin expansion for this business each year through 2015. The consistent execution of our marketing and operational strategies has kept us on track to achieve that objective. So again, a solid quarter for us overall, but while I'm generally pleased with the progress we made in the first quarter, we won't be satisfied until we achieve all of our long-term goals. We'll be providing more detail on our opportunities and strategies within each of our key businesses and providing new financial targets through 2018 during our Investor Meeting in New York on May 21st. I hope you'll be able to join us. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks Dean and hello everyone. We had another solid quarter with 5% organic sales growth and a 10% increase in adjusted earnings per share, driven by higher than expected volume growth in Pressure-sensitive Materials and continued margin expansion in the Retail Branding and Information Solutions. Adjusted operating margin in the quarter grew 40 basis points to 7.1%, as the benefit of our productivity initiatives and continued solid top-line growth more than offset the negative impact of higher employee-related expenses. As part of our productivity initiatives, we realized approximately $10 million of restructuring savings in the first quarter and incurred about $7 million of restructuring costs. Our tax rate in the first quarter was 18% reflecting benefits of discrete items. Our adjusted tax rate for Q1 was 33% inline with our expectations as we continue to anticipate the full year tax rate to be comparable to last year. Free cash flow from continuing operations came in as we expected with the net outflow of the $155 million reflecting seasonality and the timing of capital needs. We continue to expect to deliver free cash flow in excess of $300 million for the year. With net debt to EBITDA at 1.4 times, we remain below our long-term targeted leverage position, with ample capacity to continue to return cash to shareholders over the coming years. And we will continue to do so in a disciplined manner. Along these lines, we repurchased an additional 1.2 million shares for $59 million in the first quarter more than offsetting dilution and paid $28 million in dividends. Looking at the segments; Pressure-sensitive Materials sales in the first quarter were up approximately 6% on an organic basis exceeding our expectations. Both Label and Packaging Materials sales and the combined sales for Graphics, Reflective and Performance Tapes were up mid single-digits on an organic basis. On a regional basis, North America sales grew slightly; Western Europe grew mid single-digits; and emerging markets grew about 10%, reflecting solid volume growth in both Asia and Latin America. PSMs adjusted operating margin in the first quarter was flat at 9.9%, as the benefit of productivity initiatives and higher volume was offset primarily by higher employee related expenses as well as modest headwinds from the net impact of pricing and raw material inflation, currency transaction costs, and higher manufacturing expenses in North America due in large part to extreme weather in the quarter. While some of these headwinds will dissipate in the second quarter, as Dean mentioned, we continue to have challenges with the flow through in PSM and we are working to address them. Retail Branding and Information Solutions sales grew about 2% in the quarter, consistent with our expectations as continued strong demand from Europe based retailers and brands offset the impact of the tough RFID comps from one U.S. based retailer. RFID revenue in the quarter declined almost 10%, reflecting the tough comps. Q1 represented the last quarter of these tough comps and we expect RFID sales to begin to return to a more normal growth pattern over the balance of the year. RBIS again demonstrated continued strong margin expansion in the first quarter with adjusted operating margin improving 120 basis points to 5.8% as the benefit of productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset higher employee related expenses. Sales in Vancive Medical Technologies which was previously identified as other specialty converting businesses grew 2.4% in the quarter with an operating loss that was roughly the same as last year. As for our 2014 outlook, we continue to expect adjusted 2014 earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.90 to $3.20. This guidance is based on a number of assumptions including the key factors listed on slide 8.  We now estimate 3.5% to 5% organic sales growth which excludes the benefit of the extra week of sales this year. The increase in the low end of this range simply reflects PSMs higher than expected sales growth in the first quarter. And as you can see, the rest of our key assumptions remain unchanged from what we shared last quarter. So, overall, we delivered a solid first quarter and continuing to expect adjusted earnings per share growth of 8% to 19% for the year. Were continuing our strategies of driving above market organic sales growth through innovation and differentiated quality and service, while continuing our cost and capital discipline. We will maintain our strong balance sheet and continue returning cash to shareholders. Now, well open it up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner from Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Good morning
Dean Scarborough: Hi. Good morning Scott.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Hi. Just wanted to dig a little bit deeper on PSM on the contribution margin, came in around 10%. You mentioned mix before, I think last quarter; can you talk about the mix of sales, is there something else as far as headwinds that maybe go away, I think youve seen you might have talked about anticipating at some point, can you just add a little bit more color there?
Dean Scarborough:  Sure. Actually the mix trends are less negative, so we did see a positive impact of that sequentially. But we did run and I hate to blame the weather, but we could run into some weather related problems during the quarter. We had 13 plant days of no shipments and therefore to hit customer service requirements had cost us a bit more money, we have some currency impact. We had some extra expenses that went the wrong way for the quarter. So normally we have puts and takes in the quarter and this year we had a few more takes than puts.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: So, when we look at the targets youve outlined so far, I mean you did say at the last Analyst Day, I think you updated since then 9% to 10% operating margin for this segment. These headwinds that you are facing you think you are more cyclical and more one-time in nature, are they secular trends that are difficult to overcome?
Dean Scarborough:  I dont think they are secular. The business operated over the target range for three quarters last year, we're still at the top of the target range. We are certainly trying to grow the business faster, this is a business that operates at a multiple of the cost of capital, so growing at faster makes some sense. Some of that growth has come with slightly lower margins, but its still value creating and we did have a few more bad guys this quarter I think then we normally would have expected and I do expect the weather to be much better in the spring than it certainly was in the winter.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Great. Agreed. And then just from the sales perspective, looking at you said combined sales for Graphics, Reflective and Performance Tapes is up mid-single digit. And if I go back I guess to all the way to 2Q of last year, has that particular portion of PSM has grown quite nicely? Would you consider that a leading indicator for the company or is there a different sub-segment within the company that you would look at as your leading indicator, because the growth there does look relatively strong over the last three to four quarters.
Dean Scarborough: I really think Label and Packaging Materials is the best leading indicator. And there we had good growth everywhere except for North America where we were disappointed, but honestly that was more weather related than anything else. We don't have market data yet for the first quarter, but the trends we saw from the market data and showed strengthening trends over the last two quarters of last year. So, for me it's been a net positive. Our Tapes business has been executing extremely well with very nice growth and a lot of that is just crisp execution of their growth strategies for both the personal care business and our industrial tapes business. So we feel good about that but I wouldn't consider that to be a leading indicator.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just lastly, I mean you said in your opening comments, off to a solid start for the year, is the playbooks working, organic growth came in at the high end of the range. And yet we see the stocks down considerably today. Is there something that you have been talking to investors about that's been a big disappointment here in the quarter for the year? And then just to add that the PSM, I mean it sounds like some of this is, it's fleeting overtime. Anything you can point to that is causing some concerns?
Dean Scarborough: No, actually I am disappointed with the stock price drop this morning of course, I think everyone is. We are pretty much right on track for the year, I think where -- we felt like we could have done a little bit better, but again we had several kind of one time events and that hurt us a bit but fundamentally the business is seem to be clicking on, I would say 7.5 (inaudible) cylinders if there is such a thing. And market demand looks pretty good. I feel very good about the organic growth. And we are holding our guidance for the year. As you know we generally dont change our guidance after the first quarter, it does tend to be, it is our weakest quarter of the year, so its hard to draw the trend line. And we saw strengthening coming through the quarter. So you are probably in a better position to understand stock price movings than we are. I can only guess that past few quarters we have been beating and consensus number by a penny of two and this time we came in under, even though we dont give quarterly guidance, I know some investors track those numbers pretty closely.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Thanks, Dean.
Dean Scarborough: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Robert W. Baird & Company. Please proceed.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Company: Hey, guys. How are you?
Dean Scarborough: Hey, Ghansham.
Mitch Butier: How do you do?
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Company: Good, thank you, thank you. Can you first off quantify that (inaudible) weather impact on the first quarter obviously, it impacted a lot of companies in the sector and out of the sector as well, just hoping to get some sort of [quantitatively] on that from you?
Dean Scarborough: Sure, Ghansham. I guess let me comment about the three components I mentioned, I mention about the price inflation gapping a modest headwind and headwind from the currency and then also from the higher cost in North America which a good portion of that was weather, each of those had a $0.01 to $0.02 impact within the quarter. And if you look at which ones of those will actually reverse out immediately going into Q2, there is $0.02 that basically will come out right away and that we are working to manage through the rest of them as well.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Company: Okay. So it was pretty considerable. And then in terms of margins for PSM, 2013 was pretty strong, 2Q and 3Q in particular from an operating margin standpoint, just given some of the mix issues and some of the productivities you have lined up for this business, do you expect margins to be up year-over-year for this business assuming the mid point of your range in terms of sales growth, sorry?
Dean Scarborough:  Yes, Ghansham, we dont give segment guidance but let me just talk a little bit about what we are doing this year. We are trying to accelerate our growth rate which makes a lot of sense, its value creating for business with its high returns. The second thing is we are executing a major restructuring action in Europe closing the factory that will cost us some money this year on the expense line, but we are doing it to make ourselves more competitive and therefore it should definitely see some improvement than in our operating margins for 2015 and beyond. So we are going to obviously give a lot more color to that as we talk about our targets in May. One other factor here is that our graphics and tapes and reflective businesses have higher than average margins and we have an opportunity to grow those businesses a bit faster so thats another real positive.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Company: Okay. And just one final one on RBIS in terms of the geographic sales breakdown between the two major regions there?
Dean Scarborough: Still stronger in Europe. We are actually -- I should say European-based retailers and brands because obviously some of those companies in the fast fashion, in performance athletic have global footprint. The U.S. was negative, when you take out the impact of the RFID, our customer, it was low single-digit positive. And what we see in the U.S. frankly is again good performance in the performance athletic area but some of the mass merchandise business hasnt been that good and I think it reflects somewhat consumer sentiment. Fortunately, we did start to see a apparel sales for customers start to rebound, in the March timeframe I think most of apparel companies have reported pretty good results. So, were hopeful, but the one thing I am very pleased with though is the amount of margin improvement we were able to drive even with a relatively low organic sales growth rate in the quarter.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Company: Okay. Thanks so much.
Dean Scarborough: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup Global Markets. Please proceed.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets: Good morning.
Dean Scarborough: Good morning.
Mitch Butier: Hey, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets: Just following-up on the European restructuring. I was wondering if you could give us any color on how costs will flow through the year and how operating margin improvement is that something that we should think of is really being back-end loaded? And if you can, in terms of the plan closure in the Netherlands that you [Technical Difficulty] timing on that?
Dean Scarborough:  Sure. Anthony you broke up a little bit towards the end, but I think your question was around timing of the European restructuring when we see the saving. So one thing I will say is savings are going to be next year, so there is no real restructuring savings in 2014, its in 2015. And then we have some transitioning cost when you implement a big restructuring like this. And that will hit Q2 or Q3, the timing of this is still being worked through as were going through the process of announcing the plant closure.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets:  Okay. Thats helpful. And then you tightened up your organic sales growth guidance, but your full year earnings guidance is unchanged; and I guess thats a fairly wide range 8% to 19% earnings growth. As you look to the rest of the year, Im just wondering what would be the major factors that would swing you potentially to the upper-end or the lower-end of that range outside of just volume and demand growth?
Dean Scarborough: Yes. I think a lot of it again has to do with the organic sales growth, and I think that pretty good proxies for that still a pretty wide range 3.5 to 5. The number one question we always had in the second quarter is the lengths and strength of the second quarter ordering season for apparel. And its something we just dont have a lot forward visibility to. And to a certain extent that has a fairly that will have a big impact certainly on the second quarter, which is a fairly strong quarter for us.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets: Okay. And then maybe just a last question, dovetailing on that. As you look through the first three weeks of the month, what have business trends been like and order trends been like in RBIS and PSM?
Dean Scarborough: It is pretty much as we expected and certainly inline with our guidance. Again, it's always a tricky period its three weeks, we have had Easter in there. And Id say fundamentally, they are okay. The one thing we just don't know especially for RBIS is the length of time that the strong ordering period will start. I mean if you look at the whole company, we started off slow in January, little better in February, March was quite strong. And our order rate has been just fine for the first three weeks of April, but again, trying to predict that out. It's how, the end of May early June look is, it's just hard to do.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Dean Scarborough: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas from JP Morgan Securities. Please proceed. 
Silke Kueck - JP Morgan Securities: Hi, good morning. It's Silke Kueck for Jeff. How are you?
Dean Scarborough: Hi Silke.
Silke Kueck - JP Morgan Securities: Were all of the $10 million in cost savings in the RBIS segment?
Mitch Butier: The vast majority were in RBIS, yes.
Silke Kueck - JP Morgan Securities: Okay. And secondly, I was wondering how your raw material cost are trending like your paper cost, your propylene cost, like it seem to us like a little bit of like a headwind in the first quarter, which would make sense because propane prices moved up, again now a downward moving. So, I was wondering maybe you had some comments on that?
Dean Scarborough: Yes, sure. So this is one of the areas where we've seen a little bit of a shift that I commented on around the modest headwind from the price inflation gap. And we've been talking about experiencing inflationary pressures for the last few quarters. And it started materializing a little bit more in Q1 than we had seen previously. And while we are seeing the pressures are coming in [adhesive] components, as well as in paper, paper is a profit, all time right now at least for long time. So thats where we are seeing the pressures and we are working to offset that through procurement actions, further productivity reducing the material content of the products we produce. And so, and then what we cant offset that will be evaluating price adjustments and so forth. Again pretty modest in the quarter, we are feeling the pressures it did go again just a couple of cents in the quarter.
Silke Kueck - JP Morgan Securities: How much pricing that you get generally in quarter if any?
Dean Scarborough: We got through the pricing, so you really have to look at it region-by-region. Weve talked in the last quarter about some additional surcharge that we are putting through North America those went through as far as the -- we have a lot of pricing in emerging regions, links to currency movements, so thats just offsetting the movement in imported, higher import cost of raw materials in those regions. But those pricing are all going through, but overall pricing its a competitive situation and thats where things are. But hope -- generally again pricing and raw material inflation is relatively neutral what weve seen over the last number of quarters, this time I want to guess just a couple of sense, so not significant, but a little bit of a shift.
Silke Kueck - JP Morgan Securities: Last question, of the $0.01 to $0.02 and whether headwinds maybe $0.01 to $0.02 you know raw material price headwinds. Do you think you will make, you can make all of that debt in the second quarter or maybe you would make up half of this and then the other half in the third?
Dean Scarborough: No. So, I think some of thats what goes out immediately for the things like weather and so forth, a couple of sense we should be cover immediately going in the second quarter others weve got a work through and address between Q2 and Q3 and work to offset.
Mitch Butier:  One comment I would make is that quarter came in pretty much right at our expectation and our planning. So, I would say that if you sense any disappointment other than the drop in the stock price, its really about we felt that we probably could have performed better in the quarter. Now from our internal planning and modeling perspective, we came in right where we thought we would.
Silke Kueck - JP Morgan Securities: What I would say when I look at my model I saw that in terms of mix sales I saw that Pressure-sensitive would have done better and RBIS a little bit worsen I saw and that sort of like would happen and then for profit performance was different what was expected before, there was very little margin in Pressure-sensitive can you explain why and RBIS did so much and I guess that we also captured the cost savings? And then I guess going forward, I am assuming that the majority of the cost savings for the year also will be captured and RBIS, have I understand that correctly?
Dean Scarborough:  Yes. And next year you will see a shift towards PSM again because of the European restructuring. Thats absolutely right, Silke.
Silke Kueck - JP Morgan Securities: Can I ask one more question on the cash flow statement if I could? That have a very large work, a negative working capital number in the quarter, I mean I understand there are inventory builds early in the year. Does some of it also relate to like some again bonus payments that get done or why is that number so large in the first quarter?
Mitch Butier:  Sure. So, a couple of comments, if you are asking seasonally why is free cash flow always negative in Q1, there is a couple of reasons for that, part of it just the way seasonality of the business so December sales are depressed relative to other months and so when we collect cash from those sales in Q1 thats lower than. So thats one reason. The other is incentive compensation payments as you say happen in the first quarter as well. So thats why seasonally Q1 is always a negative. As you saw we had a pretty bigger outflow this year than we had last year, few reasons for that. One is if you recall last quarter I mentioned just because of the year-end timing basically 2013, about $30 million I said moved from the first weeks of what we normally see in the first few weeks of the year into year-end 13. That was $30 million, you can see the CapEx timings another $20 million. And the rest of it is around just working capital timing and a key piece of this is around the receivables as far as moving around that, part of that is geographic mix, our terms are longer in the emerging markets where were seeing the most growth. Part of that was timing of sales within the quarter, as Dean said, higher sales growth in March than we saw in the first couple of months, so that moves the working capital as well. So we are seeing a little bit of a shift there. Again free cash flow came in as expected and I think the key thing here is we are not seeing any increased risk from a bad debt exposure or anything else. You can actually see that in the financial statements as well.
Silke Kueck - JP Morgan Securities: And do you still expect to buyback like I dont know 5 million shares this year?
Mitch Butier: Well, our estimate for the average amount of shares outstanding for the year is 97 million given that we usually have 2 million, but the math would get you to roughly 5 million so.
Silke Kueck - JP Morgan Securities: Okay. Then thank you very much for the clarifications. And Ill get back into queue.
Dean Scarborough: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Hi guys good morning.
Dean Scarborough: Hi George.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: How are you doing? Couple of things, one are you in a position at this juncture to talk about what the savings might be in Europe from the capacity realignment?
Mitch Butier:  Yes. The savings next year is expected to be around $15 million.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Thank you for that. And then in Europe incremental margin in RBIS this past quarter was exceptional because you were getting all of the restructuring savings, obviously a lot has been driven by volume, but if we can hold normal levels of volume whatever that might be say certainly no worse than what we saw in the first quarter, should we continue to see stronger than normal incremental margin in RBIS the rest of 2014 from what you can see right now?
Mitch Butier: I think George, it depends on the sales growth of course we always had headwinds. So we get, if we get growth above 1.5% or so, we have really good pull through.
Dean Scarborough: Yes. I think the thing to focus on is overall weve had expected and we have a full point plus of EBIT margin expansion both in 14 and 15 to be able to hit our targets. And we are expecting that full point for this year. You saw we had a little bit more of that in Q1, any one quarter can have a little bit more or less than that just timing of when marketing expenditures can come in one year versus the other and so forth. So I think that point that weve been talking about the right proxy overall for the year.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay, understood. Im not trying to get month-by-month, quarter-by-quarter margins and target, but you had 100% incremental margin in a quarter where you didnt really have your normal revenue growth rate in RBIS, so it was exceptional. So just trying to see if that we should continue to expect better than average margin expansion there and I appreciate the color there? Can you talk at all about what, there were some capacity closures in Pressure-sensitive Materials in North America, what if any effects thats having on your business in customer base this year if at all, do you have any view on that right now? And similarly, I noticed that one of your peers is expanding capacity in Asia, any initial views on whether it might have a negative effect on you this year, probably not, but in the next couple of years?
Dean Scarborough: George, yes. In North America, anytime a company announces a closure of the factory, its generally an opportunity to go after some business, because customers are forced to re-qualify material. So, certainly we probably had more than the average number of phone calls about security of supply et cetera, et cetera. So, I think that could be a small upside for us in the balance of the year. But I dont think its going to be anything hugely material to us, just given the relative size of that plant versus our business. In Asia, its been 10 years since our competitor put in a big new asset. So, Im not surprised that after 10 years, they have got to add some capacity. theyve taken out capacity in Australia and South Africa. And so, this is really a regional add, its not just a country add in China. And in the meantime, Id just comment, weve added several new coding assets during that period of time. So, given the growth in that market over there, its not really surprise. And I dont anticipate any major disruption in our business in Asia in the last couple of areas. Our customer surveys indicate that and especially in that region which you know is very high growth says that we have still quite an edge in terms of product quality and service over all of our competitors. And we expect to maintain that as we go forward.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. One question more and I will turn it over and come back in queue. Obviously you cant talk about your day-to-day changes in capital allocation policy depending on which way the stock is going. But given that the stock has done fairly well here in the last few months getting to date for a minute. How do you view the attractiveness of buyback incrementally from here relative to dividend, can you update us on your thoughts on dividend policy? Thanks.
Dean Scarborough: So on dividend George, we have a Board meeting tomorrow and thats the meeting where the Board decides on the dividend increase. So we will let everyone know tomorrow in a press release. As far as timing of share buyback et cetera, we dont comment on that specifically. But I think given our track record, how do I look at it, I look at as pull back in the stock as a buying opportunity frankly.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So George, when we go through that assessment, we have a number of things to evaluate as we think about pace of share buyback, the biggest one is just our assessment of intrinsic value, and then we basically look around volatility of the stock over time. And when there is more distance between the stock prices, meaning the stocks trading at more of a discount to intrinsic value, we buy more and we buy less as it gets closer, so thats how we think about it.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay guys, thanks for the call. I will come back.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please proceed.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. Good morning all.
Dean Scarborough: Good morning.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Could you touch a little on your increasing employee expenses, are your hiring these people in order to push the growth youve talked about during the call or is it just your inflation; could you give us a better feel as to what is happening there or what happened in the first quarter and what do you expect for the balance of the year?
Mitch Butier:  Its all wage inflation, 90 plus percent of it, Rosemarie. So we have and as we have talked RBIS has relative to their size more wage inflation than the Pressure-sensitive Materials but thats what it is. Its not any large investments or anything else that we are doing, we are not asking to add back any shifts or anything around for capacity, so we are -- its all wage inflation.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company:  Okay, thanks. And you have [listing] advantage medical, and I know it is small, but you have a target of above 5% operating margin and we are obviously nowhere near that. Could you give us a feel as to where that margin is going to come from? And you only have one and half years to get to it, are you changing your outlook?
Mitch Butier:  Well actually, we changed the segment because we had our DES business was a substantially larger business and certainly had some nice profitable business which we sold last year and we never updated the guidance for that segment. We will update investors in the main meeting but I will say we expect the asset to be profitable next year in 2015.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company:  Okay. And youve talked, if I may ask one other question, you talked about the extra week in the fourth quarter adding 1%, I am assuming it is to revenues; is that 1% to the fourth quarter revenues or could it be because of the timing, a number that could be as large as 1% on full year revenues?
Mitch Butier: So, its 1% for the full year, and it all comes in the fourth quarter, so it will be about 3.5%, 4% impact on Q4 itself. But we do not include that in our organic sales growth guidance and when we talk through it, so we basically exclude the impact of the extra week.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company:  Okay. So that should translate into a positive supplies as we get into that quarter or do you expect some offsetting numbers which is why youre excluding it?
Mitch Butier: No, so we excluded just on the top-line just to show what the true underlying trends are. And from a bottom-line perspective, I think thats what your question is, we do not expect us to have much of an impact at all on the bottom-line. So normally adding a week, youd normally expect a 2% lift for the full year, were only saying one because the week that is being added for the year, its week essentially between Christmas and New Year; its a very soft volume week. And so the variable margin we have on those sales are really just enough to cover the fixed cost.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company:  Okay. That is very helpful. Thank you very much. And just summarizing, you are expecting the full $20 million of savings in 2014 to hit RBIS results and you already have 10 of that in the first quarter and then next year you expect the full 15 million to hit PSM results?
Mitch Butier: Yes, the plan is $15 million next year and its $40 million is the full year number for restructuring in 2014, which we received roughly $10 million in the first quarter.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
Mitch Butier: You are welcome.
Operator:  We have a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi guys. You had mentioned that there were three buckets if you will of more takes if you will this quarter, past quarter than puts that were in, price cost, FX, and weather related cost, correct me if I may -- Im often any of that jargon. You said that youd be able to begin to see $0.02 reversal in the second quarter which mostly around weather and that youd work around capturing the rest of that over the rest of the year. Now I can understand price cost managed by reduced cost to trying to improve pricing but on the FX side what else might you be doing on the internal rates pricing more quickly than the FX affect on EBIT.
Mitch Butier:  So the couple of cents that go away immediately relate to the we said higher cost in North America manufacturing cost, of which a good chunk of that was weather that will go away immediately. And of course, the FX will be another piece that is expected to go where there is quite a bit of volatility near the end of the quarter, more than you normally see. And we have hedging practices in place, we manage that but on the front, you always have a little bit of movement. And we are sure its not something we normally comment on and thats what Deans point was as we always have things, puts and takes and there were just more of them going in one direction. So a portion of that is going away as well. So $0.02 we expect to be gone right away, the other item weve got to work through.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Understood. Just a related question, I didnt take from your comments, did not take from your comments that the competitive landscape has changed or the negative rollup to the amount of price cost compression that you had in the first; from my experience of covering here thats bought a variety of type of compression, you see one if the costs are growing up, there is normally some lag time on pricing. But correct me, if Im wrong, arent you would back seeing more competition than normal, your markets arent a walk in the park, I recognize it. But are you seeing more competition than normal and in fact you are signaling that?
Mitch Butier: No, I wouldnt say, there has been an increase in intensity in the competitive landscape. In fact, market overall market growth, I would say in Pressure-sensitive certainly has been better. Thats been helpful. Weve been taking market share fairly consistently across the board. So, I dont really sense and its always competitive. But I dont see a shift.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Understood. Dean, last question I had for you, you mentioned trying to improve the flow through, the incremental margin if you will in the Pressure-sensitive business. What specifically are you doing to try to affect that? Are you changing incentives to the sales force to try to incentivize sales of higher margin products? What are you deliberately now going to pursue the less margin rich volume, to a lesser degree than in the past? What, how are you trying to implement that? Thank you guys and good luck in the quarter.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks George, and good question. The sales force is incented for part of their incentives in Pressure-sensitive for selling a richer mix. So, certainly a component of that in their pay. We are focused on higher margin categories of product, a lot of our innovation frankly is designed around products that have higher value and therefore a higher flow through. So all of those things are underway. And in fact we did see a shift from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, unfortunately it was offset by things like weather and currency and a little bit of inflation. So the areas where we targeted and focus were showing progress and now given us I would say somewhat shift in the environment, we will just take some additional actions.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Mr. Scarborough, there are no further questions at this time, I will now turn the call back to you. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Dean Scarborough: Thank you, our playbook is straight forward and its working and we are going to continue down this path. Innovation will continue to be a hallmark for our businesses, further strengthening our industry leading position in all of our key markets. With modest top-line growth, ongoing productivity improvements and highly disciplined capital management, we will continue to drive double-digit earnings growth and solid free cash flow, most of which will get back to shareholders. I look forward to speaking with many of you at our meeting in May. Thanks for joining us today. Good bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-31 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Mitchell R. Butier - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Rosemarie J. Morbelli - G. Research, Inc. Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Avery Dennison's earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 8, 2013. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 12:00 p.m. Pacific time today through midnight Pacific time, February 4. To access the replay, please dial 1 (800) 633-8284 or for international callers, please dial (402) 977-9140. The conference ID number is 21676580. I would like to turn the conference over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Today, we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited fourth quarter and full year 2013 results. Please note that unless otherwise indicated, today's discussion will be focused on our continuing operations. The company's Office and Consumer Products and Designed and Engineered Solutions businesses are classified on our income statement as discontinued operations. The company completed the sale of these businesses on July 1, 2013. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP in the appendix of our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Financial Review and Analysis and on schedules A-2 to A-5 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mitch Butier, Senior Vice President and CFO. I will now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Eric, and good day, everyone. I am very pleased to report our sixth consecutive quarter of better than 30% growth in adjusted earnings per share, reflecting the successful execution of restructuring actions and other productivity initiatives, as well as better-than-expected sales growth in both of our core businesses. 2013 represented another year of excellent progress toward our strategic and long-term financial goals. We accomplished a major milestone with the sale of Office and Consumer Products and Designed and Engineered Solutions businesses. The midyear completion of this transaction has streamlined our portfolio and allowed us to focus on our 2 industry-leading core businesses to drive long-term sustainable growth and economic value. Both PSM and RBIS delivered strong financial results while continuing to invest to drive future growth and productivity improvement. Both businesses beat their sales growth targets for the year. As a result, we accelerated total organic sales growth by nearly a full point compared to the pace of the prior year, delivering results near the high end of our long-term target range of 3% to 5%. Within the Pressure-sensitive Materials segment, the Label and Packaging Materials business continued to benefit from the relative strength of emerging markets, as well as solid growth in North America and Europe, driven by innovation and share gain. The smaller divisions in Pressure-sensitive Materials grew faster than the segment average. Performance Tapes delivered exceptional growth in the fourth quarter due in part to the successful execution of the strategic partnership with 1 large customer while the Reflective Solutions business sustained double-digit organic growth throughout the year. Our investments in innovation are paying off, in terms of both new product sales, as well as material cost reduction. About 1/3 of our growth in 2013 came from innovation projects launched since 2011 and that exceeded our target for the year. Retail Branding and Information Solutions delivered excellent growth in the first half of 2013 against relatively easy comparisons and solid growth in the second half against soft comps. Overall, the business beat its sales growth target for the year, driven by share gain and continued momentum in RFID and brand embellishments. I am particularly pleased with the gains we're seeing in RFID. Even with the headwind of the prior year pipeline fill, the team delivered 24% growth during the year. 20 of the top 30 retailers in the U.S. are now testing or already using RFID, and we're seeing several new installations taking place in Europe as well. Finally, Vancive Medical Solutions, our small but high-potential medical products business, achieved a number of key milestones, including the commercialization of new antimicrobial dressings that are more effective in preventing wound infection in hospitals and also more cost effective than existing products. This and other key developments with wearable sensors position the business for double-digit growth and improved returns this year. Overall, 2013 was also a pivotal year in terms of our operating efficiency as the aggressive organizational changes we undertook in 2012 really paid off. With the successful execution of this program, we established a new baseline for our underlying cost structure, further strengthening the competitive positions of both PSM and RBIS. We also delivered free cash flow above the high end of our expectations. As Mitch will explain, some of our overachievement was due to timing, and we'll see that offset here in the first quarter. But even adjusting for that timing effect, we delivered solid free cash flow for the year. As promised, we are using proceeds from the divestitures and ongoing free cash flow to enhance shareholder returns. In the past year, we returned nearly $400 million of cash to investors through dividends and the repurchase of 6.6 million shares. We will continue our disciplined approach to returning excess cash in 2014 and beyond. Of course, the year was not without its challenges. The Graphics business within PSM came in short of our expectations, especially in Europe, where sales declined and we failed to achieve our profit improvement targets due in part to a negative shift in product mix. Negative product mix in the Label and Packaging Materials business likewise worked against us this past year so we didn't see as much of the benefit of the incremental sales growth as we would have expected, particularly in the fourth quarter. In response to those challenges, we are putting more emphasis on improving product mix. In addition, we recently announced our intent to close an old manufacturing plant in the Netherlands while consolidating operations and investing in new production capabilities elsewhere to improve the competitiveness of the European Graphics business. This restructuring plan represents a modest headwind to adjusted earnings in 2014 but will drive savings when completed in 2015 and deliver a strong return on investment. While we're pleased with the progress we've made over the past 2 years, we won't be satisfied until we achieve all of our long-term goals. And our objective for 2014 is to continue to deliver on these commitments. We are investing in innovation and capacity expansion in key growth markets, specifically in Pressure-sensitive Materials. We're adding assets in Asia for our Performance Tapes and specialty coding. In RBIS, we're investing in RFID and heat transfer assets to support growth and productivity improvement in these key segments. We're also continuing to execute our digital investment strategy to better meet the rapid turnaround times that customers require while improving operating efficiency and the quality and consistency of our products. We've increased digital printing capacity by over 60% over the past 2 years. Over 1/3 of graphic tags and labels are now produced with digital printers, and we're targeting to increase that share to over half of total production. I mentioned in last quarter's call that sustainability has become a key theme for many of our investments in innovation. I believe that sustainability can become an important competitive advantage over the long term, and we'll continue to invest in opportunities that benefit both our businesses and the communities in which we operate. Finally, identifying and executing ongoing productivity initiatives will continue to be a top priority for all of our businesses. Besides the major restructuring plan for Europe, PSM will continue its ongoing efforts to reduce material and manufacturing costs through process innovation and material substitution. And RBIS is right on target with its footprint reduction strategy, taking out close to 20% of its square footage since 2011. Our financial guidance for the year assumes 3% to 5% organic sales growth, consistent with our long-term range, which we believe to be prudent, given our limited forward visibility. We expect adjusted earnings per share to grow between 8% and 19% this year, and we expect to deliver solid free cash flow and continue to execute our disciplined capital allocation strategy and returning excess cash to shareholders. Now I'll turn the call over to Mitch.
Mitchell R. Butier: Thanks, Dean. As you can see, we had a strong year with adjusted earnings per share growth of 37%, reflecting the successful implementation of our restructuring program and solid growth in both Pressure-sensitive Materials and Retail Branding and Information Solutions. We achieved organic sales growth of 5%, adjusted earnings per share of $2.68 and free cash flow of $330 million for the year, all in line with our long-term targets and at the higher end of the guidance that we provided at the beginning of the year. In the fourth quarter, we delivered solid results with 6.6% organic sales growth and adjusted earnings per share of $0.69. As Dean mentioned, fourth quarter sales were well above expectations, particularly lower-margin products in Pressure-sensitive Materials. Adjusted operating margin in the quarter grew 110 basis points to 7.4% as the benefit of our productivity initiatives and continued solid top line growth in both segments more than offset the negative impact of product mix in PSM and higher employee-related expenses. As part of our restructuring program initiated in the first half of 2012, we realized $15 million of savings in the fourth quarter and $75 million in the full year. Restructuring costs, net of gains on asset sales, were about $3 million in the fourth quarter and $23 million for the full year. Full year free cash flow from continuing operations was $330 million, above the high end of our range, primarily due to the timing of both receipts and payments at year-end. The timing of receipts and to a lesser extent, payments, is relatively volatile around year-end due to the holidays. Based on past trends, we estimate approximately $30 million of cash flow withholds from the first weeks of 2014 into 2013. As expected, the net proceeds from the sale of OCP and DES came in at about $390 million. As we mentioned in October, we used $50 million of the net proceed to make supplemental pension plan contributions in the fourth quarter. And as a result, we are currently comfortable with our pension funding status. Given our solid free cash flow and the proceeds from the divestitures, we are below our targeted leverage position, giving us ample capacity to continue to return cash to shareholders over the coming years, and we will continue to do so in a disciplined manner. Speaking of which, we've repurchased an additional 1.3 million shares for $60 million in the fourth quarter, bringing the total for 2013 to 6.6 million shares repurchased for $283 million. Turning to the segments. Pressure-sensitive Materials sales were up approximately 8% on an organic basis in the fourth quarter and 5% for the full year. Label and Packaging Materials sales were up mid-single digits on an organic basis in the quarter while the combined sales for Graphics, Reflective and Performance Tapes increased low-double digits. Performance Tapes had a particularly strong quarter with growth of 20% while the Reflective business continued to be in the low-double-digit range. On a regional basis, North America grew low-single digits, western Europe grew upper-single digits and the emerging markets grew low-double digits. PSM's adjusted operating margins improved 100 basis points to 9.6% in the quarter as the benefit of higher volume and productivity initiatives more than offset the changes in product mix. The higher-than-expected sales in the quarter did not translate into as much profit as one might otherwise expect as the unfavorable mix trends we have been talking about over the past few quarters continued. As Dean mentioned, we're putting more focus on improving mix in this segment. Despite the mix challenges, PSM delivered an adjusted operating margin of 10.2% for the year, an expansion of a full point versus 2012. Retail Branding and Information Solutions sales grew about 3% in the quarter and up 5% for the full year. The quarter sales growth was relatively strong given the tougher comps in RFID that we've been speaking about. This strong growth reflects continued solid demand among North American retailers and brands and strong demand for European retailers and brands. RFID in the quarter declined almost 5% yet grew nearly 25% in 2013, contributing almost 1/3 of RBIS' overall growth for the year. RBIS' adjusted operating margin improved 140 basis points to 7.5% as the productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset higher employee-related expenses. For the full year, RBIS' adjusted operating margin was up 120 basis points to 6.3%. Sales in other specialty converting, which is now solely comprised of our medical business, grew 7% in the quarter and had an operating loss similar to that of last year. 2 years ago, we established long-term targets to aggressively improve returns through profitable growth, productivity and further capital discipline, and we are on track to deliver these 2015 goals. PSM has increased its growth rate to 4% on average over the last 2 years and has expanded the adjusted operating margin of the business from approximately 9% to 10%, achieving the high end of our target. RBIS continues to make excellent progress towards its long-term goals. The adjusted operating margin of this business has expanded by over 100 basis points in each of the last 2 years. We know we need to continue to deliver over a full point of margin expansion in both 2014 and '15 in order to achieve our goals, and that's what we intend to do. Now for the total company, organic sales growth has come squarely within our range of 3% to 5%, with growth just over 4% for the past 2 years. Adjusted EPS has increased at a compound growth rate of almost 30%, consistent with our 15% to 20-plus percent target. And as I mentioned earlier, we are below our targeted leverage position, which, combined with our consistently solid free cash flow, enables us to continue to return cash to shareholders. Now these targets are all focused on 2015, and as 2015 is getting close on the horizon, I want to mention that we'll be hosting an investor meeting in May, where we'll extend our long-term targets. We'll be reaching out to you all shortly on that. So looking more closely at 2014. We expect adjusted 2014 earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.90 to $3.20, reflecting growth of 8% to 19%. This guidance is based on a number of assumptions, including the key factors listed on Slide 11, to highlight a few. To start, our 2014 fiscal year contains 53 weeks ending on January 3, 2015. The extra week will be in the fourth quarter and is expected to add about 1% to reported sales with no impact to organic sales growth. The extra week crosses over the New Year's holiday so it's usually a low-volume week with little to no earnings. The extra week is also expected to have a negative impact on free cash flow due to the timing of a number of factors, including an extra payroll payment. Our estimate for organic sales growth in 2014 is between 3% to 5%, consistent with our long-term targets. Now we have recently experienced some modest inflationary pressure for certain raw materials, some of it currency induced. We are working to mitigate these challenges through our global sourcing organization and productivity actions. Should these actions prove insufficient to cover rising costs, we will raise prices. Speaking of which, we recently announced modest price increases in a few select regions and product lines. Incremental savings from the restructuring actions are estimated at approximately $40 million for the year, more than half of which represents carryover savings from actions already taken. Total restructuring costs are -- that are adjusted to GAAP results in 2014 are expected to approximate $45 million pretax, which includes the costs for continued restructuring within RBIS and the intended consolidation of our graphics capacity in Europe that Dean referenced earlier. Free cash flow is expected to be in excess of $300 million, after investing approximately $185 million in capital expenditures. And we are estimating 97 million shares outstanding on average, which includes an estimate of roughly 2.5 million shares of additional dilution in 2014. In summary, 2013 was a pivotal year for us, a year in which we focused the portfolio, made a step-function improvement in our operating margins and returned almost $400 million to our shareholders. Our 2 core businesses are market leaders and are well positioned for profitable growth, which, combined with our continued cost and capital discipline, enables us to expand margins, maintain our financial strength and return cash to shareholders. We are pleased with the progress we've made towards our long-term targets, but we are not content. We are as focused as ever on driving profitable growth and further increasing returns. Now we'll open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just looking at the restructuring expense. If you kind of backed out, in 2014, you talked about $45 million. Mitch, I think you mentioned net $23 million of spend in 2013. And as far as the $45 million, you mentioned RBIS and then some consolidation in the Graphics business. Why the acceleration in the restructuring spend, though, in 2014? Are you identifying more projects? Or any color you can provide around that would be great.
Dean A. Scarborough: Scott, the decision around Graphics is something we hadn't communicated previously. And as we looked at the market there, we realized that we could get another step-function level of improvement by closing an existing factory and putting a new, more modern asset, an encoding line in the facility in Europe and basically, take out the fixed costs of that factory. So this is a new program but one we think will really accelerate our competitiveness in that business.
Mitchell R. Butier: And as far as the comp versus 2013, the 2013 number includes gains on the sales of a number of assets, our headquarters and some other facilities. And if you exclude all those gains, we're actually in the low $40 million worth of spend in 2013 as well.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. I guess if I look back to 2011, 2012, looks like you spent somewhere between $40 million and $50 million a year then as well on restructuring expense. Is that -- should we think of restructuring as being more of a normal item going forward? I mean, or was there a point in time where we think this could maybe drop off?
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. So a couple of things. If you look at the restructuring trends over time, it ramped up in 2012, kind of peaked. In '13, it started to trail off, with the exception of this action in Europe that we've been talking about. RBIS, we've said will continue to be restructuring for the next few years. We are far along but still have more footprint consolidation to do. And as we look at further expanding the margins by over a point every year, we -- I've been pretty consistent, I think, in saying that we should expect that for the next few years. As far as the normal level of restructuring, if you will, I think the $20 million, $25 million level for the next few years is the right number to use.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, I mean, I realize you're going to have an Analyst Day in May, and we'll probably get an updated thought around the operating margin for PSM at that point in time. But just looking at 2014, if we assume you go back to the long-term target, that's actually down operating margin for PSM. Is there a mix issue that -- in 2014 that would cause operating margins to come down slightly from the 2013 level?
Dean A. Scarborough: Our -- Scott, our goal is to continue to improve margins. I mean, one of the objectives of the European restructuring is to improve our operating margins in PSM in Europe. So I think you'll hear -- you'll obviously hear a summary of that in the May meeting. But certainly, as you might guess, it would be really unusual for a corporation to set targets for businesses lower in the next year after you just completed a pretty good year. So it's just not our mentality.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Given that you've had close to 2 years of kind of fairly stable mid-single-digit organic growth and your -- your organic growth guidance for 2014 is maybe in a little bit of a tighter range than what you gave for 2013. Do you feel that your visibility into underlying demand has improved over the last year? Or do you feel maybe a little bit more confident about your end markets or -- I'm just wondering if you could compare your outlook for 2014 in terms of visibility into demand. Has that changed or improved versus maybe this time last year?
Dean A. Scarborough: I think we feel more confident in sort of the overall economic situation, and we feel more confident about the strategies in our businesses around innovation, around taking market share. We feel good about things like RFID taking hold in the apparel retail industry. But I would say our visibility in the short term in terms of predicting quarter by quarter what's going to happen isn't any better now than it was before.
Mitchell R. Butier: If you look at Q4, we were well over our expectations for the fourth quarter just because of visibility.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So the confidence is more in internal things that you can control within the company as opposed to maybe a brighter view on your customers or global macro or anything like that?
Dean A. Scarborough: I think for us the -- especially on the long-term targets, we feel good about, let's say, packaging markets for PSM. They're consistent. We feel like emerging market growth is going to continue. We know the long-term trend for apparel, 2% to 3% growth every year, and it can be somewhat volatile. But we feel really good about the trend in RFID, and we feel good about our competitiveness and our ability to capture market share. So I think it's a combination of both.
Mitchell R. Butier: And if you're comparing to last year the fact that our low-end guidance started with 1%, part of that is the macro, where there was more uncertainty a year ago as to what the macro environment would be. So it's very difficult to do that.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And maybe just following up on RFID. You referenced the 24% growth in '13. Do you have a target or a rough estimate for what you can accomplish in '14? And then you referenced large retailers entering trials, if not already using RFID. Are you finding that the speed of those trials are accelerating or shortening as the technology becomes more commonplace?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. I think every retailer goes at their own pace, although the process is somewhat predictable. They start with some pilots in a few stores, and then they expand it to certain product lines. And then, eventually, we've got a couple of customers literally go wall to wall for all of their items. And we just attended the National Retail Federation show in New York a couple of weeks ago. And we -- there was a panel discussion about RFID, and there were major retailers there, as well as some industry pundits. And it was clear from the conversation that the ability to manage our inventory much more tightly is of enormous value to retailers, especially in an omni channel world because as retailers do more online selling, those retail stores are also acting as warehouses so that they can direct the consumer to come and pick it up or even ship it out from the store and not just from -- not from the warehouse. So it's -- what I see is it's picking up momentum, and the tide has really turned from -- RFID, if you're not onboard for RFID, you're really behind the curve, and that's, for me, a really positive move.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great, that's helpful color. And in terms of the growth rate for '14, is that something that you can...
Dean A. Scarborough: Again, it's tough to predict because retailers sometimes accelerate the delay in both -- the shorter the time period, the harder it is to predict. But I think 20% to 30% compound growth rate over the next few years is a decent forecast.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just sort of staying with RBIS. Obviously, this most recent fourth quarter for apparel retailers in the U.S. was one of the worst in many years. What are your customers saying about the outlook as you kind of progress through 2014, particularly for 2Q, which is one of your strong quarters for that business?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. We haven't seen major shifts. I think, Ghansham, and the challenges are different depending on the segment. I mean, the performance athletic channel did really well. Fast fashion did well. I think mass merchandise and the department store, kind of the fashion-type channels had a little bit more of a challenge. But I would say that we don't anticipate any major changes. I mean, we did see some slowdown in U.S. I think we -- our shipments were -- if you net out RFID, which is the right thing to do because we had some enormous headwinds there, we grew in the low-single digits from U.S. retailers. I don't really expect that to change going into the next season. But of course, the proof is in the pudding. We won't really have visibility on that until March.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then along the same vein, on RBIS for Europe, what's going on there?
Dean A. Scarborough: We grew in the high-single digits. We have a number -- again, we believe we're taking market share there. But on top of that, there has been an acceleration of RFID implementations there with a number of different retailers, and that helped us quite a bit.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe a question for Mitch on -- I'm sorry, go ahead.
Dean A. Scarborough: It was high-single-digit growth from European-based retailers and brands.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got you. And then, Mitch, just kind of looking at the cash on the balance sheet. If you look over the last few years, it's basically above 2x the average level over the last few years. A fair amount of healthy free cash flow being projected for 2014 as well. Can you, first off, reconcile the end of the year share count versus your guidance for 97 million average for the full year? What does that embed in terms of actual repurchase?
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, if you just looked at average, the average of 97 million, it's about 3 million less than what we were the average for '11 -- I mean, for 2013. And it's a 2.5 million share dilution. And so basically comping that out, you're looking at 5 million and change [ph] of shares on average.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And in terms of the -- just one final one. On the raw materials side, you mentioned some inflation. I assume that's along the emerging markets. What's the sort of environment also shaping up here in the U.S., as well as polypropylene has pushed higher and so on and so forth?
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. So we're experiencing pressures here in the U.S. as well, and then we're working to offset all that. But we are -- actually, the U.S. is one of the places where we are implementing some price increases and putting in a surcharge for propylene and freight and so forth.
Operator: Our next question from the line of John McNulty with Crdit Suisse.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: With regard to RFID and the RBIS business, in terms of incremental margins, can you differentiate the 2 so that we can kind of understand how to think about the earnings progression as RFID way outpaces the RBIS business?
Dean A. Scarborough: It's definitely accretive. So I would say, currently, it's at or above the margin range that we're at, and so it's a good trend for us.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess maybe looking at -- or cutting it a different way, I guess, if I think about $1 of incremental revenue in RFID versus $1 in the rest of your RBIS business, I mean, how should we think about what that incremental revenue brings to the bottom line?
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. So if you talk about dollars, dollars per unit are higher than the rest of our business. But if you look at the variable flow-through on percent, it is somewhat lower just because they're higher price point items. But if you look at just a fully absorbed EBIT margins, it is higher than the average of the rest of the business. And that does -- in the early days, we've got quite a bit of business development costs in that as well, but we're funding for future development of getting new retailers up and going. So we haven't quoted specifically flow-through per unit or anything else, and we're not going to comment on that.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then just last question would be on the Pressure-sensitive business. Looking at kind of -- the revenue looked pretty solid, but actually the margins, on a sequential basis, didn't kind of improve the way I would have thought or the leverage didn't seem to kick in -- the operating leverage didn't seem to kick in as much as I would have guessed. What's driving that? Is it a seasonal issue? Is it a mix issue? I guess, how should we be thinking about that?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, generally, Q4 has lower margins than Q3. That's a typical trend for us. A number of factors. Graphics sales tend to be lower. Those are higher-margin products. People aren't wrapping cars or putting up graphics on buildings when it's in cold weather. So those tend to be a slower period. We did -- we would have expected higher flow-through, and we don't really have a complete understanding yet. I suspect that there was just higher growth in lower-margin categories than there were in higher-margin categories. We don't have the market data yet so that's a hypothesis. But we are continuing to take share, and we have lower share in lower-margin categories. The business is profitable, and we like the business. So part of it is just that as we grab some share. And we certainly had more volume than we expected. So we did have some extra expenses that we didn't anticipate in the quarter either. I mean, if you look at our guidance range versus what we actually performed, there was a bit of a surprise. So there was an extra cost in the business that -- because we weren't prepared for it, that I don't expect to repeat.
Mitchell R. Butier: And the other thing I'd add is when I talked about some of the inflation that was currency induced with some of the currency movements that we had, it's a couple million dollars worth, it takes time to raise the prices and push that through as well. So that was an impact in the fourth quarter, too.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it, okay. That's helpful. And actually, if I may, maybe 1 last question. Your 2013 margins in PSM, for the full year, are -- went above your 2015 targets. So I guess the question is, in terms of what drove that or how you got there, I mean, where, in your mind, were the surprises? Was it on the productivity or pricing or were volumes better? Like, when you kind of look back and kind of see your progression, what drove you to already exceed your 2015 target?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, I think good execution in the business. There's a number of factors here. We had better-than-expected sales growth in the year. We had good productivity during the year, and innovation was another key driver for us. I think I mentioned that we had almost 1/3 of our products that were new and improved. Some of that is lower-cost products. Some of that is just new-to-the-world products. And that's -- those are all a whole bunch of factors that were positive. So we will update our guidance ranges for the sectors in our May investor meeting. And I think we've got a good trend. We -- again, we did go above our target range. We're investing in restructuring in our European operations for our Graphics business, which will -- won't help us in 2014. It's actually a bit of a headwind, but it will certainly help us in 2015. And all of that will be reflected in our new targets for the next 3 years in May.
Mitchell R. Butier: And I guess, just to add to that a little bit. When you say what surprised us, it actually didn't surprise us. Our goal -- when we set the targets for 9% to 10% for Pressure-sensitive, we were hovering around 9% when we said that. And we said, "This is the range where this is a good business, and we should focus more on driving profitable growth," but then our internal target was to get to the high end of the range. And so that was our expectation. That is what we've been doing. Whereas, with RBIS, when we set the range, it was just to get inside the range by over a full point of expansion every year. So I wouldn't call this a surprise, John.
Operator: Our next question from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess I wanted to pick up on Pressure-sensitive maybe to start. Can you give us a bit more detail -- you mentioned you're adding a coater somewhere in Europe. You're going to be shutting down your facility, I think you said, in the Netherlands. Will this add capacity or is it purely a cost takeout? And you were mentioning, in response to John's question, I think before as well, that there's a cost headwind associated with this action. So can you quantify that headwind for us?
Dean A. Scarborough: So George, yes. So we're replacing a 40-year-old asset in the facility. So I would say we're replacing it -- yes, there is a little bit of net add to capacity for the Graphics business, but we intend to grow that business. But we're replacing it with a modern asset that's a heck of a lot more efficient and productive than the one we're replacing and therefore -- that's why this investment has such a good payback. So I would say, as an investment in net -- Graphics coaters tend to run slower. They're not like the LPM coaters, et cetera, et cetera. It's a whole different product category.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So we shouldn't expect pricing pressure from the standpoint that you're adding a new coater, again recognizing that you're replacing capacity, older capacity with this newer coater?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. I don't really expect it.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And on the headwind you were saying?
Dean A. Scarborough: It's -- I don't know, it's, I would say, $0.02 or $0.03, something like that.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, okay. Now on RBIS, the -- were you pleased with the operating leverage that you saw in the fourth quarter? From our calculations, although this is neither here nor there, you actually had a little bit more op leverage in incremental margin than we would have anticipated. So if you could provide your thoughts there. And what went well, what didn't go so well from a margin standpoint?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. So we had a nice combination of stronger-than-expected volume growth against some pretty tough comps. We had better contribution margins. And with the footprint reduction that we've been executing, the productivity helped all at the same time. So I would say, again, we're happy but not satisfied. Actually, I think we could have squeezed that -- the team actually thinks they could have squeezed out a little bit more. So they're driven to hit their targets, but we were very pleased with the performance of RBIS in Q4.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I mean, is this an incremental margin that we can continue to see if you continue to put up this kind of volume given what you've already done with the cost structure and given what you plan to do additionally?
Dean A. Scarborough: If you just do the math, right, so we have improved our operating leverage in the business by over 100 basis points the last 2 years. We need to do about the same pace to get to the 2015 targets by 2015. And so our internal objectives are set to do that. I think that one of the pacing items for us is, as you can imagine in a network business, where service is critical, we are -- you have to pace how you move this capacity around, how you take some of these fixed costs out. I think one of the things I'm really delighted about is even with all the footprint reduction actions we've taken in the business, our service, our quality, our safety have all improved at the same time. So that tells me that the team is operating very effectively to, in a way, reduce footprint and increase sales at the same time. It's not an easy thing to accomplish.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. In terms of Pressure-sensitive, back to that, you -- I forget whether it was last year or 2 years ago, you talked about there being good EVA business to get after, particularly in Asia, to recall, even though it was perhaps lower-margin business, and maybe that's been one of the factors that's been driving. As we fast-forward to today, the margin -- or mix not being as buoyant you'd like. And if I heard you correctly, you now have some initiatives to improve mix. Do you feel that perhaps the strategy went too far in driving for the lower margin albeit higher EVA or positive EVA business or -- and that this is a turnaround from that strategy? Or how would you discuss it?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. I wouldn't describe it as a turnaround. We had a 100-basis-point improvement in margins year-over-year in Q4, and we exceeded the top end of our range. So I think this is -- there is variation in any improvement path, okay? And I think this is kind of a really good job of adjusting to the environment being incredibly agile. So -- and again, we don't have that much forward visibility. So I feel good about our ability to manage mix and price and productivity over the long term. And I think there's -- it's rare when you can sort of plot a super-steady course the whole way. So I think the team is doing a great job. We've got more productivity planned, again, with the European restructuring. I think we are intending to continue to take share, to continue to innovate, and we had good performance in Tapes and Reflectives. And that should continue as well. So I feel good about what we did. So again, I think if you catch a little disappointment in our voice, it's like we had a really good quarter and it could have been even better. And I think that shows more ambition in our voice and intent to continue to drive the business forward and the margins up.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Totally understand. Last question and I'll turn it over. Can you quantify -- perhaps you did and I'd missed it, what the impact of these targeted price increases and surcharges are thus far in Pressure-sensitive, which you've announced to your customers?
Mitchell R. Butier: No, we didn't quantify, but it's modest, George. It's a few million dollars in North America, and everywhere else it's -- we go to different levels of price increase depending on what's moving with the currencies. So for example, we did comment in 2013 that, in South America, we've been raising prices throughout the year effectively to offset some of the currency movements. So I'm not going to comment on that because it's really just looking to offset wherever the currency moves.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - G. Research, Inc.: I was wondering -- I mean, if I heard properly, you did say that the game plan was to improve the mix in PSM. So if I understood properly, what do you think needs to be done? Is it a change in tactic, a change in marketing, going -- eliminating lower-margin product lines? Could you help me understand what you mean by that?
Dean A. Scarborough: Rosemarie, I think it's more about tweaking our strategy. And there's nothing I would say major here. It's again driving more innovation, a little bit of cost out here. This is -- our overall strategy is the same, and that's to continue to grow our business through innovation, through -- and a lot of the innovation helps us take market share, continuing to execute well in emerging markets. We had a great quarter in emerging markets. And so I don't think there's anything major here. It's just a matter of keep focusing on driving the business forward.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - G. Research, Inc.: Okay. So it is not a question of eliminating some product lines that have lower margins inherently?
Dean A. Scarborough: No. Our mentality is, "Let's figure out a way to either innovate in those product categories where we might need a little help or to get more productive."
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - G. Research, Inc.: Okay, that is helpful. And one other question is regarding RBIS. Once adopted by a retailer, have you ever seen a case where money is running short and they canceled the program? Or once they adopt it, they mostly either stay where they are or go forward with more of it?
Dean A. Scarborough: I'd say, generally, most retailers continue to expand it. And we had one major retailer who's moved -- or 2 -- a couple of major retailers that have moved to mark everything in the store because once you get 60% to 70%, it just makes sense to convert. We did have a retailer last year who scaled back some of their ambitions. They didn't cancel the program, but I think that was more about their overall market position and strategy than it was related to RFID.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - G. Research, Inc.: Okay. And if I may, and I'm sure others know that, but why is the big range in the EPS guidance between 8% to 19%? Where does the major uncertainty come from, retailers or something else?
Dean A. Scarborough: I think it's a reflection of our inability to really get a good forward look, and it's actually narrower this year than it has been the last couple of years. We just don't have any -- we don't have much forward visibility in our business. We don't have backlogs. We ship out a huge percentage of our orders in just a few days, and it's just kind of a reality for us. And so one thing I will tell you, and that is from an internal objective point of view, we target the high end of the range.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - G. Research, Inc.: Okay. And what do you need to get there? Do you need help -- outside help from the economy, from any particular area?
Mitchell R. Butier: We need a continuation of the current -- the economic environment we saw in '13 and continued execution both top line, as well as the productivity initiatives we've laid out.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Silke Kueck for Jeff. A couple of questions. So it looks like your depreciation and amortization expenses went down by $60 million this year. That's sort of like a diamond benefit to your earnings, I guess. Is that sustainable or do you expect your D&A charges to continue to move lower as you close down facilities?
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. We -- you'd expect it to continue to -- I mean, if you look at the longer-term trend, it has been going down. Our CapEx for a number of years has been below our level of depreciation expense. A big part of that was just, when we moved OCP to disc ops, we had some depreciation expense in Q1 of last year and then all of DES as well. So it's a bigger reduction than you normally would see. And as we -- and as CapEx and depreciation start to converge, which they are getting close to doing, so you'd expect it to start to plateau a little bit.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And...
Mitchell R. Butier: So one thing to point out, sorry, is also -- in talking about investments in the business, we have said the amortization on the acquisition intangibles in RBIS start to drop off in '16 and '17.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And what's the magnitude of that?
Mitchell R. Butier: It's about $20 million.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A year?
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. So the $20 million is total amortization expense. About half of that drops off in '16 and '17.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Secondly, the raw material prices you are seeing on the propylene side, do you think those are more seasonal in nature? Like, it seems that propylene prices move up every year sort of at the end of the year and early into the year, and then they come down in the spring.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. The spike, I think, happened a couple of months earlier than we had seen in the past, and I know you're very close to this, but it seemed to come a little bit earlier. So we're putting it through as a surcharge, and if it comes back down, then the surcharge will come up. That's one of the reasons we're using the mechanism of the surcharge.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So like, the surcharge is always, like, temporary? It's only like a quarter or so rather than being annualized?
Mitchell R. Butier: They're tied to -- if we do a surcharge, they're tied to something specific, whether it be freight costs or whether it be propylene and so forth, and one of the surcharges is tied to propylene.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And last, I was wondering what the size of the RFID business is now. I guess it contributed like another $8 million or so to sales this year, which is very nice. And I was wondering, like, what the size of the -- the absolute size of the business is by now.
Dean A. Scarborough: It's around $100 million, a little over.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Chris Kapsch with Topeka Capital Markets.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Follow-up questions on the Pressure-sensitive division in particular. When you reported third quarter, there were some hints of softness late in the quarter, I think in September and then early into the fourth quarter, first couple of, few weeks into October. So given the strength of the Pressure-sensitive segment in -- overall, in the fourth quarter, which is this, I guess, 7%, 8% organic growth, I'm just curious what the sequential trends look like throughout the quarter. And if you could provide that sort of by region. Like, where did you see the more pronounced strengthening during the course of the quarter? And what's that sequential trend look like thus far into the first quarter?
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. So I think when we spoke last time, we said it's a temp -- the trend was going down, particularly in September and October, as was consistent with the guidance we provided, which we wouldn't imply it was starting to come back. And it did come back, and November had the best month of year-over-year comps. It was pretty strong in most of the regions actually. And Europe came back stronger than -- as I've quoted, they were in high-single digits overall for the quarter. So Europe was particularly strong throughout the quarter but really ramped up. And November and December trailed off a little bit from a year-over-year standpoint, but strong, I'd say, pretty consistently throughout the quarter.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And can you talk about thus far into -- trends into January?
Dean A. Scarborough: January is our lowest sales month. And so it's not really indicative, and we actually look to February to see -- get a decent read. So we're not going to comment on where it's coming out. I'd say, overall, it's consistent with our guidance expectations for the year, but it's not a good barometer.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then if I'm just looking, I guess, on Page 10 of your -- the review presentation, just a couple of questions on that. So your outlook for 2014 free cash flow, calling it, $300 million-plus. I'm just curious, like, given the extra pension payments that you made in 2013 and considering higher discount rates, I'm just wondering how much, if any, pension contributions does that free cash flow guidance contemplate in '14?
Mitchell R. Butier: So the free cash flow in 2013 excludes the supplemental pension plan contribution. Is that your question, Chris?
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I'm just wondering if the '14 guidance contemplates any incremental pension payment?
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, the guidance has a -- the guidance, really, is just a floor. So we're saying it can be more than that. So it's going to be at least $25 million of pension contributions in 2014. That's what we're required to do. But we haven't locked down exactly what we're going to contribute. The factor there is the floor. I think the bigger factor for as you look at 2014 for free cash flow, bigger than pensions, is just the $30 million I commented on that seemed to move out of the first weeks of '14 into '13, as well as the impact of the 53rd week.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then, in this net debt to adjusted EBITDA metric, you don't incorporate underfunded pension obligation in net debt here, right?
Mitchell R. Butier: No, we do not. This we use as a proxy just to -- for how we really look at it, which is full leverage, which is including the pension obligation. So this is kind of a shorthand for how we look at it, where -- if you look at total leverage. And our pension obligations -- our underfunded pension obligation is below -- across all the geographies is less than $300 million now, where it was north of $400 million last year.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right, right. Okay. So then considering this target of 1.7 to 2 on that shorthand version of your leverage metric and although you say, on average, it was 1.5 in '13, it looks -- it just looks like you're around 1.0, roughly 1x at the year-end 2013. So considering where the EBITDA is likely to be, considering the free cash flow, it looks like you have substantial capacity for incremental buybacks. And then I don't know if this target is sort of a year-end 2015, but if it's a year-end target for 2015, you get the benefit from another year of free cash flow in 2015, which would suggest potential of over $1 billion in capacity for buybacks. I'm just wondering when would you, I guess in conjunction with the Board, decide to take action on pursuing just a more appropriate leverage ratio using buybacks to get there.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. So a couple of comments. This isn't a year-end target. It's actually averaged throughout the year, and Q4 is always the lowest point on the leverage. I think you're right to call it, the 1.5 is a little bit higher than if you normalized our average for 2013 because, the first 2 quarters, we didn't have the proceeds in. So it could be somewhere between the 1 and the 1.5 overall, if you would adjust for that, which would imply, as I mentioned, some good amount of balance sheet capacity. And we do have additional free cash flow in 2014 after the dividend of a couple hundred million. So we recognize that, and I think the key thing here is we've said that we're going to continue to be disciplined as we deploy cash to shareholders and -- through increasing dividends, as well as through share buybacks. And if you look at last year, we did deploy almost $400 million, which was more than our free cash flow from the business, and we will continue to follow the same approach we have been.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then just one final one. Just on, I guess, the investor day that you're planning for May, did you say you're going to update these 2015 targets or more likely extend the targets beyond where you put the current metrics are for 2015? In other words...
Dean A. Scarborough: We'll extend the targets probably another 3 years because if we update the 2015 targets, we'll essentially be giving guidance for 2015. And we're not going to do that in May of 2014. So these will be longer-term objectives for the company.
Operator: And with that, we'll proceed with our last question from the line of George Staphos.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two last questions. I'll ask them in sequence, piggybacking on Chris' last line of questioning. Over time, could you remind us, where do you think the dividend -- how should it proceed? What kind of pace should it grow at relative to your earnings or if you look at it more from a cash flow standpoint? And then in capital allocation overall, I noticed that capital spend in your guidance doesn't really move all that much versus 2013 despite the fact that you are adding a coater. How are you -- what are the offsets there relative to the investments that you're making in the coater? And do you expect EVA per share this year to actually move up more or less in line with your earnings guidance?
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, George. So on the first question about capital allocation, dividend versus share buyback, this is something the Board obviously spends quite a bit of time on. And we're going to make our dividend decision every year at the end of the first quarter, so in coincidence with our annual meeting. That's how the Board wants to deal with that. And I think both are important, and it's something we look at. On the second question, actually, we're installing more than 1 coater next year. We typically, especially in emerging markets, are adding a coater or sometimes 2 per year. So that's -- it's not a huge increase -- obviously, we're increasing capacity mainly in emerging markets because we need it for the volume growth. And the one in Europe is really more about -- it's really more about upgrading our capability and efficiency and driving more productivity. So I think on the sort of overall offsets, we -- our spending on IT has been up the last couple of years. We've been putting in a new financial system. We've had -- we're in the midst of building a new headquarters building for our materials business in Europe. So that's a little bit of, I'd say, a onetime thing. We don't do that every year. So there's some puts and takes. I will say that if RFID accelerates next year or we see substantial volume increases, we may have to spend a little more in capital spending, and it would be a delight to do so. It's a high-class problem path. Mitch, did you have any comments?
Mitchell R. Butier: No. I think, overall, it's just that, every year, we're making investments in different places, and there's not, I'd say, one general theme to the pull, to what's funding these increases. The overall investments, if you look at it relative to '13 to '14, there's increases in Asia. There's increases for the graphics coaters in Europe and modest increased investment in Tapes and the RFID business, so they're both growing.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So if that's normally the case, then EVA per share should grow at least in tandem with earnings overall would be the conclusion?
Mitchell R. Butier: Our goal is to continue to expand returns, yes, exactly.
Operator: Mr. Scarborough, back to you, sir, for your closing remarks.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Fran. I'm very pleased with the excellent progress we've made over the past 2 years against our long-term strategic and financial goals. Innovation will continue to be a hallmark for our businesses, further strengthening our industry-leading positions in all of our key markets. Our value-creation formula remains straightforward. Modest top line growth, ongoing productivity improvements and highly disciplined capital management will continue to drive double-digit earnings growth and solid free cash flow, most of which we'll give back to shareholders. I would like to thank the Avery Dennison team members for delivering another solid year. I look forward to working with you to achieve our targets for 2014. Thanks for joining us today, and I look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you, all, for your participation. Have a great weekend, everyone.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-25 12:30:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Mitchell R. Butier - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the third quarter ended September 28, 2013. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 1 p.m. Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, October 28. To access the replay, please dial 1 (800) 633-8284 or (402) 977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21610814. I would now like to turn the call over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Today, we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited third quarter 2013 results. Please note that unless otherwise indicated, today's discussion will be focused on continuing operations. The company's Office and Consumer Products and Designed and Engineered Solutions businesses are classified on our income statement as discontinued operations. The company completed the sale of these businesses on July 1 at the beginning of the third quarter. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP in schedules A-2 to A-5 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mitch Butier, Senior Vice President and CFO. I'll now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Eric, and good day, everyone. I'm very pleased to report our fifth consecutive quarter of better than 30% growth in adjusted earnings per share, reflecting the successful execution of restructuring actions and other productivity initiatives, as well as solid sales growth in both of our core businesses. Emerging markets continued to be a key growth driver for Pressure-sensitive Materials in the third quarter. We also saw solid growth in our European business. Given the tough conditions in this market, I have been happy to see continued growth here. Overall, sales growth slowed in September, particularly in North America, with a number of our domestic customers citing some softening of end market demand. We have seen better results in the first few weeks of October, but with heightened uncertainty among consumers, we remain somewhat cautious about the trend. RBIS also delivered solid growth in the quarter even with some tough headwinds from last year's strong showing. With another solid quarter behind us, we raised our adjusted earnings guidance for the year with an eye on the uncertainty and demand trends in North America. We remain committed to our disciplined capital allocation strategy. In the first 9 months, we returned over $300 million to shareholders, including the repurchase of approximately 5.2 million shares. Given our strong balance sheet, I'm happy to say that the vast majority of the proceeds from our divestitures remains available for distribution to shareholders with just a couple of carve-outs. In September, we used $10 million of the proceeds for a special contribution to the Avery Dennison Foundation, which invests in education and sustainability projects in the communities in which we operate. And earlier this month, we used $50 million to reduce our pension liability. Now I'll provide a few highlights for each of our core businesses. Pressure-sensitive Materials generated solid top line growth, with better-than-average growth in emerging markets. We're seeing excitement in the market with our slate of new products introduced at Labelexpo, the labeling industry's annual trade show, which took place in Brussels last month. As the industry leader, one of our key distinguishing features is the consistent stream of enhancements we bring to the market in terms of the appearance, functionality and cost of our products. Our innovation efforts addressed all 3 of these key differentiators, and all were on display at this year's show. I'll share just a few examples from the 17 innovations we presented at the show. We introduced improved films for durable labeling applications, including a self-over-laminating roll system that creates protected graphics at roughly 30% lower cost, both in terms of raw material savings, as well as operational savings for converters. With this new system, what used to take 2 rolls of material can now be produced with one. We also introduced thinner, clearer and cleaner films for traditional label applications. For example, one product we featured at the show demonstrated reduced adhesive ooze, which enables faster and more consistent processing times at our direct customer and at the end user, reducing operating cost for both. The engineering of thinner materials continues to drive profitable growth at lower price points while also benefiting the environment. It's a triple win: good for us, good for our customers and good for the planet. Speaking of which, sustainability is another key theme for many of our innovations. Our new clean slate material was designed to increase the percentage of recycling output for reuse in new PET bottles. As a result of this innovation, the Pressure-sensitive label can be separated cleanly from the PET flake during the standard recycling process, significantly improving the recycling yield. This technology makes Pressure-sensitive labeling more competitive for recycled containers and could open significant new markets for us. With 2 billion PET bottles going into landfill every year, this is an important step forward for the packaging industry. While emerging markets and innovation drive our top line growth engine, operating margin expansion remains another key to value creation for Pressure-sensitive Materials. We once again topped the high end of our margin target range for this segment this quarter, driven by continued intense focus on productivity. Retail Branding and Information Solutions continues to make tremendous progress with its fifth consecutive quarter of solid sales growth and margin expansion. Over the past 2 years, RBIS has delivered over 200 basis points of margin improvement, and we are on track to deliver on our margin targets for 2015. We are in the middle stages of a multi-year transformation of this business, and I am pleased with the milestones we have achieved. We've had a good record of share gain over the past few years, with solid progress in our key segments, continued momentum in RFID and brand embellishments, as well as strong growth in our still small but important new markets of Japan, South America and Russia. I'm very pleased with the gains we're seeing in RFID. We've commented before on the slower growth of these products and services in 2013 related to a large pipeline sale by 1 customer last year that did not repeat. But even with the headwinds from this event, the team still delivered 6% growth in the third quarter, and is projected to deliver 20% growth for the full year as we've captured new business in Europe. We're targeting continued strong growth for this $100 million part of the business over the next few years. The value proposition here is all about inventory management. Retailers are seeing good ROIs from their RFID implementations, and we remain the leading provider in the apparel space by combining the best-performing products with an in-depth understanding of the use case, that is, understanding exactly how our customers can maximize the return on investment in equipment and consumable products. We're currently working on new rollouts for significant expansions of existing programs with 7 major retailers across multiple market segments. We're right on target for the changes to our new lower-cost operating model. Since 2011, we've reduced our factory footprint by almost 15% without sacrificing capacity or service. In fact, service continues to improve, contributing to our market share gain. We're implementing a hub-and-spoke operating model. In other words, we'll continue to operate a few large sites with a broad range of production capabilities, while fast response units deliver a more targeted range of products, utilizing a much smaller manufacturing footprint at substantially lower operating cost. At the same time, we're increasing our digital printing capacity. We've increased this capacity by 60% over the past 2 years, and by the end of this year, over 1/3 of our graphic tags and labels will be produced with digital printers. We're targeting to increase that share to over half of our total production. This fundamental shift in operating strategy allows us to produce smaller quantities with greater frequency and reduced lead time, which is more in sync with customer needs. At the same time, we improve quality, consistency and repeatability of production runs while more effectively incorporating variable data and other unique features into our products. With strong leadership positions in our core businesses, our ability to maintain already higher returns in Pressure-sensitive Materials and significantly expand profitability in RBIS, I am confident we will deliver on our financial targets for the year and over the longer term. Now I'll turn it over to Mitch.
Mitchell R. Butier: Thanks, Dean. We delivered another solid quarter with 3.6% organic sales growth and adjusted earnings per share of $0.69, which was at the higher end of our expectations. The 35% increase in earnings was driven by productivity, principally restructuring, as well as continued solid top line growth in RBIS and the emerging markets for Pressure-sensitive Materials. The quarter also benefited by about $0.02 from a lower tax rate. Adjusted operating margin in the quarter grew 120 basis points to 7.7% as the benefit of our productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset the impact of product mix in Pressure-sensitive Materials and higher employee-related expenses in Retail Branding and Information Solutions. As mentioned, the productivity improvements were primarily the result of the successful implementation of the restructuring program we initiated last year. We continue to execute our plan to reduce fixed cost and realize a further $5 million in the quarter, bringing the total annualized savings for this restructuring program to $110 million. Year-to-date, free cash flow from continuing operations was $105 million, comparable to prior year. As of the end of the quarter, net proceeds from the sale of OCP and DES were $402 million, including the year-to-date negative cash flow from the underlying businesses we divested, as well as the transaction costs and tax payments related to the deal paid thus far. We anticipate an additional $10 million to $15 million of deal-related cash outflow in the fourth quarter, related primarily to tax payments and transaction costs. So the final net proceeds are expected to come in around $390 million. As Dean mentioned, we're using most of these proceeds to repurchase shares and reduce indebtedness, which includes underfunded pension plans. To that end, subsequent to the end of the quarter, we used $50 million of the net proceeds to make supplemental pension plan contributions. In light of these contributions and the effect of rising discount rates, we are currently comfortable with our pension funding status. Given that the proceeds were received in the third quarter, we currently have no outstanding commercial paper and have higher-than-normal cash levels. While our stated long-term leverage target is net debt-to-EBITDA of less than 2x, we ended the third quarter at 1.2x. This is mostly due to the timing difference between when we received the divestiture proceeds and when we can optimally deploy them. We believe the right long-term net debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio for us is between 1.7 to 2x, which, combined with our consistently strong free cash flow, gives us ample capacity to return cash to shareholders over the coming years. Speaking of which, we repurchased an additional 1.7 million shares for $75 million in the third quarter. Turning to the segments. Pressure-sensitive Materials sales were up 3.5% on an organic basis in the third quarter. Label and Packaging Materials sales were up low single digits on an organic basis, while the combined sales for Graphics, Reflective and Performance Tapes increased mid single-digits. On a regional basis, sales for the segment were relatively flat in North America, were up mid-single digits in Western Europe and grew upper single-digits in emerging markets. Looking at the trends within the quarter, sales in July and August were strong, but the business slowed in September, most prominently in North America. PSM's adjusted operating margin improved 120 basis points to 10.5%, due primarily to the benefit of productivity initiatives. Retail Branding and Information Solutions sales grew 3.7%, reflecting strong demand among European retailers and brands. Sales to North American retailers were down modestly in the third quarter due to tougher comps in RFID. Excluding RFID, sales growth slowed in North America, driven by moderating demand among a number of retailers. Now despite the tougher comps in North America, RFID revenue grew 6% globally, as Dean mentioned, contributing roughly 0.5 point to RBIS' overall sales growth. RBIS' adjusted operating margin improved 100 basis points to 5.9%, as the benefit of productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset higher employee-related expenses. Sales in our other specialty converting businesses grew 4.8%, reflecting modest growth in our medical business, the only component of other specialty converting beginning this year. The operating loss in this business was much smaller than last year and last quarter, as one of our partners contributed to the cost of developing a new product in the pipeline. Moving on to the outlook. We now expect adjusted 2013 earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.60 to $2.70 and free cash flow from continuing operations of $275 million to $315 million. Our guidance is based on a number of assumptions, including the key factors listed on Slide 8, to highlight a few. Our estimate for organic sales growth in 2013 is now 3.5% to 4%. Obviously, the macro environment remains uncertain, and as you know, the nature of our business gives us limited forward visibility. Our sales outlook for the remainder of the year reflects, at the low end, a continuation of the weak trends that we experienced in September. Full year savings from restructuring actions is now estimated at approximately $75 million, and restructuring costs and other items that are adjustments to GAAP results are now expected to be approximately $30 million pretax. Compared to our July outlook, the increase in adjustment items relates primarily to the $10 million contribution to the Avery Dennison Foundation from the divestiture proceeds, as well as higher costs associated with new restructuring actions. As mentioned, we utilized a portion of our net proceeds from the divestitures to also contribute an additional $50 million to our pension plans, bringing total pension contributions to approximately $110 million for the year. In summary, we are on track to deliver our 2015 targets. We've had a solid 9 months in a year in which we expect to deliver adjusted EPS growth of between 33% and 38%. Our 2 core businesses are market leaders and are well-positioned for profitable growth, which, combined with our continued cost and capital discipline, enables us to expand margin, maintain our financial strength and return cash to shareholders. Now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question, from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was just looking at the organic guidance that you provided for sales growth, and if I look at it, it looks as if the organic guidance that you're guiding to for the fourth quarter is only moderately below where it was in the third quarter. First of all, is that a good way to read that? And secondly, do you expect better growth out of PSM or from RBIS right now in the fourth quarter?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, Scott. The RBIS is a stronger quarter for them, and we do -- we -- anyway. But I think they do have some headwinds last year on the pipeline still, which that -- we don't have that much forward visibility. But I'd say, fundamentally, we don't -- we're pretty much predicting the trend that we've seen in the first few weeks of October is very consistent with our guidance. So I think you're reading that correctly.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. And just the range because the guidance range we're giving on sales is the 0.5 point difference for the full year. And so if you take the low end of that, it actually would be -- if you can do the math from where we are in the first 3 quarters, it's 1.5% roughly assumption for the fourth quarter, whereas at the high end, it's closer to 4%. So pretty big range for the fourth quarter, given our lack of forward visibility.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. Okay. But when I look at RBIS, right, correct me if I'm wrong, but 4Q is generally the second strongest quarter for you. Can you talk about -- is the first half of the quarter more important for RBIS or is it the stronger part of that quarter? How do the trends normally play out in 4Q for -- specifically for RBIS?
Dean A. Scarborough: The season tends to start in September and kind of run through the end of the year. And December often is more impacted by the timing of Chinese New Year than anything else because what happens is, a lot of the apparel factories, of course, close for a week in either January or February, depending on when Chinese New Year is. So it has a lot more to do with that. So it's -- we're expecting -- I'm expecting a decent quarter for RBIS. Again, really tough headwinds with the overall growth rate. But the core business, I think, should be fine.
Mitchell R. Butier: We're talking relative to various quarters. So one thing to remember within RBIS, we do have tough comps in Q4 from the large RFID pipeline fill that we had that impacted Q3, as well as Q4 last year.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. And then just lastly, if I look at Pressure-sensitive margins running at about a little over -- almost 10.5% year-to-date, obviously, the fourth quarter normally comes down a little bit. But if I look at that 10.5%, it's well above the 8.5% to 9.5% long-term guidance. Is there something in there that would suggest that margins come down over the next 2 years? And if so, what would those items be that would pull the margins back down to that long-term range?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, Scott. Actually, the target range that we put out was 9% to 10%, so we are above that. And that's something we're going to be looking at as part of our guidance range for -- when we come out with 2014 guidance in January.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First on pension for 2014. Mitch, can you just provide some parameters on how to think about the cash sort of contribution, if any, just given what you said about being comfortable with where the pension plan is, both the $60 million you put in this and $50 million, I guess, from the Office Products sale?
Mitchell R. Butier: Sure. So just broader context. At the end of last year, the pension was underfunded status across all pensions globally with $400 million, and we did do a revaluation. And part of that was temporary, everybody expected, because discount rates were at an all-time low at the end of 2012. So we had about a $90 million adjustment from that, and with our additional pension contribution, the total underfunded status is now south of $300 million. So your question about implications to cash flow specifically for next year, we'll make -- we still have required contributions for the coming few years. The extra contribution we made is -- can be applied to next year's requirement. So we have some flexibility there, but that's a decision that we will make next year. And we'll provide more insight on that, Ghansham, when we give guidance in January.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of your share buyback program, just based on that residual amount post the proceeds from OCP and the pension contribution and, I guess, the parity [ph] as well. If you combine that with your net free cash flow and using our numbers, which are roughly basically where '13 is projected, you have the capacity to buy back almost 12% of your market cap. So can you just provide us some parameters in terms of your discipline associated with how you would decide to purchase stock and the timing associated with that?
Mitchell R. Butier: Sure. So as far as how we go through this is we basically try to triangulate around intrinsic value. Intrinsic value is a key part for us as far as determining when to buy stock. And then as far as how much, there's 2 things. Depending on where the stock is trading, given recent trends, we'll buy more or less in any given week. Overall, another key thing, though, is amount of volumes that you have. So Q3, for example, a very low-volume quarter for us, much lower than it had been for a while. And so we don't want the -- to -- just from supply/demand dynamics within any given week to really move things around one way or the other.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then just finally, Dean, in terms of Europe, is this a debt cap bounce after a year? Is there sort of subpar growth or is there something more just broader going on in there in terms of the recovery?
Dean A. Scarborough: Ouch. I think the team is executing really well, actually. We've been -- most of this growth was in Western Europe. So I think the team has been focused on innovation and focused on taking some market share. We have not seen the market data yet from Europe, but generally, when I was over there talking to customers, they seemed more optimistic than they had in previous years. So I have continued good hopes. Clearly, 4% more than exceeded our expectations. The 4% growth that we saw there exceeded our expectations. But we're really pleased with it, and I like the team's execution. And I think there is more to come.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And just to clarify, I meant the economy, not Avery, specifically.
Dean A. Scarborough: Okay. Well, good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to chat a little bit about the trends you saw in September and the recovery in October. Was that both in RBIS and Pressure-sensitive or was it more weighted to one of the other -- one or the other segment? And can you talk a little bit about which end markets might have suffered the biggest slowdown in September? And have those been the ones that have recovered or has recovery occurred elsewhere to compensate?
Dean A. Scarborough: Okay. Complicated question. So let me start with RBIS. I would -- RBIS, there's enormous growth rate in September last year as part of that pipeline fill for a customer for RFID. Even with that, they showed a little bit of growth in September, which, for me, was a good sign. We did see some slowdown in the rate of orders for certain segments in the U.S.-based retailers, especially, I would characterize the department store segment and the mass merchandising segment as being softer than we expected. But we still had good performance in the fast fashion, as well as the performance athletic segments of the market. So for me, that was still a relatively good news. We performed very well in Europe, actually, across most segments, and a number of RFID programs kicked in a little stronger than we had thought. So that was a good sign. But really, RBIS was -- in the quarter, was very strong in Europe, moderately strong, I would say, in North America. Pressure-sensitive had a really strong quarter last year, so their comps were tough. But we definitely saw some softness in some of the end use markets, particularly the ones -- those markets that would use film products, whether it be in beverages or in health and beauty categories. And it's consistent with what I, at least, read so far in some of the earnings for some of the consumer packaged goods companies talking about consumer takeaway during the quarter. And so -- and we're starting to see some of that -- saw that business come back a little bit. And we've seen this trend before. Sometimes it just gets a little bit choppy, occasionally. And I would say, I'm not -- we're certainly not -- I don't have a deep level of concern, I would put it, but we're being probably a little bit cautious just watching the U.S. consumer and where they're spending their money. I think the fire drill in Washington over the last couple of months probably didn't help consumer confidence a whole lot. So we'll see how things progress.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's interesting, Dean, because it sounds like on the RBIS side, it was more of the mass or maybe more basic earner who seemed to be weakening in terms of their purchase of products that would demand RBIS. On the other hand, with some of the film products being impacted in PSM, those tend to go more towards higher end. So it seems like it's a little bit of a dichotomy. Would you agree or disagree with that?
Dean A. Scarborough: Not really. I mean, there are people who buy shampoo at Walmart, as well as -- or convenience drugstores, et cetera, et cetera. So I actually think it's consistent. Those products are sold in grocery stores, mass market. And what we've heard -- anyway, what we've seen is lower foot traffic, especially, I guess, at what you would call sort of the lower end of the income pyramid. So that was consistent to me. It does not look inconsistent.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I appreciate that. One more question and I'll turn it over. Can you give a bit more color in terms of how the rollout of digital printing is helping the cost structure for the business in RBIS? And to the extent that you can comment, how much further ahead do you believe you are versus your peers in having that capability in your overall manufacturing network?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. We're not all the way there yet. We'll want to get to about 50% of our volume done digitally. So we're still installing presses and all that. But it's not just about the kit, to be honest, it's about how you manage the entire workflow from taking the order at the customer and basically not touching it until it gets to the press. And so there's a lot of software and data handling that happens. It's a lot more automated than what I would characterize as either flexo or offset printing. And so I think we're probably halfway to where we want to be now. And it's a good trend because customers, again, want shorter lead times, smaller orders. And it's just enabled us to do this more efficiently, not just on the press floor, throughout the entire order taking and handling process.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup Global Markets.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You referenced changes in product mix in PSM in the quarter, and I'm wondering if you can give some color on that mix change that might have been -- might have pressured margins a little bit. And then as a follow-up to George's question on the consumer, you had pretty strong emerging market results there, and some other companies have referenced maybe a weaker consumer, certainly, in Latin America and maybe a little bit in Asia. Are you seeing any indications of that?
Dean A. Scarborough: As part of the second part of your question, I'd say, no, I don't think we've seen a material change in emerging market growth. We had strong results in South America. We had strong results in Asia as well. And so we haven't really seen an impact to that. I think fundamentally, in those markets, pressure-sensitive adhesive technology is taking share versus other forms of package decorations. So that trend is still happening, and as well as I believe we're likely taking some market share, relates back to your first question. We have focused on getting more competitive so that we can participate in some lower margin product categories, still very good business for us, and we're operating above our target margin operating range. So I feel like this has been a good strategy for us, and we're going to continue to do that. Part of our innovation program, by the way, is also to continue to take weight out of our products so we can offer materials that are thinner, that means we can be more competitive in some of those segments. So I think, again, it's a smart strategy for us, and it's driving good results.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe switching to RFID. I think you referenced 6% growth in the quarter and maybe 20% growth for the full year. If you were to strip out the impact of that -- the single customer that you didn't get that business this year, do you have a sense of what that full year growth would have been?
Dean A. Scarborough: 80%.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: When you look at your results versus plans, you did touch upon the fact that Europe was better than you anticipated. Are there any other surprises that you had during the quarter, whether on a positive or a negative way?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, I think we mentioned we were -- we have some concern about the North American results in Pressure-sensitive that was softer than we anticipated, and Europe was stronger. And RBIS, frankly, because of the tough comps, we weren't expecting as strong a result, but the team delivered extremely well in that environment. We didn't anticipate getting any growth in RFID, and we got 6%, so very pleased about that.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then looking at Europe, several companies have mentioned Europe earlier today and the last few days of conference calls. And the impression is not necessarily homogeneous. Some comments are that they are seeing some improvements, others will say that, yes, they are seeing improvements for the balance of 2013. But when you talk to customers about 2014, then it is a whole different story, and it is not clear as to what the anticipation is vis--vis those customers. Could you give us a feel for what you are hearing?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, the one benchmark that I do have is the label show where we participate, and there are a lot of label press manufacturers at the show. And they seem to be doing very well in terms of sales. So it appears to me that a lot of the European customers were buying new equipment for the future. So from that perspective, I took away that they were at least confident enough to put more capital in their businesses to work for the future. So I thought that was a good sign.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question, from the line of Christopher Kapsch with Topeka Capital Markets.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I had a follow-up on the comments about some of the weakness in domestic Pressure-sensitive business in September. If you -- just curious, if you look at the supply chain into that end market and just simplistically thinking about you guys selling roll stock into converters, who sell to the CPG companies, who ultimately sell to the retailers, I was wondering, like, what's the lead time in terms of if a retailer is seeing weak foot traffic or if they see the consumer sort of in a de-stock mode? How long does it take for that to back its way up the supply chain to you and your orders into the -- you're shipping into the converters?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, Chris, that's a great question. I wish I had a precise answer. I'm going to guess a few months. It's really hard to estimate because, remember, we're selling, just in North America, probably to 2,500 label converters who are selling to probably 100,000 end users. And it really depends on the particular supply chain. Some companies react faster than others to those types of trends.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just shifting more to RBIS and RFID, in particular. Just curious, when you lapped the comparison for the big adopter, when did they really curtail their sort of adoption or deployment? So in other words, when would you see the true underlying growth rate for your business come through a little bit more? I guess, is it second quarter or -- of next year?
Mitchell R. Butier: It begins in Q1 is when we start to see that. The toughest comps were September to early Q1 of last year.
Dean A. Scarborough: But I think the underlying growth rate, I'm going to say, it's really tough because the market is still small. When you get a big retailer decide to move quickly, it can influence the year-over-year cycle. But we've had several years in a row now of double-digit growth, and I'm going to say 20%, 30% is a good average to take over the next few years. And I could -- that could be on the low end, frankly. We just don't know. But I do feel like this -- it's not an if RFID is going to happen, it's how fast and what's the rate of adoption going to be. So I have a high level of confidence that this is going to be a great business for the future.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got you. Well, I have just a couple of follow-ups on that sort of adoption curve. If you're looking at -- you mentioned, I think, 7 major retailers that are looking at adoptions, and presumably, this is all focused on item level RFID, not sort of the bar code labels that also have an embedded inlay in them. And if you look at those and understanding that they're making that decision based on an ROI analysis, I'm wondering about the breadth of their deployment. Is it tending to be, if you have visibility into this, towards larger ticket items, like something -- like an apparel item that costs $20, $30, $50, $100? Or is it -- when Walmart had been adopting, they went down to very low-priced SKUs, but supposedly, they've throttled back on that. So I'm just wondering if the ROI case is based on these retailers that are adopting and supporting a breadth of adoption across items that even SKUs that are low-priced?
Dean A. Scarborough: So it's -- I would say there are about 3 factors that are important: one is the price. That's actually not the most important; the other one has to do with complexity of the SKU sets, so think about things like shoes or intimate apparel or jeans where you have an enormous variety of SKUs that are kind of hard to track; and then replenishment rate. Those 3 -- we actually have a formula, which I won't share, to help retailers understand, these are the key factors. What we find that happens, though, is retailers tend to start in certain departments, they get the ROI, and then they get some other incremental benefits in other areas as they move forward. And we've had one major retailer just going to go wall-to-wall because once you've started to tag 60%, 70% of your items overall, the retailer is just saying, "Well, I have such good inventory control now incrementally that extra cost isn't going to be bad." So -- and -- so, yes, those are the key factors.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got you. And then just finally on that. I mean, there have been some -- in the trade press, there's been some noise about a non-practicing entity, NPE, a.k.a. patent troll, which acquired basically a bunch -- a suite of -- a portfolio of micron technologies, RFID patents, several years ago, and some of the early adopters have reportedly been throttling back a little bit over the specter of litigation associated with that. It sounds like based on what you're seeing, this is not really having an influence on any sort of adoption trajectory for the industry as a whole.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, certainly, it hasn't in Europe because it's not particularly relevant there. But I think these things tend to get resolved over time, and I anticipate that this won't be an issue for the long run.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to confirm, the guidance for the fourth quarter is -- the low end is predicated on your October trend or your September trend? And if I didn't get either of those right, if you could just recast it, that would be great.
Mitchell R. Butier: It's the September trend which we saw in the early parts of October, and October did see a little bit of an improvement from that trend, as Dean mentioned. But it's September.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. The next question I had, are you seeing any signs of capacity increases in coating, in pressure-sensitive? And for that matter, how are you set for coating capacity over the next 1 to 2 years?
Dean A. Scarborough: In Europe, of course, we had a European competitor announce some closures of capacities, specifically, I think, in Spain and in Switzerland. So we've definitely seen some activity there. There is a smaller competitor that's adding capacity in the U.S. And our capacity situation is just fine in mature markets. We're going to be adding -- we've just added some capacity in Malaysia. We're going to -- and India. We're going to add some new capacity in India next year and likely be looking at adding some capacity fairly soon in China as that business continues to grow.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then back to digital presses. So I'd ask, could you quantify, if not precisely, maybe directionally, or with some qualifiers, how this ultimately improves your cost structure within RBIS? And is it additive to the longer-term margin goal of 9% or is it supportive of that goal?
Dean A. Scarborough: It's supportive of the footprint reduction goal that we've announced. So digital printing takes up less space than, let's say, certainly, than offset printing. You don't have really any pre-press that you have to as well.
Mitchell R. Butier: They're more flexible assets.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes.
Mitchell R. Butier: So less footprint relative to that output.
Dean A. Scarborough: So it's all been part -- it's all part of the strategy we have to move RBIS margins to the target range. So what I'm trying to do is help investors understand, we have a very clear set of milestones. Okay. We're at about -- we've reduced our footprint by 15%, on our way to get to 25%. Digital printing is supposed to be 50%. It's around 25% or 30% now. So -- but indicative that we believe we're on track to hit our margin targets as we promised back in 2012.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's great, Dean. The last question, just related to that. When did you say you get to 50%, having rolled out digital press throughout RBIS?
Dean A. Scarborough: When?
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, it should be close to 2015, actually.
Operator: Our next question is also a follow-up from Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just one clarification. On free cash flow year-to-date, what is the -- you said the divested businesses were actually negative free cash flow year-to-date. Can you provide that number? And then also, is the $10 million to $15 million, I think that's what you referenced, $10 million to $15 million of additional cash on divestitures would be spent some time in the fourth quarter. Is that included in the free cash flow guidance?
Mitchell R. Butier: So the free cash flow guidance we have is for continuing operations, so that excludes any of that. The $10 million to $15 million extra I referenced was basically getting you from -- if you look at the exhibits behind the -- in the financial statements, you see we have $402 million of net proceeds now. I'm just saying we have another $10 million to $15 million to pull off of that. So that will drop down to roughly $390 million. As far as the negative free cash flow, there was negative free cash flow of about $40 million in the first half for those 2 businesses related to investments you make in working capital. If you will recall, OCP was a seasonal business, as well as we had some of the transaction -- pre-closing transaction costs within there as well. So that's why we lumped it all together because that wasn't really the operating level of free cash flow for those businesses.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just one longer-term question. As more and more sales move to e-commerce, what sort of impact should we think about that having on your business? I would assume you get less ticket if you don't have the in-store ticket anymore, but maybe you get more RFID sales. How do you kind of think about that change-over over time?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, actually, Scott, it's a good question. Retailers don't change their branding or ticketing, whether it's sold in-store or online. And in fact, it actually provides some new opportunity for us because what's happening is that retailers want you to be able to buy things online and then return them to the store if you want to or even pick them up at the store. And so that requires, let's say, on a return, that item actually has to be reticketed. It happens a lot, especially when you buy stuff online, it doesn't fit or you didn't really like the color, et cetera, et cetera. And so what we found is that there's just no difference between the branding and ticketing. And we have come up with solutions to help retailers manage a more seamless interface between, again, their bricks model and their clicks model. Could be some upside for PSM, by the way. It means there's more bar code labels out there, so as people buy online and get stuff shipped in cartons.
Operator: And with that, we have time for one more question, and that will be from Christopher Kapsch with Topeka Capital Markets.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes, just one follow-up on RBIS. You mentioned you're -- you felt like you're on track with your -- the progression towards your longer-term margin targets in that business. And I'm just wondering if -- as RFID grows at a higher growth rate than the core RBIS business system, if that's going to influence those margin targets at all, just -- as that business is growing, are those margins accretive to the overall segment or is it something that's just consistent with the targets that you already have out there?
Mitchell R. Butier: So they're absolutely consistent with targets. The targets we have out there are targets for 2015, which is only 2 years from now. And the -- so they're consistent, and the margins for RFID are comparable to the overall margins we have for the overall RBIS business. It's modestly higher, currently.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one last one. You mentioned layering in some higher employee-related costs in that segment. Is that associated with a broader RFID adoption? Or what's driving that?
Mitchell R. Butier: No. That's just part of the fundamental to this business. This business, as we've talked about, is more labor-intensive than pressure-sensitive, and a lot of that labor is in the emerging markets where the wage rates are higher. So when we've talked about this business, forget restructuring and productivity, but this business needs to grow 1.5% to 2% to kind of maintain margins, if you will. That is because it needs that level of growth to offset the natural wage inflation headwinds.
Operator: Mr. Scarborough, there are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back to you. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, thanks, everyone, for participating today. I'm pleased with the excellent progress we've made so far this year. Our value creation formula remains straightforward. With modest top line growth, ongoing productivity improvements and highly disciplined capital management, we'll continue to drive double-digit earnings growth and solid free cash flow, most of which we'll give back to shareholders. I would like to thank the Avery Dennison team members for delivering another strong quarter. And thanks again for joining us today, and look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you, all, for your participation, and kindly ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great weekend, everyone.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-23 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Mitchell R. Butier - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the second quarter ended June 29, 2013. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 1:00 P.M. Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, July 26. To access the replay, please dial 1 (800) 633-8284 or 1 (402) 977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21610813. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. You may go ahead, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Today, we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited second quarter 2013 results. Please note that unless otherwise indicated, today's discussion will be focused on our continuing operations. The company's Office and Consumer Products and Designed and Engineered Solutions businesses are classified on our income statement as discontinued operations. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP in schedules A-2 to A-5 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mitch Butier, Senior Vice President and CFO. I'll now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Eric, and good day, everyone. I'm happy to report our fourth consecutive quarter of better than 30% growth in earnings per share, reflecting the successful execution of our productivity initiatives. We delivered sales growth ahead of our expectations, with solid volume increases in both core businesses. We're on track to deliver our free cash flow target for the year, distributing most of that cash to shareholders. In the first half, we returned over $200 million to shareholders including the repurchase of approximately 3.5 million shares. We also raised the dividend by 7%, which we announced shortly after our last earnings conference call. Both of our core business segments delivered strong results for the quarter. Pressure-sensitive Materials generated solid top line growth, driven by high single-digit organic growth in emerging markets and the successful execution of our innovation strategies. We anticipate beating our target for sales from new products this year, and this is one of the factors driving the strong top line growth in PSM. As you know, the industry's annual trade event, Labelexpo, takes place in September. I'm looking forward to another standout performance. Part of our innovation strategy is to continually identify new ways to drive cost up. This type of innovation has 2 key benefits. The first is evident in our bottom line performance. These initiatives, combined with last year's restructuring actions, drove operating margin for the quarter above the high end of our long-term target range. This capability also enhances our competitiveness in lower margin product categories, enabling us to take share and maintain our high return on capital. Retail Branding and Information Solutions also delivered outstanding results, with its fourth consecutive quarter of strong sales growth and continued margin expansion. We are gaining share in this market through growth in most key segments, driven by increased demand from key retailers and brands in both the U.S. and Western Europe. We're seeing continued momentum in RFID and brand embellishments. And we are delivering particularly strong growth in our still small, but important new markets of Japan, South America and Russia. We're also seeing good momentum on the operational side. The business is on track to meet its cost reduction and productivity targets for the year, while delivering better quality and improved customer service. While the business is not yet within the target range for profitability, we're making solid progress against the footprint reduction strategy. And I'm confident in our ability to achieve our operating margin and return objectives over the next couple of years. The company passed 2 significant milestones in the last 30 days. First, we achieved the savings target from the restructuring actions we initiated last year, delivering $105 million of annualized savings as of the end of June. And second, we completed the sale of Office and Consumer Products and Designed and Engineered Solutions. I'd like to take this opportunity to publicly thank the many project teams who worked tirelessly to bring this transaction to a close. As well, I want to thank our now former colleagues at OCP and DES and wish them the very best. With strong leadership positions in our core businesses, our ability to maintain already high returns in Pressure-sensitive Materials and significantly expand profitability in Retail Branding and Information Solutions, I am confident that we will deliver our financial targets for the year and over the longer term. Now, I'll turn it over to Mitch.
Mitchell R. Butier: Thanks, Dean. We delivered another solid quarter with 5% organic sales growth and adjusted earnings per share in line with our expectations of $0.71. This 34% increase in earnings was driven by productivity, as well as continued solid top line growth, particularly in RBIS and emerging markets for Pressure-sensitive Materials. Adjusted operating margin in the quarter grew 110 basis points to 8% as the benefit of our productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset higher employee-related expenses and the impact of product mix in Pressure-sensitive Materials. The productivity improvements were primarily the result of the success of the restructuring program we initiated last year. As Dean mentioned, we've achieved our target, realizing $105 million of annualized savings through the end of the second quarter. The net impact of raw material input cost and pricing was again negligible in the quarter. Free cash flow from continuing operations was roughly $100 million in the quarter, bringing our year-to-date free cash flow to just over $40 million. This was $20 million more than last year due to the improved operating results and the sale of assets, including our corporate headquarters building in Pasadena. With our strong balance sheet and consistent solid free cash flow, we repurchased an additional 2 million shares for $87 million in the second quarter. In the first half, we returned a total of $205 million of cash to shareholders through a combination of dividend and the repurchase of 3.5 million shares. With the completion of the sale of OCP and DES, we expect net proceeds of approximately $400 million, which includes the negative $40 million of free cash flow in discontinued operations in the first half. We intend to use these proceeds to repurchase shares and reduce indebtedness, including an additional pension contribution. In the meantime, we've reused the proceeds to reduce our commercial paper balance. Turning to the segments. Pressure-sensitive Material sales were up 4% on an organic basis in the second quarter, primarily reflecting solid growth in emerging markets and moderate growth in mature markets. Label and Packaging Material sales were up mid-single-digits on an organic basis, while the combined sales for Graphics, Reflective and Performance Tapes increased low-single digits. On a regional basis, sales for the segment grew low-single digits in North America, were up slightly in Western Europe and grew high-single digits in emerging markets. PSM's adjusted operating margin improved 130 basis points to 10.7% due to the benefit of productivity initiatives and higher volume, partially offset by the impact of product mix due to a modest decline in the Graphics business and continued penetration of lower margin categories in Labels and Packaging Materials. Retail Branding and Information Solutions sales grew 8%, reflecting strong demand among North American and European retailers and brands. RFID revenue grew approximately 30%, contributing roughly 2 points to RBIS' overall growth rate. Now as you know, RBIS faces tough comps in the second half of this year due to the significant RFID sales in the second half of last year to 1 retailer that had since reduced its program. RBIS' adjusted operating margin improved 110 basis points to 7.1% as the benefit of productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset higher employee-related expenses. Sales in our other specialty converting businesses grew 6%, reflecting solid growth in our medical business, the only component of other specialty converting beginning this year. The biggest difference between reported and organic sales growth in other specialty converting is due to the exit of a small former OCP product line last year. As you can see, the negative adjusted operating margin in this business was comparable to last year. Moving on to the outlook. We now expect adjusted 2013 earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.50 to $2.70, and free cash flow from continuing operations of $275 million to $315 million. Our guidance is based on a number of assumptions including the key factors listed on Slide 8. To highlight a few: Our estimate organic sales growth in 2013 is now 3% to 4%. We've again raised the low end of our sales expectations by 1 point given our performance in the first half. Obviously, the macro environment remains uncertain, and as you know, the nature of our businesses gives us limited forward visibility. Interest expense in 2013 is expected to be slightly under $60 million for the whole year versus $73 million last year. Interest expense in the second quarter was lower-than-expected due to a number of factors, including lower interest expense outside of the U.S. And average fully diluted shares outstanding for 2013 are still assumed to be approximately 100 million. We expect that the impact of the additional share repurchases from the proceeds of the divestitures will have a modest impact on average shares outstanding for the full year. In summary, we've had a solid first half in a year in which we expect to deliver adjusted EPS growth of between 28% and 38%. Our 2 core businesses are market leaders and are well-positioned for profitable growth and increasing returns. And our continued cost and capital discipline enabled us to maintain our financial strength and return cash to shareholders, evidenced by our repurchase of 3.5 million shares in the first half, all of which demonstrate our commitment to delivering on our long-term targets. Now, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question, from the line of Scott Gaffner from Barclays Capital.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Good quarter, a little surprised by the growth in PSM, and you made some initial comments on that. Just wanted to follow up a little bit. You mentioned the growth in the emerging product -- emerging markets. Can you talk a little bit about where, which product offerings you're seeing the most growth in emerging markets? Is it around variable information? Is it around the personal care products? Where are you seeing the growth in emerging markets?
Dean A. Scarborough: Pretty much across the board, Scott. We saw excellent growth in South America, as well as the emerging markets of Asia. We -- again, it's really in every product category. So we feel really good about our position in emerging markets, and the team delivered an excellent quarter.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And the margin on the emerging markets, how do those compare to the overall segment average?
Dean A. Scarborough: So it's accretive. They're above the average for the sector.
Scott L. Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And you mentioned the -- you had a target for new product introductions this year for PSM. Could you go back and remind us of what the target was and sort of how far above that you actually are this year?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, I don't think we gave a specific number. I think in the past, we talked about the vitality index, which is our metric of products that -- our percent of sales that have been introduced -- percent of new products introduced within the last 3 years, and that number has been pretty consistently in the 20% to 25% range. So we're feeling really good about the innovation. We really started down this path in Pressure-sensitive Materials about 3 or 4 years ago, and it's really a cumulative effect. A lot of the products that we launch take time for customers and end-users to adapt to, and so we're really starting to see some acceleration. And it's a good trend.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Robert W. Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Kind of sticking with PSM. Looks like a record quarter for that business from a margin perspective. Dean, I think last quarter, you called out some unfavorable mix weighing on the margins on a year-over-year basis for PSM. Did that reverse during the second quarter? And is it time to start thinking about revisiting those targets that you outlined for PSM? At your analyst meeting last year, I think it was 8.5% to 9.5% for 2015.
Dean A. Scarborough: We -- it's actually 9% to 10%. We restated the targets once we changed the way we reported the operating segments. And also, we had the impact there of disc ops. The mix sequentially was pretty much the same as it was in the previous quarters, so we didn't really see a reversal of the mix. I think the team has done a great job of helping us be more competitive, especially in emerging markets. We've done a great job of being more competitive in lower margin product categories, so we're taking some market share there, and the productivity's enabled us to do so. So it's a combination of volume, of the productivity that we deliver in the business, and certainly, the sales growth at 4% really made a big difference. As far as changing the targets, I think we're going to stick with these for a while. We -- those are 2015 targets. It's one quarter where we broke through the average so we'd like to really understand that on a go-forward basis.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, makes sense. And then on RBIS, was there a big difference in terms of sales distribution between the U.S. and Europe? And if you could just touch on whether European retailers are getting maybe a little bit more confident on the outlook?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, we had -- actually, the growth in Europe on European-based retailers and brand owners was higher than the U.S. retailers as a percentage. Much of that was due to RFID growth. If you strip out the impact of RFID growth, it was roughly the same. As you know, we have lower relative market share in Europe, and -- so we have been successful in taking market share there, and the RFID programs, again, have really helped us.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to come back to the question of margins for both segments. Now if I look at PSM, if I did my math correctly, you had incremental margins of roughly 50%, which is -- I mean, it's not the only time you've ever done something that large, but generally speaking, it's a relatively rare level of incremental profit performance for this segment. Clearly, you had volume growth and you called out, a number of times, productivity. Is there a way to parse that out between the 2 sources? And as Ghansham was mentioning earlier, your mix is lower so it even further sort of supports what a great quarter it was from an incremental margin standpoint. And how sustainable is that incremental margin on a going forward basis?
Mitchell R. Butier: Sure. George, as far as the increase, a significant contributor, the biggest contributor was the productivity in the restructuring year-over-year. And so the incremental margin that you're seeing, you got to layer in the restructuring savings that we have within this business, and we haven't parsed it out business-by-business, but total company saw $20 million year-over-year in the quarter of restructuring savings. And PSM, if you recall, a number of the restructuring actions we took were accretive to both businesses, but particularly to PSM if you think about the integration of Graphics with LPM, the reduction of the research center and so forth. So the reason we're talking about if you combine all the restructuring savings, we're talking about the lower variable margin from product mix. It's basically just to lay out that it's a little bit lower than we've traditionally seen, still profitable. And we say going forward, what kind of variable margins would you expect. They've been a little bit less than we have traditionally talked about within this business, but as Dean said, sequentially from Q1 to Q2, the pressure from product mix has definitely eased a bit. And so a lot of what we're seeing from a negative product mix, if you will, is year-over-year comps, and it is starting to ease a bit.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Mitch, if I'm reading you right though, obviously, you're starting to then lapse some of the restructuring benefits. So whatever your revenue or volume growth might be on a going forward basis, if I'm hearing you correctly, I don't want to put words into your mouth, it would suggest that maybe the incremental margin will probably be at a more normal rate on a going forward basis in these next couple of quarters?
Mitchell R. Butier: Exactly. We pretty much lapped all of the productivity restructuring savings year-over-year as of now. A little bit more in Q3, but then we fully lap it.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Two related questions and I'll turn it over. RBIS, again, you're pleased with progress, and certainly, it's nice to see the revenue growth and the margin expansion. Having said that, I kind of remember that the incremental margin that you've targeted for this segment is roughly around 40% after the first 2% or so of revenue growth that you have at any quarter. And so if I go through that math, I would have wound up with earnings performance a little bit ahead of what you ultimately reported. So were you pleased with the incremental margin RBIS? Have we correctly remembered what the relationships are generally? And what might have caused some of that decremental margin if we correctly analyze what the traditional relationship is?
Dean A. Scarborough: George, this is Dean. We're very pleased with the progress in RBIS. Contribution margins are actually up a bit year-over-year, so very pleased with that. The biggest single impact was last year, in the second quarter, you recall, we had a tough first half in RBIS, so we eliminated almost all the bonus accruals for the first half of the year in the second quarter. This year, the team's on track, so we had a pretty big headwind. So for the team to deliver 100 basis point improvement in margins was, I think, actually pretty impressive. So I think this baseline is actually a better baseline, and the incremental margins that you're talking about are definitely doable on a go-forward basis.
Mitchell R. Butier: The math doesn't change at all. In the second half, we still have a headwind year-over-year for the same reason Dean just laid out, a little bit less than Q2.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And that makes sense. My last question, I'll turn it over, and I appreciate your patience. If I look at the uptick in your organic revenue growth rate very mechanically, it's 50 basis points versus your prior guidance. Yet the EPS guidance, and certainly, again, it's great that it's moving up, not lower, going -- only goes up about $0.02. So when you do some rough math around that, the incremental margin off of that increase in revenue is only about 10%, even though both your segments seem to be doing better than that. So help us understand if there's any elements of -- caution is not the right term, but anything that you want to keep as -- remind us about in terms of gauging how EPS can move relative to your revenue growth, that would be appreciated.
Mitchell R. Butier: Sure, George. So the -- you're absolutely right, sales moved up more than what you'd expect. It was a pure variable falling flow through to the bottom line, and that's essentially due to the lower variable margin, lower mix within Pressure-sensitive Materials is the overall reason for that.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Actually, George just asked my question, but if I can ask it in another way. You increased your top line growth by 1% and yet, you lowered the high end of the range. So I was wondering, in addition to your answer to George, if there was any other reason why the impact is kind of downward on the EPS while it was upward on the top line growth.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, Rosemarie, we raised the midpoint of our guidance. I think we feel good about our progress, and we do think -- growth, certainly in the first half, was better than we expected in the beginning of the year when we first gave our annual guidance. I think we're just being prudent. There's still quite a bit of, I think, of uncertainty out there especially some markets like Western Europe. So we're being -- we're focused on executing against our plan and hitting our numbers like we did in the second quarter. And so we just don't -- we don't want to get out ahead of ourselves.
Mitchell R. Butier: And we're basically translating what we saw in the second quarter, whereas, as Dean mentioned, we hit our expectations for earnings, but we were slightly ahead of our expectations on sales. So it's basically just a continuation of the current mix that we're seeing.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then you talked about the retailers doing quite well. Do you have a feel or is it too early to see what is happening with the back-to-school activity so to speak? I just got a call saying that everything is in the store. Is it too early to see what is happening in terms of the sale of those particular items?
Dean A. Scarborough: I think it is too early. Seems in the U.S., the apparel market's actually doing okay. You can see it in both the import trends and some of the same-store sales figures. I think Europe is less robust. I think the point that we're making is that we're doing very well in this environment. And we believe that we are taking market share, we're capturing a good number of the new RFID programs. Our external embellishment products are also growing, I think, in excess of 30%, so we have some new innovations out there that we're offering to the apparel market. So I think we're definitely growing faster than the market.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: And if I may ask one last quick question, what did you see in terms of your medical, whatever you call it, medical films outlook? Is that something that will remain? Do you have high growth expectations? Could you give us a feel for what license is still on the books?
Dean A. Scarborough: So we have a number of -- well, first of all, we believe this is our -- this is our carve [ph] out from our Tapes business. We did in the medical tapes and wound care business for a number of years. We've invested some money in it. We have quite a few new products that are launching mainly in the second half of the year. So we do expect higher growth rates. In fact, we did achieve our first shipment of our medical sensor, our brand-new medical sensor product in June. It was pretty small, but we do expect revenues to accelerate and the EBIT loss to decline over the next couple of quarters.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In PSM, you have a major competitor that's recently discussed plans to reduce label stock capacity in Europe and a few other lower growth markets. And I'm just wondering, when you look at your footprint, following your restructuring efforts, are you comfortable with it? Are there regions where you might have further opportunities to rationalize capacity? Or generally, how do you think about the right footprint to get you to your long-term growth and margin targets in the segment?
Dean A. Scarborough: We have a very consistent philosophy about driving productivity in all of our businesses using Lean Six Sigma principles. So it's something that we look at on a continuous basis. And what we find is the best way to crystallize a lot of the productivity we get at individual plants is actually consolidating operations, closing down facilities, et cetera, et cetera. So we've just been through a major set of restructuring actions that -- we've completed most of those. So far, at least in Pressure-sensitive Materials, RBIS is going to be a continuing story. But we're -- as we start to build our plans for 2014, it's always a subject that we're reviewing in terms of our planning process. So I never ever say that we're done because our teams are incredibly creative in finding new ways to drive productivity in the business.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just a follow-up on the specialty converting business. Would you expect -- as a follow-up to Rosemarie's question, would you expect that business to basically be breakeven in 2014 or breakeven as we exit the year? Or how should we think about getting to 5% margins in 2015, which I think was the guidance?
Mitchell R. Butier: Our target is to get to 5% by 2015, and we don't provide segment guidance especially on a kind of quarterly basis.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of John McNulty with Crdit Suisse.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a quick question. Mitch, with regard to your pension, I know your plans, right now, are to make a pretty significant contribution to pension given some of the proceeds from the office sale. With rates having moved where they are, it's looking like your fund status is probably somewhere in the mid to upper 80% range. So any thoughts in terms of maybe dialing back how much gets contributed and maybe increasing the share repurchases or the dividends maybe sooner than you expected?
Mitchell R. Butier: Sure. So we've -- part of our deleveraging is going to be the pension. And when we've evaluated the whole time what the size of that pension contribution ought to be, the excess comp pension contribution, and we've never commented specifically on the amount, it's been around, thinking over the long horizon, when discount rates and so forth moves back more to what I will call a normal -- what would be the excess contribution that would still be worthwhile in that environment. So we are not, we've always said, planning to fully fund or even come close to fully fund with this pension contribution. But it is a pretty, relatively high level cost of debt that we have that we can top up. So not commenting right now. Once we make the extra pension contribution, we'll communicate that. But that is going to be one of the sources of deleveraging, the primary resource.
Operator: Mr. Scarborough, there are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back to you. You may resume with your presentation or closing remarks.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Brenda. I am pleased with the excellent progress we've made so far this year. Business conditions remain challenging, of course, but I'm confident in both our commercial and operational strategies, as well as the ability of our teams to execute those strategies. With our strong leadership positions and competitive advantages in large growing markets, I'm likewise confident in our ability to deliver on our long-term targets of solid top line growth, double-digit EPS growth and superior capital efficiency. Thanks for joining us today, and we'll speak with you all in October.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you, all, for your participation, and kindly ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-24 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Mitchell R. Butier - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter ended March 30, 2013. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, April 26. To access the replay, please dial (800) 633-8284 or (402) 977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21610812. I'd now like to turn the call over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Today we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited first quarter 2013 results. Please note that unless otherwise indicated, today's discussion will be focused on our continuing operations. The company's Office and Consumer Products and Designed and Engineered Solutions businesses are classified on our income statement as discontinued operations. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP in Schedules A-2 to A-4 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mitch Butier, Senior Vice President and CFO. I'll now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Eric, and good day, everyone. First quarter results were in line with our expectations, highlighted by strong sales growth in emerging markets for Pressure-sensitive Materials and another good top line performance by Retail Branding and Information Solutions. Higher volumes and the benefits of our restructuring program drove a substantial increase in earnings per share over first quarter 2012. We are also on track to deliver strong annual free cash flow. Typically, we're a user of cash in the first half of the year and we ended the quarter where we expected to. During the quarter, we returned nearly $90 million to shareholders through dividends and the repurchase of approximately 1.5 million shares. Regarding the dividend, the Board will conduct its annual review at its meeting tomorrow. As we announced last December, the Board has moved its annual consideration of the dividend increase from December to April. Turning to the businesses. Pressure-sensitive Materials delivered solid overall results again, driven by strong sales of Label and Packaging Materials in emerging markets, with modest growth in mature markets. Operating margin expanded and was within our long-term target range reflecting higher volumes and the productivity gains from integrating Graphics and Reflectives into our Label and Packaging business. Trends for Retail Branding and Information Solutions continued from the back half of 2012, with continued growth in the core business and strong growth in RFID. Sales to U.S. and emerging market retailers and brands grew by double-digit percentages. And I was encouraged by mid-single-digit growth from European-based retailers and brands. Based on the latest import data, we are continuing to gain market share. RBIS operating margin expanded significantly and we expect further progress later this year as we reduce the manufacturing footprint and execute our productivity plans. Second quarter is, of course, the most important season for RBIS. And as you know, we don't have that much forward visibility. However, our order intake does remain strong. I'm pleased to say that during the quarter we received all regulatory clearances for the sale of Office and Consumer Products and Designed and Engineered Solutions. We expect to complete the deal midyear. We've also made steady progress on our restructuring initiative, which is enabling us to deliver strong bottom line improvement. We had a solid start to the year. As Mitch will explain, with the movement of Designed and Engineered Solutions to discontinued operations, we've effectively raised our earnings guidance. I'll note that Q2 is very important for us, and we'll feel even more confident about the year once we deliver the quarter. Now I'll turn it over to Mitch.
Mitchell R. Butier: Thanks, Dean. We delivered another solid quarter with 4% organic sales growth and a 37% increase in adjusted earnings per share, in line with our expectations. These results reflect strong emerging markets growth in Pressure-sensitive Materials, continued solid progress in RBIS, the results of our restructuring program, as well as lower interest expense and the accretion from share repurchases. Our free cash flow in the quarter was negative as is consistent with our normal seasonality. With leverage in our targeted range and our consistently strong annual free cash flow, we returned $89 million of cash to shareholders with dividends of $27 million and the repurchase of 1.5 million shares. Adjusted operating margin in the quarter grew 60 basis points to 6.7% as the benefit of productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset higher employee-related expenses and the impact of product mix as a result of our continued penetration of lower margin categories in PSM. The net impact of costs associated with raw materials and pricing was again modest in the quarter. As for our restructuring program, to save more than $100 million annually, we're on track and continue to expect to achieve our savings target by the middle of this year. In addition to expanding operating margins, we also benefited from a reduction in interest expense of approximately $6 million. This reduction is due primarily to a 3-month time lag between when a $250 million long-term note matured in mid-January and when we refinanced it in early April. The new $250 million note is due in 10 years and bears a coupon of 3.35%, and will result in a reduction to annual interest expense of $8 million going forward. Turning to the segments. Pressure-sensitive Materials sales were up 3% on an organic basis in the first quarter, primarily reflecting solid growth in emerging markets and a moderation of growth in mature markets. Labels and Packaging materials, the largest division in the segment, sales were up low single digits on an organic basis, while the combined sales for Graphics, Reflective and Performance Tapes were up slightly. On a regional basis, sales for this segment grew low single digits in North America, were relatively flat in Western Europe, and grew double digits in emerging markets. PSM's adjusted operating margin improved 30 basis points to 9.9%, near the high-end of our targeted range as the benefit of productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset the impact of product mix and higher employee-related expenses. Retail Branding and Information Solutions sales grew 6%, with about half of the growth coming from RFID and the other half reflecting solid growth at North American and modest growth at European retailers and brands. Sales of RFID products more than doubled in the first quarter, but as we said last quarter, the growth rate is expected to moderate for the remainder of the year as a major retailer recently decided to slow its pace of RFID adoption. RBIS's adjusted operating margin improved 150 basis points to 4.6% as the benefit of productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset higher employee-related expenses. As you know, the first quarter is RBIS's seasonally lowest sales and margin quarter, while the second quarter is the strongest. Sales in our other specialty converting businesses grew 13%, reflecting solid growth in our medical business. The biggest difference between reported and organic sales growth in other specialty converting is due to the exit of a small former OCP product line last year. And with DES now in discontinued operations, the medical business is the only component of other specialty converting beginning this year. The negative adjusted operating margin in other specialty converting was reduced somewhat compared to last year due to higher volume. This business has a negative operating margin and we are making investments in growth to leverage our material science capabilities and technologies in the medical space. Moving onto the outlook. We now expect adjusted 2013 earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.40 to $2.75 and free cash flow from continuing operations of $275 million to $315 million. When you consider that we are now excluding the estimated results from DES, we are effectively increasing our earnings guidance. The exclusion of DES had a negative impact of approximately $0.15, which was largely offset by lower anticipated cost and, at the lower end of our range, higher volume. As for free cash flow, we reduced the high-end of our guidance range for continuing operations primarily due to the exclusion of DES. Our guidance is based on a number of assumptions, including the factors listed on Slide 8. To highlight a few, our estimate for organic sales growth in 2013 is now 2% to 4%. We've raised the low-end of our sales expectation by 1 point given our performance in the first quarter. Our full year estimate reflects modest growth in the U.S., Western Europe being flat to down modestly, and emerging markets up mid to high single-digits. Obviously, the macro environment remains uncertain and, as you know, the nature of our businesses gives us limited forward visibility. Interest expense in 2013 is expected to be approximately $60 million versus $73 million last year. First quarter interest expense was $12 million, and we expect a run rate beginning in Q2 of $16 million to $17 million per quarter. And average fully diluted shares outstanding for 2013 are still assumed to be approximately 100 million. Given the timing of when we expect the divestitures of OCP and DES to close, the impact of the additional share repurchases from the proceeds of these divestitures will have a modest impact on the calculation of average shares outstanding for the full year. So in summary, the first quarter represented a solid start to a year in which we expect to deliver adjusted EPS growth of between 22% and 40%. Our 2 core businesses are market leaders and are well-positioned for profitable growth and increasing returns. Our cost-reduction program to save more than $100 million is on track and positions us for continued strong earnings growth. And our continued cost and capital discipline enabled us to maintain our financial strength and return more cash to shareholders, all of which demonstrate our continued commitment to delivering on our long-term targets. Now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess my first question is on the guidance, related to what the sales trend has been. And certainly, we understand that you effectively raised your earnings per share guidance given the effect of DES. When I look at what I think is your new continuing operations schedule at the back of the slide deck, it shows that organic sales has been decelerating a little bit over the last few quarters, still at very healthy rates. And so I was wondering if, in fact, that's the trend you've been observing, what gives you more confidence in terms of raising the outlook as you've done? And I had a couple follow-ons.
Dean A. Scarborough: Sure. So overall the reason for the raise in the outlook is really at the low-end, George, and that was pretty much just due to our performance in Q1. When you talk about the growth rate in Q1, it's -- we're right in the middle of our long-term targets coming in at 4% overall, our 3% to 5% target that we've had. And it did decelerate from the pace you saw of the last few quarters but recall, the last few quarters were benefiting from some easier comps and mid-2011 is when our sales fell off so when you look in absolute terms, this is a solid pace and the pace which we expect overall.
Dean A. Scarborough: George, I'd also note that Easter fell in the first quarter this year, rather than in the second quarter in the prior year. So that's part of the reason for I would characterize that as deceleration.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes the shift in calendar had overall -- a little over -- over 1 point of impact on the quarter as well, but does not change our full year expectations.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Wouldn't Easter being early have shifted volume into the first quarter and helped the growth rate, if I'm hearing you correctly?
Dean A. Scarborough: Easter was on the -- was 1 week earlier and so Good Friday fell into Q1 of this year, whereas Good Friday last year fell into Q2.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Understand. Now related to...
Mitchell R. Butier: This doesn't affect all regions equally, of course, or all businesses equally so...
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. Now in terms of the RBIS business and apparel, you obviously gave the appropriate caveat. You don't have great lead times but your bookings thus far have been pretty healthy. And so, the question is, what are your customers saying right now about what their expectations are for the Christmas selling season in the fourth quarter?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. I think there is a reasonable degree of optimism as they're looking forward. And so, we're pleased with our growth rate in -- from both European and U.S. and emerging market retailers and brands. I don't think anybody is ecstatic about the environment, but they're not pessimistic either. So I feel -- it feels -- looks okay, is how I'd characterize it.
Mitchell R. Butier: And I think a key thing to focus on some of the comments I made about RFID with half the growth in Q1 and we do expect that growth rate to moderate somewhat.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. But it sounds like your customers are feeling a little bit more confident about the consumer in turn being willing to open up their wallets to make expenditures towards the end of the year. Would that be a fair assessment? Whether or not it plays out or not, we'll see, but would that be the fair characterization of what your customers are thinking right now?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. I mean certainly, based both anecdotally and on the order trends, I'd say yes, right exactly within our guidance range and pretty much what we expected.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Last question and I'll turn it over. In other specialty converting, what pace of margin improvement could we expect over a couple of years? We realize you're investing in that business right now. Is this a business that, given the current -- if we hold the macro environment constant going forward, that can get to a breakeven or better margin with the next couple of quarters, let's say, sometime as a run rate sometime in 2013? Or would you need to do more restructuring, investment or see more growth for it to be more profitable than it is right now?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. Let me just maybe give a little bit of color on the Vancive medical solutions business, that's pretty much all of other specialty converting. It's a carve-out out of our Performance Tapes business, and the core business has actually been growing quite nicely. And we have invested in a couple of new growth platforms, one is on a wearable sensor, where you can wear it on your body and it tracks heart rate and respiration and whether you're sitting or standing. And as well as a new antimicrobial wound care device where we've actually embedded the antimicrobial agent into the adhesive which is actually very hard to do, and we figured out a way to do it. We actually haven't seen any sales on those products yet so we do expect -- we're in the commercialization stage so we're pretty pleased with our progress so far. I don't want to give guidance on exactly when we're going to trip over to positive EBIT because I'll be wrong whatever I forecast. And -- but we are pleased with the trajectory. We've got very specific milestones against the business. And we're going to hit the long-term targets for that business that we've communicated to Wall Street.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Hey, on PSM, Mitch, I think you mentioned negative mix on -- as part of the EBIT variance. Is that mostly because the growth rates in the emerging markets are stronger and that's maybe some of the lower margin business that you're referring to? Or how should we think about that?
Mitchell R. Butier: No. Actually, emerging market growth is accretive to margins. But what we've been doing, even in emerging markets, is looking for places to take share that are still investment-grade opportunities, but maybe we just haven't been quite as focused on that and it's working pretty well. And so, I think the flow through margins are -- well, certainly versus the first quarter last year, are just a little bit less, but it's good profitable business, and so we feel good about it.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then the double-digit growth commentary across the emerging markets, was there a meaningful deviation between say China and Brazil or some of the other emerging markets?
Dean A. Scarborough: The only deviation I'd say is Eastern Europe, as you'd expect, was a little bit softer than what we saw in Latin America as well as Asia.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then back to RBIS, I guess as follow-up to George's question. Dean, you seem pretty optimistic on the outlook there. Most retailers in the U.S. when they reported March were calling out weather and more uncertainty as it relates to the consumer. So can you just help us sort of bridge the gap between the 2 in terms of the outlook?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, I mean -- it's always -- all retailers are optimistic about the upcoming season. I mean, so they're talking about what happened in the first quarter and, of course, those are goods that we shipped back in late Q3, early Q4. And at least, from our perspective, there's a lot of good things going on. I mean, we've been able -- we believe we're taking market share, so that's helpful. We still have adoption of RFID, granted the pace will slow in 2013 versus 2012. And, I would say, in general, and it's hard to generalize of course, we see a decent degree of optimism about how the year will play out. Inventories, the inventory sales ratio in apparel is still about where it should be. And apparel costs are also maintaining a good relative position. So all those factors so far look okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital Incorporated.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just my question is really on the guidance. You said -- okay, we understand the minus $0.15 for DES and then you said the offset was I think you said lower cost and higher volume. Can you kind of break down the pieces there? What's lower-cost, and then, maybe on a pennies basis? And what's the higher volume?
Mitchell R. Butier: Sure. Just very simply, at the high-end pull $0.15 off for DES and basically, add back $0.10 for the lower-cost which is a little bit -- a couple million lower than we modeled -- had a few months ago for interest expense. And the rest of it just being lower operating costs as well as, something I didn't mention, a couple of cents from different shares outstanding assumption late in the year. And then so that's -- so plus $0.15, minus $0.10 at the high-end. And that at the low-end, you've got those same factors but then as you can see, we raised the low-end of our volume guidance for the year and so that's where you get the extra nickel.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And so is the -- you said lower share count later in the year, is that -- that's not related to DES, the sale of OCP and DES? And you would feel like [indiscernible] cash.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, if you heard -- we're still saying approximately 100 million shares outstanding for the year. The averaging effect is really modest, and we were just a very modest amount, over 100 before. We're a modest amount below 100 now.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. But just to be clear, that does assume that you buy back shares with the proceeds?
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. Yes. Yes.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, all right. Just want to make sure we have the guidance right. The other thing is...
Mitchell R. Butier: Go ahead.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I'm sorry?
Mitchell R. Butier: No. Thank you for clarifying if I wasn't clear. So I appreciate that.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: No problem. The other thing is -- with the RFID growth moderating in the second quarter, do you think it can actually turn negative in the second quarter?
Dean A. Scarborough: I suppose it's possible because we had very strong growth last year. I haven't really looked at it quarter by quarter. We still think RFID growth will be 10% to 20% this year, something like that, maybe 10% to 30%. So again, quarter by quarter, that's very difficult to be that precise.
Mitchell R. Butier: The key question is, we know what's going away as far as the buildup of 1 retailer that got a lot of demand last year, it's the ramp up of additional programs and so forth, and that -- the time -- predicting the exact timing of that can be challenging.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And just lastly on RBIS, I think -- Dean, I think you mentioned -- I think you said mid-single-digit growth in Europe in RBIS in the first quarter?
Dean A. Scarborough: So for retailers and brands that are based in Europe, correct.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. Okay, and I mean, are you just with the right retailers or what would you attribute that to? Maybe we're mixing weak European headlines and the environment's better or is it just you're with the right customers?
Dean A. Scarborough: We have lower relative market share in Europe. So I think part of it is -- there's several factors. One is yes, we are with the right retailers. Some of these brands also that we serve tend to be global, even though they're based in Europe. So think of someone like Adidas for example. And so it's really difficult for us to figure out exactly where all their products are shipped. So we just characterize them as European source retailer. And I sense, we don't have the import data yet, is that we're continuing to take market share in Europe and there is RFID activity going on in Europe ramping up as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas with JP Morgan Securities.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Silke Kueck for Jeff. I was wondering if you can discuss where the strength in the domestic pressure sensitive business is coming from? And that is any -- does any of the players selling into the North American packaging markets have reported pretty poor results so far, whether it's PPGs packaging business, or, of course, can business. And so, I think low single-digit volume growth is pretty good so I was wondering how you did that?
Dean A. Scarborough: I'm not actually sure I'd answer the question. I think...
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Did you gain share? No?
Dean A. Scarborough: We don't have any share data yet, Silke for the U.S. business. I do think that -- so I can't really estimate that. We did have low single-digit sales growth in the quarter. We had been taking some market share in North America in the last couple of quarters. So some of that is probably just a lapping factor is that most of our market share gains came in the back half of the year. I think anything else would be highly speculative at this point.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. In terms of cost savings, what was the run rate in the quarter? Are you at $22 million or $23 million a quarter already, something like that?
Mitchell R. Butier: As far as the restructuring program?
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes.
Mitchell R. Butier: We're at net of the some transition cost that we had in the quarter were at $15 million in the quarter, which would equate roughly to a $60 million, $65 million annualized run rate.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And your goal is just to get to $100 million by the end of the second quarter?
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, by the middle of this year.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. What is your target for RFID revenue in the RBIS business for this year? If I remember it right, maybe it was close to $100 million last year and I was wondering what your target is for this year?
Dean A. Scarborough: So I think we announced we'd hit about $100 million run rate by the end of last year, and we're expecting anywhere from 10% to 30% growth in RFID sales in total for 2013.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And the last question I have is on raw materials. It seems that propylene prices are really coming off sharply again. And have you noticed big decreases in the derivatives materials that you've purchased as well?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we definitely saw some inflation especially in North America during the first quarter and which wasn't surprising giving input costs were going up during that period of time.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And all of that should have disappeared by now, right?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, I hope it does. But I -- it's still -- there is a lag time between the time those input costs change and when we get a benefit or an increase. And there's also supply and demand factors that impact those rates as well.
Mitchell R. Butier: I think overall, the story is very similar to what we said last quarter, Silke. It's relatively stable and we're seeing some inflation in some of the specialty materials that we buy and some deflation in some other specialty items. But overall, pretty much stable.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call back over to you.
Dean A. Scarborough: Okay, thanks. Well, I'd just like to say I'm pleased with the start of the year. We delivered at the high-end of our revenue range for the year, met our expectations for earnings and received regulatory clearances for the sale of DES and OCP. We are committed to meeting our long-term targets of 3% to 5% revenue growth and 15% to 20% EPS growth, while generating substantial free cash flow so that we can return more to shareholders. I'd like to thank the entire team at Avery Dennison for a good start to 2013. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-30 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Mitchell R. Butier - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Glenn Primack Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Ended December 29, 2012. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time of February 1. To access the replay, please dial 1 (800) 633-8284, or for international callers, please dial 1 (402) 977-9140. The conference ID number is 21610811. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Today, we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited fourth quarter and full year 2012 results. Please note that unless otherwise indicated, today's discussion will be focused on our continuing operations. The company's Office and Consumer Products business is classified on our income statement as a discontinued operation. Please also note that, unless otherwise indicated, prior period amounts referenced in today's earnings release, supplemental materials and on this teleconference call have been realigned to reflect the company's new operating structure, including our new corporate expense allocation method. Within our new operating structure, the company's Performance Tapes business is now reported as part of the Pressure-sensitive Materials segment; RFID is now entirely within Retail Branding and Information solutions; Designed and Engineered Solutions, or DES, which is contracted to be sold to CCL Industries, is included in results of continuing operations and the company's 2013 guidance. DES will be reported as a discontinued operation in the company's first quarter 2013 report. Office and Consumer Products, also contracted to be sold to CCL Industries, remains reported in the company's discontinued operations. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP in Schedules A-2 to A-5 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mitch Butier, Senior Vice President and CFO. I'll now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Eric. I'm pleased to start with the news that we've agreed to sell 2 businesses, Office and Consumer Products and Designed and Engineered Solutions, to CCL industries. As we mentioned last October, we received expressions of interest in Office and Consumer Products as soon as we terminated the agreement with 3M. CCL was one of the interested parties and wanted to buy both businesses. We're pleased we were able to reach an agreement that is positive for both companies. I won't go through all the details in the press release, but I do want to note that the purchase price is $500 million, and the expected net proceeds are approximately $400 million. We'll use the proceeds primarily for share repurchases and an additional pension contribution. CCL is an important partner for us in our Materials business. The deal includes a 5-year supply agreement with CCL, which is an important part of the value to us going forward. We believe it's an excellent deal for both companies and for Avery Dennison shareholders. We expect to complete the transaction midyear once we get regulatory approvals and satisfy the usual closing conditions. The sale will be a significant step toward focusing the company on 2 core businesses to drive higher growth rates and returns. Now, I'll talk about the financial results for the quarter and full year. We delivered a strong earnings improvement on solid sales growth in 2012. We also delivered strong free cash flow and returned $346 million to shareholders through an increased dividend and share repurchases, which totaled 7% of our outstanding shares. A significant accomplishment in 2012 was the refocusing of the company through our restructuring initiative. This program will enhance our competitive position and strengthen our ability to increase returns, even in a soft economic environment. This program has involved every business. As you know, we combined RFID inlay manufacturing with Retail Branding and Information Solutions. We integrated Graphics and Reflective Solutions into Label and Packaging Materials. We also moved our Performance Tapes business into Materials, as it shares some operating processes and systems with Labeling and Packaging Materials. We moved corporate R&D into the businesses to bring innovators closer to the customers they serve, and we ended investment in several small non-core growth platforms. We continue to execute against our long-term strategy for the reduction of RBIS' footprint and overall cost structure. Finally, we changed the relationship between the corporate center and the businesses and streamlined the corporate organization. We have moved resources and support functions into the businesses and reduced activities at the center. We've realigned our segments to reflect this new operating structure. We've also adopted a new methodology for allocating corporate expense that reflects this new structure. We are on track, not only to achieve more than $100 million of annualized savings, but also to accelerate decision-making and to operate more effectively. Now for the businesses. Pressure-sensitive Materials had solid sales growth for the year and expanded margins. Label and Packaging Materials strengthened its leadership position in all regions, delivering solid sales growth in North America throughout 2012, and double-digit growth in emerging markets after a weak first quarter. Despite a challenging economy in Europe, we achieved a modest increase in sales there as well. LPM also exceeded its target for sales of new products and launched another 14 innovations at Labelexpo this past fall. Combined sales of Graphics and Reflective Products were up slightly over 2011. We saw strong results in Reflective globally. While sales for Graphics declined in Europe, not surprising for this more economically sensitive product line, we did experience solid growth for these products in both North America and Asia. And we're already seeing savings from the integration of these businesses into LPM. I want to highlight Label and Packaging Materials' excellent operating performance. The team continued to drive down production costs and improved quality and productivity. They increased working capital efficiency for the fourth year in a row and ended 2012 with record-high inventory turns. Their efficiency and productivity were key drivers in maintaining LPM's high returns. Retail Branding and Information Solutions ended the year with 2 strong quarters that offset a difficult first half. Organic net sales growth in the fourth quarter was 10%, which helped bring full year growth up to 3%. The growth in the second half was driven by improved market conditions, share gains in the core business and terrific growth in RFID and exterior embellishments, the 2 most important growth programs at RBIS. The team did an outstanding job with RFID in 2012, increasing sales by more than 60%. Integrating RFID inlay manufacturing into RBIS enabled the business to meet a substantial increase in demand and generated a significant profit improvement. The RFID business is solidly profitable now. We ended 2012 with an annual run rate for RFID sales above $100 million, and we expect to see continued growth in demand during 2013. RBIS expanded its adjusted operating margin for the year by 120 basis points to 5.2%, which is still below our target range of 8.5% to 9.5%. We expect to make additional progress in 2013 as we lower fixed costs by reducing the manufacturing footprint and continuing to drive share gain through innovation, speed of service and quality. Now for the outlook. Our guidance for 2013 continues to reflect caution above the top line. We were encouraged by our sales growth in the back half of 2012, but given the mixed economic environment and the short lead times we work with, we're not sure how far this second half momentum will carry over. But even with modest sales growth, we expect 15% to 35% earnings growth in 2013, as well as strong free cash flow, and we remain committed to returning most of that cash to shareholders. Thanks. And now, I'll hand it over to Mitch.
Mitchell R. Butier: Thanks, Dean. As you can see, we had a solid year, with adjusted earnings per share growth of 20%, reflecting strong performance in Pressure-sensitive Materials, solid progress in RBIS, the early results of our restructuring program and accretion from share repurchases. For the year, we delivered organic sales growth of 4%, adjusted EPS of $2.08 and free cash flow from continuing operations of $312 million, all in line with our long-term targets and at the upper end of the guidance that we set at the beginning of the year. With leverage in our targeted range and with our consistently strong free cash flow, we continue to deliver on our commitment to return cash to shareholders. In fact, we returned nearly all of our free cash flow to shareholders in 2012, through both dividends and the repurchase of 7.9 million shares, or as Dean mentioned, about 7% of our outstanding shares. In the fourth quarter, we delivered strong results with adjusted EPS of $0.54 and organic sales growth of approximately 7%. Sales came in stronger than expected with the vast majority of the quarter's growth coming in November and December. A shift in the timing of our fiscal year end also added about 1 point of growth in the quarter. Adjusted operating margin in the quarter grew 170 basis points, as the benefit of higher volume and productivity initiatives more than offset higher employee-related expenses and the impact of changes in product mix, specifically in PSM. The net impact of raw material input cost and pricing continued to be neutral in the quarter. Now we've been talking about our cost-reduction program that will structurally reduce our overhead costs and save more than $100 million annually. We're on track and continue to expect to achieve our savings target by the middle of this year. These actions will increase our ability to deliver our targeted earnings growth regardless of market conditions. The actions we've taken, which include consolidation of operations and streamlining of the corporate center, are reflected in the adjustments we've made to segment and corporate expense reporting. Operating executives are now directly accountable for externally-reported segment results, while gaining greater control over certain functional costs that had been previously controlled from the center. The net effect from a reporting perspective is higher corporate expense, offset by a corresponding reduction in costs allocated to the segments. Note that this adjustment in allocation methodology has been reflected by an increase in our long-term segment margin targets. Turning to the segments. Pressure-sensitive Materials sales were up 6% on an organic basis in the fourth quarter, primarily reflecting solid growth in North America and emerging markets. Label and Packaging Materials sales grew mid-single digits, with mid-single-digit growth in North America, low single-digit growth in Western Europe and low double-digit growth in emerging markets. Combined sales for other product lines, that is Graphics, Reflective and Performance Tapes, were up mid-single digits. PSM's adjusted operating margin improved 100 basis points to 8.7% (sic) [7.8%] as the benefit of higher volume and productivity initiatives more than offset the impact of product mix and higher employee-related expenses. Retail Branding and Information Solutions sales grew 10% with about 1/2 of the growth coming from RFID and the remainder being driven primarily by strong growth at North American retailers and brands. Overall, we believe we continue to gain share in both the U.S. and Europe. Sales of RFID products more than doubled in the fourth quarter and grew about 60% for the full year, a pace that is expected to moderate somewhat as a major retailer recently decided to slow the pace of their RFID adoption. RBIS' adjusted operating margin improved 270 basis points to 6.2%, as the benefit of higher volume and productivity initiatives more than offset higher employee-related expenses. Sales in our other specialty converting businesses grew 15%, with DES being the primary driver. And adjusted operating margin improved by more than 12 points to 6.4%, due primarily to the higher volume. In May of last year, we established long-term targets for the company and the operating segments, as shown on Slides 12 and 13. These targets represent a balance of aspiration and pragmatism, and we are committed to delivering them. As I said earlier, we achieved the targets for the company in 2012. Moving onto the outlook for 2013. We expect adjusted 2013 earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.40 to $2.80 and free cash flow from continuing operations of $275 million to $325 million. This guidance is based on a number of assumptions, including the key listed factors. To comment on a few. Our estimate for organic sales growth in 2013 is 1% to 4%. This reflects our business in the U.S. being flat to up 2%; Western Europe, flat to down 2%; and emerging markets, up 5% to 7%. Obviously, the macro environment remains uncertain and we continue to have limited forward visibility. Based on recent exchange rates, currency translation is expected to have a modest benefit to reported sales growth and EBIT. We expect to realize an incremental pretax benefit of approximately $70 million from our restructuring program. The minimum pension requirement for 2013 is $60 million. In addition to the required minimum, we anticipate using a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of OCP and DES to make an additional pension contribution. Any such additional pension contribution is excluded from our definition of free cash flow, and therefore, not reflected in our guidance. Average fully diluted shares outstanding for 2013 are assumed to be approximately $100 million. And it is important to note that our guidance includes the anticipated operating results of DES in continuing operations and excludes the effect on the share count of any share repurchases made with the net proceeds from the divestitures. So in summary, the fourth quarter represented a strong finish to a solid year in which we delivered full year organic growth of 4% and adjusted EPS growth of 20%. With the sale of OCP and DES, we've increased the focus of the company. Our 2 core businesses are market leaders and are well positioned for profitable growth and increasing returns. Our cost reduction program to save more than $100 million is on track and positions us for strong earnings growth in 2013. And our continued cost and capital discipline enable us to maintain our financial strength and return more cash to shareholders, all of which demonstrate our commitment to delivering on our long-term targets, including our expectation of adjusted EPS growth of 15% to 35% in 2013. I would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question, from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess, first question I had, to the extent that you have visibility into this, you're not the only company that we've talked with during earnings season thus far that said they saw a pickup in November and December. What are your customers, to the extent that they have visibility, relating this pickup to? And then I had a couple of follow-ons.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, George. I'd start first with Retail Branding and Information Solutions. We had a very strong quarter, especially the back couple of months. I attribute it to basically, retailer confidence about the spring season as well. So we have a good market and as well as we were taking some market share, as well as strong RFID rollout. All those were factors. So it was nice to see, frankly. And I think for Materials, fundamentally, the business, it grew about the same in the fourth quarter as it did in the third quarter, overall. It's very, very close. I don't sense there was any -- anything abnormal about the fact that November and December were a little stronger. I really can't attribute it to anything specific.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. But on RBIS, the implication would be that your customers are feeling a little bit better about consumer confidence and consumer's willingness to spend back in -- well, in the upcoming springtime season, that's the conclusion.
Dean A. Scarborough: Definitely. Unit costs for apparel are down and so retailers buy on dollars, not necessarily units. And obviously, they do on both. So they're bringing in more units than they did last year.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Second question I had, just -- you mentioned it, so it's worth questioning. The retailer who was driving RFID within their organization, and then has now decided to decelerate some. To the extent that you can comment for them, which, in this kind of forum, what was behind that? And then I had a question on Vancive in terms of how you're going to manage that business on a going-forward basis, whether it's core or not.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. So on the RFID business, actually, this is fairly typical when we do retailer rollouts. Retailers will sample a few categories. They'll expand into new categories. Sometimes they'll eliminate the program in other categories. It really depends on what their expectations are. I'll just tell you from our own kind of forecast for the year, some of this was anticipated. And we still expect to have year-over-year growth in 2013 because we have a number of new programs that are scaling up. So I wouldn't read much into that. It'll be -- it should be okay. As far as Vancive Medical Technologies, fundamentally, this is a carve-out of a business we've had in our Performance Tapes for a number of years. It's a medical wound care product category where we use a lot of our adhesive technology to -- in which we launched a lot of new products here. So I would characterize this business as a very small growth platform at this point. It's under $100 million in sales. We've been investing in the business, have a lot of new product launches that should start to come to fruition in 2013. So I would just say it's a nice, solid adjacency to our core Materials businesses that we've carved out and are just managing a little bit differently.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Robert W. Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Looking at the EPS range for '13, $2.40 to $2.80, is it just volumes that is the main variable between the low end and the high end? And how should we think about raw material inflation, particularly for the first quarter, given the sequence of price increases in the resin complex?
Mitchell R. Butier: So as far as the range, volume is obviously a key factor in the move between $2.40 and $2.80. Also, it is just what the trends are around -- within that volume, if we prefer to break it down, which categories we see the most growth in. So as you've -- we've talked about the last 2 quarters, we've had higher-than-average growth in some lower-margin categories, in Pressure Sensitive, so it would just depend on the product mix within next year as well. As far as the raw material costs, we -- there's been some movement in a couple of categories. But overall, relatively modest. We're working to manage it. We don't have any significant change as far as the net impact between price and raw material costs baked into our guidance for '13 versus '12.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Then, Dean, I think last quarter, you mentioned some share gains in RBIS. Was that -- did that accelerate in 4Q or is it pretty steady in terms of the run rate and most of the improvement was just the improvement at the end market level?
Dean A. Scarborough: We don't -- in the third quarter, I would say, based on the data we had, I'm confident in saying we did have some share gain. We don't have all the import data yet for Q4, so it's hard to really ascertain. I would say, for sure it's a combination of better market growth as well as RFID. It's too early to say if our share gain accelerated in the quarter or not. I do think we took some share. It's hard to nail that down.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, and then just one final one on the DES sale. So post the sale, you're already doing a pretty broad-based cost reduction program. Is there more to do after the DES sale?
Dean A. Scarborough: No. I said DES is a relatively small part of the business, so I never say no to, is there other productivity that we could take. But there's nothing significant planned at this point.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just looking at the long-term operating margin targets, you mentioned you took those up a little bit due to the change in how you allocate corporate expense. I just would have thought, especially with RBIS, there might have been some impact for moving the RFID inlay business into this segment, maybe pushing the margins down a little bit. Is that the case? Is that the way we should think about that? And then, on the PSM business, any impact from the move there?
Dean A. Scarborough: I'd say for RFID, is now solidly profitable, so really no fundamental change in the margin target. It's still relative -- it's still small also relative to the size of RBIS. And I make the same comment in -- by moving Performance Tapes into Pressure-sensitive Materials. That business is -- operates at above the cost of capital. It's a good business, et cetera, et cetera. So no major shifts.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And as you roll out RFID to new customers, is there a significant equipment component of the sale process, or is that something you rely on outside partners for? How does that sort of work into the outlook?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. There is some equipment, but we're basically 90% consumables. It's all about the tags and the labels we sell, so it's relatively minor, Scott.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Just lastly on your returning capital to all your stakeholders. Has anything changed in the quarter around the desire to sort of improve your debt rating outlook so that you're comfortably in high yield -- I mean, a high grade credit versus returning share -- cash to shareholders?
Mitchell R. Butier: Nothing's improved in the quarter. As far as our overall intent and objectives, we said we want to have a strong balance sheet, good financial health and that's very consistent. We continue to improve our ratios modestly over time. We -- one thing, when we talk about our financial ratios, we talk about simple net debt-to-EBITDA. Obviously, that's a proxy for our total leverage, which includes the pension. And so when we divest these businesses, the way we're going to de-lever is by topping up the pension.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. When you had launched the restructuring program, it sounded like a lot of it was to help combat what you were seeing in terms of inflation in some of the emerging markets, as well as some of even your core markets. I guess, what I'm wondering is on the $70 million of incremental saves that you expect this year, how much of that do you expect to be offset by that inflation? Has it -- and has that directionally improved or worsened relative to kind of where we were last year when you launched the program?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, John. I think the notion of inflation really impacts RBIS, because we have a lot of employees in developing markets that have a high inflation rate. So the answer to the question depends a lot on volumes. So we need about 1.5% growth in RBIS to offset the inflation factor, so -- then our incremental margin accretion happens after that, about 1.5% growth factor. So it's really an RBIS issue, it's not a total company issue.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then on the RFID growth, I know you said it was -- it would probably be a little bit more moderate this year because of one of the big customers, I guess, is slowing up their program. But you had 60% growth, like can you maybe bracket what you think is more moderate for this year? How should we be thinking about that business given that it's kind of reached a tipping point in terms of size?
Dean A. Scarborough: Oh, gosh. That's the $64,000 question. I'd say in the 10% to 30% range.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, okay. Fair enough. And then in terms of the platform and how we think about RFID, when you get new adopters of it in terms of stores, chains, what have you, is there a big initial inventory pickup just to kind of build inventory so there is -- just because they're starting the platform, or is it really just kind of on an as-needed kind of type of pull. How should we think about how that ramps up?
Dean A. Scarborough: So the way retailers do this is that they start asking their vendors to tag new items that are going into the stores with RFID rather than doing some -- in the test, a lot of times it's done in the retailers' DCs, but they quickly shift to having vendors do it. So what they do is phase it in as new products come into the store. That's typically the way it's managed. So for us, it doesn't require a lot of inventory build. It does sometimes put a little bit of strain on our capacity. But we manage through that quite well, I think.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In your other current liabilities, sequentially it went up about $34 million. What was that? And is that something that comes down in the first quarter of 2013?
Mitchell R. Butier: So there's a few things hitting the other accrued liabilities. You have your rebate accruals, which tend to build up throughout the year; variable compensations, so annual bonus, which tends to build throughout the year. You also have the impact of currency. The currency rate for the euro went up within the quarter as well, so a number things. So to answer your question, it's a number of factors building it, the first 2 factors I mentioned would have it come back down again in the first quarter. If you recall, Jeff, our cash flow is rather seasonal. Q1 is the lowest, it's actually negative. One, that's because we're building working capital, traditionally for OCP, but also for RBIS, but it's also when we pay out bonuses and pay out some rebates.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And I don't mean to ask a nave question, but you put the RFID inlay manufacturing into RBIS and you've described the business, I think, as $100 million business-or-so, a run rate of. But there's not really very much pro forma sales change between the previous RBIS numbers and the current RBIS numbers?
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. That's because most of the RFID sales, the one vertical that was really taking off, was in apparel, so through the RBIS channel. So RBIS was procuring all the RFID inlays from our RFID division. So that's one of the reasons we've integrated it, just because that's the biggest vertical that's taking off, just to streamline the operations.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So that would mean -- so that's why it's a relatively small revenue change?
Mitchell R. Butier: It's small in the revenue and you'll see a bigger impact on the margins.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, your volume growth was pretty strong for the quarter and sometimes you're inclined to say that your businesses are a leading indicator. But at the same time, you wish to be conservative for various reasons for 2013. But if you put conservatism aside, and you just look at the tenor of business of the fourth quarter and tenor of business as we go into 2013, say, for the first quarter, when you look at your data, are your business trends similar to the fourth quarter or have they slowed down? And I realize it's early in the quarter.
Dean A. Scarborough: I'd say, Jeff, I remember 2011, we were coming off a strong year. In 2010, we were pretty bullish. We had a good first quarter. And then the bottom fell out of all of our businesses in the second quarter because we don't have that visibility. So I think we are a little bit conservative. January, it's been strong so far. But here again, here's one reason why: And simply, that Chinese New Year was in week 4 of last year, so it was in January. And this year it's in week 7, so it's in February. So we expect to have a strong January. February will be weaker than last year because of Chinese New Year and then we won't really understand where the trends are until a couple of weeks after that. So it's really difficult to predict based on the first 4 weeks of the year.
Mitchell R. Butier: And just to add a little bit to that, if you look, pulling China aside, so far what we're seeing is North America up somewhat and Europe actually down. So that's consistent with our full year guidance. That's when I gave the regional outlook as well. And one thing, when you look, it's important to remember core growth. We did say that change in our fiscal year end added about 1 point of growth. So if you adjust for that, our core growth was relatively consistent for the whole quarter, with Q3.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And when you get your $400 million in net proceeds, will all of that be consumed by share repurchase and pension pay down?
Mitchell R. Butier: Primarily, so that's where the 2 primary areas of focus will be. We have -- we know how much we want to de-lever and then we are going to make the final determination about how much exactly the pension versus reported.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Todd Wenning with Morningstar.
Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Looking back, you made some opportunistic share repurchases in the first 3 quarters of 2012, but your buyback activity trailed off in the fourth quarter, sort of concurrent with the higher share price. With your stock now having made a really nice run in the recent past months, what effect will that have on your strategy going into 2013?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, Todd. We don't comment on the timing of share repurchases.
Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: But in the sense of, are you looking at it from a valuation perspective, or can you give any color there?
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, so as we've said before, so we don't comment on the timing or amount of share repurchases, but we look at a number of factors when evaluating the pace and speed with which we repurchase. So one is the timing of free cash flow. One is also just the intrinsic value of the stock relative to where it's trading and including recent trends, as well as just looking at the other uses of capital, looking at what the dividend yield is that we have to pay versus cost of debt and so forth. So that's the overall assumption. As you can see, our average share count for the year implies a degree of share repurchases.
Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Great. And so what's your take on where the North American PSM industry stands in terms of capacity and how could that -- might that affect pricing going into the new year?
Dean A. Scarborough: There really haven't been any substantial additions to capacity in the market. There was growth in the market last year, so I think it's fundamentally no different in 2013 than it was in 2012.
Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And do you have an outlook for R&D spending in 2013?
Dean A. Scarborough: Nothing specific, I'd say. As you know, we sort of had 2 vectors here. One vector is we closed our corporate research center. We're moving some activities into the businesses. And the other -- and so I would say in the U.S., we're probably -- that number will be down year-over-year, but we're expanding in China and India. So I'm not sure how it nets up. It won't be a material difference in our R&D spending year-over-year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question is from the line of Glenn Primack with PEAK.
Glenn Primack: In RBIS, is there room to continue to add the digital printers? And then can you remind us what the return -- the payback is on one of those when you put it in your system? And then, also on RBIS, have you been successful at all at solution selling?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. So do we have room for more digital presses? Yes, in fact, we're buying more now and putting them in our operations. They actually take up a lot less room than the offset presses they're replacing. So it's, actually digital printing is one of the things that allows us to help us reduce the overall footprint that we have in Retail Branding and Information Solutions. We get good payback from the investment in digital printing. I don't really want to comment on an amount. It's -- but it's pretty good. I'm sorry, you had a third question there, which I've forgotten.
Glenn Primack: Solution selling within RBIS, have you been able to do that with the customer on the total...
Dean A. Scarborough: I'm really pleased with the progress of our commercial teams in Retail Branding and Information Solutions. I'd say, 5 years ago, we were primarily talking to, what's known as a trim buyer in the apparel companies or the retailers, just really talking about tickets, tags and labels. And now, we are talking to CEOs or CIOs about how we can help them manage their inventories and help improve their gross profit through a wide range of solutions ranging from RFID to price markdown implementation in the stores to more effective heat transfer labeling in factories. So it is quite different. We're still in the early stages, so we have a long way to go. But I'm very, very pleased with our progress.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the question on RBIS. You referenced retailer confidence ticking up. But I think in previous quarters, when you've seen a little bit better growth, you've indicated retailers are still keeping inventory ratios very tight and want to keep the inventories lean. Are you seeing or did you see in the fourth quarter any kind of really inventory restocking effects or is the strength that you saw in the quarter really just better volumes and some share gain?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, it could be, inventory-to-sales ratio, we track that pretty closely, has remained pretty much in the same range it has for the last 18 months, so it hasn't changed much. The retailers are keeping inventories low. I do think we get a benefit from lower unit costs from apparel right now. So it tends to be a few more units. And the focus on retailers to keep inventory down actually helps us in the sense that RFID is essentially an inventory control solution, for example, and the fact that we can respond very, very quickly to retailers for restocking also helps us gain share. So the trend, in fact, I think really helps our overall business. There is still some uncertainty in the market. I mean, we grew in Europe from European retailers and brands, the last couple of quarters and I'm still a bit nervous of what's going to happen over there. So it's still early in the year yet.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then your 2013 CapEx guidance is ratcheted up a bit from 2012. Can you just walk us through what portion is kind of growth versus maintenance and maybe what businesses are getting the biggest incremental investment?
Mitchell R. Butier: The ratio is still roughly the same, as we've said before. So it's about 1/3 growth, principally being in emerging markets, capital requirements; 1/3 maintenance for mature markets; and 1/3 IT.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: In terms of emerging market margins for Pressure-sensitive Materials, while you can't get into the specifics perhaps, can you tell us what the trend has been over the last year to 2 years? Have you been able to maintain the margin that you've had in that business? And what's the outlook to the extent that you can comment in 2013? And then I have a housekeeping question.
Dean A. Scarborough: So George, emerging market margins for Pressure-sensitive Materials are still above average. We have changed our strategy a bit in emerging markets in that we are going after business in some lower-margin, but still very profitable categories. So we're kind of accelerating growth, taking a little more market share, but still, the overall margins and returns are still above the average.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just why the shift in the strategy, Dean? What's behind that?
Dean A. Scarborough: I think a lot of it has to do with making sure that you don't allow your competitors to gain a foothold in kind of lower-priced, easier-to-make products and then kind of try to work their way up the chain. We've established very strong, competitive positions, especially in higher value-added products like film and durable goods. And I think as we talked about how we want to behave in those markets, there is clearly an opportunity for us to grow faster than the market. And it's profitable and it's simply just a, I'd say, a minor shift in our mindset.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. The housekeeping question, maybe you'd mentioned this before and I had missed it. If so, I apologize. What's the logic for keeping DES in your guidance for the time being? It's obviously not going to be that large in terms of EBIT, just looking at the other specialty converting EBIT. But I was wondering, what was behind that? And then, once that ultimately leaves or maybe even before then, why wouldn't you put Vancive in Pressure-sensitive Materials since you put other specialty tapes in there as well? I realized it's a health care-bent company or business, but nonetheless, it would seem like it would be more PSM than stand-alone, especially when it gets to that size in the segment.
Dean A. Scarborough: Okay, George, the DES, I think we're trying to be consistent here with the accounting. So DES technically can't be moved into disc ops until after the first quarter has gone by. And we're likely to keep that business in -- it's going to be in the company for a couple of quarters. And so, we wanted the comps to 2012 to be easier to do. Also, the share count excludes buyback from the sale as well. So when we upgrade the guidance, when we move DES into disc ops, we'll also likely make some comments about share count, et cetera. So we're trying to be relatively consistent there. The question on segment reporting and Vancive is an interesting one, because it's actually a very technical question and there's a lot of accounting, et cetera, et cetera. Fundamentally, we believe that business is sufficiently different enough from Materials that it needs to report in the Other segment. It also reports directly to me. It does not report into the leader of our Materials business, and that is one major factor in why you have to report it in one segment or another.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. But we should view Vancive as, it's nonetheless small, a core business for you?
Dean A. Scarborough: It is. I feel it's a core business and it has opportunity for growth. We're making investments in the business, and it's a nice business with some great growth potential.
Operator: Our next follow-up question is from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just 2 follow-ups on RBIS and then one additional question. So just on RBIS, I think you mentioned you thought there was improved demand from U.S. and European retailers in the quarter. I just want to maybe flesh that out. How much of that is underlying demand improvement versus the lower cotton prices that we talked about? And then as we roll that into 2013, how much of the guidance is predicated on increased unit volume from lower cotton prices?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, that's -- Scott, that's a really tough question to tease out, of how much is related to lower cotton prices versus confidence. I mean, it's an impossible number to derive. Here's the way we look at it. I think we didn't really see the benefit of lower apparel prices till the back half of the year. So my perspective is the comps will be relatively easier in the first half of 2013 and maybe slightly more difficult in the back half of 2013.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And the ordering that your company -- your customers are doing now, are they are still buying for spring?
Dean A. Scarborough: It's for the spring season. So the orders that we've taken, mainly in the fourth quarter, is really all about spring and summer.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But I mean, the orders in the first quarter, are those for spring as well or is that...
Dean A. Scarborough: So in March, April, we'll start to see some fall merchandise hit our order books.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And Dean, you mentioned the change in the compensation structure, in particular, with the head of the segments now more directly tied to your communications with the Street. Can you be a little bit more specific on that, how their compensation structure has actually changed?
Dean A. Scarborough: So the actual way they're compensated hasn't changed. But fundamentally, we had always held the businesses accountable for a set of EBIT targets. And those EBIT targets were less than what we reported externally. And so the businesses, I guess, didn't feel accountable for certain costs that were allocated to the businesses. So we decided to change that. And now there's -- I can tell you, the business heads pay a heck of a lot more attention to services they buy from the center or other cost allocations. And part of the restructuring plan was the businesses saying, "I don't really want this service," or "I want it at a lower level." And as a way to better prioritize around the specific needs of the business, rather than trying to do it at an average in the corporate center. So I think it's driven better prioritization and better decision-making, especially given the fact that RBIS and Materials are such different businesses at different -- they sell them to different markets, different competitive dynamics, and therefore, have different priorities. So I actually think this is a much better methodology of prioritizing investments in our business. Okay. Well, I guess there are no other questions. Just to sum up, we're very pleased to announce the deal for Office and Consumer Products and Designed and Engineered Solutions this morning. We'll work with CCL to plan the transition and complete the transaction as quickly as possible. Last May, we set out our long-term goals for you and committed to focusing the company to ensure we can deliver on them. We accomplished a great deal of that work in 2012. Our employees did a remarkable job of serving customers and improving quality and service while executing our restructuring plans, and I want to thank them for their efforts and their dedication. But while we're pleased with the progress we made so far, we know we have more to do and we're focused 100% on completing the restructuring and delivering another year of double-digit earnings growth and strong free cash flow. Thank you, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-24 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Mitchell R. Butier - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division Abhiram Rajendran - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Stephen C. Chick - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter Ended September 29, 2012. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, October 26. To access the replay, please dial 1 (800) 633-8284 or for international callers, please dial 1 (402) 977-9140. The conference ID number is 21543232. I would now like to turn the conference over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Today we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited third quarter 2012 results. Please note that unless otherwise indicated, today's discussion will be focused on our continuing operations. The company's Office and Consumer Products business is classified on our income statement as a discontinued operation. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP in Schedules A-2 to A-5 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mitch Butier, Senior Vice President and CFO. I'll now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Eric. I'm pleased to say we had a solid third quarter. Sales were up nearly 6% on an organic basis, the strongest organic growth we've had since the first quarter of 2011. Our strong top line results were driven by continued momentum in Pressure-sensitive Materials and a rebound in the core business of Retail Branding and Information Solutions, including the accelerating adoption of RFID by retailers. The impact of higher sales and significant productivity improvements drove higher adjusted operating profit. As a result, we raised our guidance for full year EPS. We are on track to hit our full year guidance for free cash flow. As you know, one priority is to return more cash to shareholders. And through the first 9 months of the year, we met that commitment with a dividend increase and by repurchasing 7.7 million shares. In total, we've returned $312 million of cash to shareholders in the first 3 quarters. Now turning to the businesses. Pressure-sensitive Materials had another solid quarter on both the top and bottom line. Label and Packaging Materials grew sales in every region with double-digit growth in emerging markets. We had a very successful Labelexpo in Chicago this year, launching more than 14 new products and winning the Labelexpo Green Award for our new Bottle-to-Bottle Film portfolio, which uses a special adhesive that enables more effective recycling of PET bottles. The Graphics and Reflective businesses also increased sales, and we have begun to see the savings from that integration with Labeling and Packaging Materials. RBIS delivered modest growth in sales in the early part of the third quarter, but then finished the quarter with a very strong September. Sales growth was strongest among U.S. retailers and brand owners, reflecting rising confidence about next year's spring season, coupled with lower cotton prices. Not surprisingly, end market demand in Europe remains weak, but we still delivered mid-single-digit sales growth among European retailers through share gains. In fact, we believe we are taking share in both the U.S. and Europe through improved service and new products, including our exterior embellishment. In addition, RFID sales to apparel retailers were up nearly 70% over last year. Item-level RFID is clearly accelerating. It took about 6 years to ship our first billion inlays, but we shipped the second billion in less than 18 months. Demand for RFID inlays in the RBIS business translated into a big improvement in profitability in the RFID division, which is reported as part of other specialty converting. I'm very pleased with our progress in RFID. At Office and Consumer Products, third quarter sales were roughly flat compared with prior year, and we saw improvement in underlying operating profit primarily through productivity gains. Obviously, we're disappointed that the proposed sale of Office and Consumer Products to 3M was terminated. We have restarted the sale process and have several interested buyers, both strategic and financial. That said, even if OCP isn't sold, we expect this business to continue to deliver solid free cash flow. Our restructuring initiative is on track to deliver more than $100 million of annualized savings by mid-2013. We are creating a leaner cost structure that is enhancing our competitive position and strengthening our ability to increase returns. Turning to the outlook. Our updated full year guidance reflects some caution about the top line. We had a very strong September, but that followed moderate growth in July and August. Given the short lead times we operate on, we'll need more time to call this a sustainable trend. Now the first 3 weeks of October look right on track with our -- the guidance that we provided in today's press release. Thanks. And now I'll hand it over to Mitch.
Mitchell R. Butier: Thanks, Dean. As noted, we had a solid quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $0.53, reflecting continued momentum in Pressure-sensitive Materials and solid progress in RBIS. Sales came in better than expected, and we delivered bottom line results at the high end of our expectations for the quarter. Net sales grew approximately 6% on an organic basis as RBIS experienced a rebound in demand, especially in September, and Pressure-sensitive Materials continued to recover from the slowdown in the middle of last year. Along with solid organic sales growth, adjusted operating margin increased 110 basis points as the benefit of higher volume and productivity initiatives more than offset higher employee-related expenses and the impact of unfavorable product mix. You'll recall that the higher employee-related expenses relate in part to higher bonus expense versus last year. We had unusually low bonus expense last year due to poor business performance. The net impact of raw material input cost and pricing was neutral in the quarter. Our year-to-date free cash flow in 2012 is significantly improved from last year due to lower bonus payments in the first quarter of 2012 versus first quarter 2011 and the continued strong management of working capital. We continue to be pleased with the capital discipline we've demonstrated over the past few years. Our net debt is lower than it was at this time last year. Consistent with our strategy of maintaining a strong balance sheet, net debt-to-EBITDA from continuing operations was 2x at quarter end and 1.8x including discontinued operations. With leverage in our targeted range and with our consistently strong free cash flow, we've continued to deliver on our commitment to return cash to shareholders. In the third quarter, we repurchased an additional 2.9 million shares at a cost of $86 million. We talked last quarter about our cost-reduction program that will structurally reduce our overhead cost and save more than $100 million annually. We're on track and we continue to expect to achieve these savings by mid-next year. Turning to the segments. Pressure-sensitive Materials sales were up 7% on an organic basis, an improvement in the year-on-year growth rate versus recent quarters, driven by continued momentum and the fact that we have now lapped the slowdown that began in the second quarter of last year. Label and Packaging Materials grew organically in all regions with mid-single-digit growth in North America, low single-digit growth in Western Europe and low teens growth in emerging markets. While sales growth benefited from easier comps to the prior year, volume continued to be good in absolute terms as well. Sales in Graphics and Reflective Solutions increased mid-single digits, driven primarily by sales in the Reflectives product line. PSM's adjusted operating margin improved 40 basis points in the quarter as the benefit of higher volume and productivity initiatives more than offset higher employee-related expenses and the impact of changes in product mix. Retail Branding and Information Solutions sales grew 7% on an organic basis, reflecting increased demand across most of our product lines, including another strong quarter in RFID. As Dean mentioned, the strong growth in the quarter appeared to be driven by retailer confidence in the U.S. and continued share gains in both the U.S. and Europe. As I said earlier, September was a particularly strong month and actually delivered the vast majority of the quarter's top line growth for this business. The fourth quarter will represent a better indicator of the strength of underlying demand. RBIS' adjusted operating margin improved 90 basis points as the benefit of productivity initiatives and higher volume more than offset higher employee-related expenses and the impact of changes in product mix due to strong RFID sales. Sales in our other specialty converting businesses declined 1% on an organic basis, due primarily to weak performance and performance pace. Despite the lower sales, adjusted operating margin improved 500 basis points driven by the increased RFID profitability. Note that the negative mix impact of RFID in the RBS -- RBIS segment is offset by the profitability generated by RFID in other specialty converting. Moving onto the outlook for 2012. I'll start by commenting on the key factors that we think will contribute to our guidance for the year. Our estimate for organic sales growth is now approximately 3%. This narrowing of the full year estimate is due to the fact that we only have one quarter to go. The macro environment remains uncertain, and we continue to have limited forward visibility. Based on recent exchange rates, the impact from currency on EBIT is now estimated to have an approximately $17 million negative impact versus 2011. Our estimates for the tax rate and capital expenditures remain unchanged for 2012 from what we shared with you last quarter. And as for pension, we expect that pension contributions in 2012 will be approximately $75 million now. Free cash flow from Office and Consumer Products in 2012 is expected to approximate $55 million before deal-related costs of about $10 million. Average fully diluted shares outstanding for 2012 is expected to be between 103 million and 104 million. The delay in the anticipated sale of OCP to next year has had a minimal impact on our original estimate of average shares outstanding in 2012. The share count at the end of the quarter was approximately 101 million on a fully diluted basis. So based on estimated sales, as well as other assumptions including the listed factors, we expect adjusted 2012 earnings per share from continuing operations of $2 to $2.05 and free cash flow from continuing operations of $280 million to $310 million. In summary, the third quarter was a solid one with better-than-expected top and bottom line performance. Our cost-reduction program to save more than $100 million is on track. And our continued cost and capital discipline enables us to maintain our dual commitment to financial strength and returning more cash to shareholders. In fact, we have already delivered $312 million to shareholders in the first 3 quarters of the year while maintaining leverage in our targeted range. Now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question from the line of George Staphos of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question I had, in RBIS, to the extent that your customers could comment and relay what they were seeing in the market, what was giving them more confidence in the spring selling season for 2013? And in general, what was behind the September pickup in demand?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, George, first of all, September usually is the start of the ordering season for the spring, so that's normal. This September...
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: No, I understand it, but it sounds like a year-on-year improvement.
Dean A. Scarborough: It was definitely a year-on-year improvement. So a couple of factors. We talked before about how high cotton prices impacted unit demand. Right now, apparel unit costs are about 10% less than they were in the first half of the year, mainly due to lower cotton and other raw material costs. Retailers buy -- when they buy in an open-to-buy, they buy on dollars, they don't buy on units necessarily. So what we're saying there is the impact of lower unit costs for apparel, so they're buying more. So it's the reverse effect of what we saw in 2011. In the U.S., there is more retailer confidence as they look at consumer confidence rising. So I think there's just a little bit more optimism, although I do believe that retailers are still going to keep their inventories under control because we have not seen a significant change in the outlook for -- in terms of the inventory-to-sales ratio. In Europe, I'd say there's more pessimism. But we have been able, with our new products and focusing on our innovation center, executed pretty good market share gains in Europe, so I'm pleased about that.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dean, Mitch, I'll ask a few questions and turn it over to follow on. Is there a way to quantify how important the RFID capability is in terms of RBIS' improvement and outlook? And then with Office Products, I realize you're obviously in discussions and hopeful of ultimately selling the business. Is there a time out in the future whereby if you don't find an offer that's acceptable, that you may consider bringing the business back as a continuing ops segment and when might that be?
Dean A. Scarborough: So RFID is increasingly becoming a part of the story. I'd say close to 1/3 of the growth that we had in the quarter was due to RFID adoption. I do want to make the point though that the core business of RBIS came back. And so it's not just an RFID story. RFID is definitely an add-on, and we do see an acceleration of adoption by major retailers. So we're feeling, I'd say, bullish about the impact on RFID and we're clearly well-positioned as the go-to player as companies implement item-level marking using RFID. So I'm happy about that. As far as Office and Consumer Products goes, we are doing 2 things in parallel. We clearly have the sale process underway. We have a number of interested buyers, both strategic and financial. And I'm hopeful we'll get more clarity about that. I'm hopeful that we'll have more clarity during the first quarter. These processes have a life of their own, so it's sometimes difficult to predict. At the same time, we are working very diligently to understand if we don't get a good offer for the business, how would we manage the business to optimize free cash flow over the next 4 to 5 years. We have not invested a lot of restructuring money in this business over the last couple of years because we're -- our #1 priority is to sell it. But in my mind, that restructuring plan and the cash that we can get provides a floor versus what we could potentially get in the sale process.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Ghansham Panjabi, Robert W. Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just to clarify on the RBIS strength in September. First of all, was that equally true in both Europe and in the U.S.? And then, Dean, when would we know whether this was pure pull forward of demand from 4Q, which I think is one of your stronger quarters versus underlying demand improvement?
Dean A. Scarborough: We'll probably know the answer to the pull forward in December because that's when sales start to taper off. I'd say right now, again, I'll just reiterate the first 3 weeks of October, pretty much across-the-board, are reflective of the guidance that we put into play. It's just -- we just won't know. We just don't have that much forward visibility.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got it. And then in PSM, a couple of consecutive quarters of nice positive growth and it seems pretty consistent across the major geographies. Can you just sort of give us an update on what you're seeing in the world? I mean, it seems to be very counterintuitive to what we're hearing from a lot of other companies with a lot more industrial exposure, so I'm just wondering why there's a deviation here?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, recall that we had somewhat easier comps year-over-year because we started to see a slowdown and we did have some share loss beginning with the second quarter of 2011. I think the teams have done a great job, though, of recapturing some of that share with some of our new innovative products as well as a focus on some certain product segments. We regained -- I feel, we don't have the numbers yet, but I feel pretty confident we've regained some of that market share. North American business, though, seems to me to be trending a little bit with the market in terms of we definitely hear from label converters in the U.S. business conditions are more positive than we hear from Europe. Although I have to say, most European customers, based on what I hear, their outlook is a lot more positive than when you read the Financial Times, which is focused probably mainly on the financial sector than it is kind of the basic operations and consumer sector.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got it. And just one final one on RFID. Where are you seeing the most momentum from a geographic basis? Is it Europe, North America, equal?
Dean A. Scarborough: It's North America right now.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just following up on that RFID question. Are you seeing most of the adoption within, say, the vertical retail channel or are you seeing it throughout the various retail segments that you cover? Can you just sort of give us some color there?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, the -- mainly in what we call premier and mid-market, which includes department stores, is probably the major driver right now. And then I would say following that would be vertical retail.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And is it really just loss prevention that you think is driving this, or is it more an idea that your customers want to control their inventory levels? What do you think is the driver?
Dean A. Scarborough: It's 90% all about inventory and making sure that you have exactly what you're supposed to have on the floor to enhance sales. And what we then find is that once retailers get those systems put into place, you can enable loss prevention at a very low incremental cost to that. So that comes as a secondary benefit.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And are you saying -- I think a lot of these retailers are actually using their stores more for their -- as warehouses for their e-commerce businesses. Is that -- have you heard that as a driver as well?
Dean A. Scarborough: I don't think that's the main driver. We do know that retailers, when they sell online and at the store, those stores become places where customers return things as well as pick them up. And so it actually provides, in a way, more opportunities for us because now re-marking items at a store is actually more important than it's been before. So we do have a number of solutions that we offer retailers that allow them to price mark and re-mark garments right in the store and it's very much synchronized with their overall systems.
Operator: Our next question from the line of John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
Abhiram Rajendran - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Abhi Rajendran sitting in for John. A couple of quick questions. On the restructuring, of the total savings in the restructuring program, could you maybe provide us with the run rate levels that you had at the end of the third quarter and maybe what level you think you'll exit the year with?
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, so we are -- what we provided last time is we said we expected about $15 million of the $100-plus million savings to hit this year. We're expecting a little bit more than that now to hit this year, closer to $20 million. And a lot of that's back-half weighted, so the run rate's obviously higher than that with the remainder of it hitting in 2013 and will be in the run rate by mid-next year.
Dean A. Scarborough: We do have some transition costs, though, that will also impact us in the back half of the year.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. So that $20 mil -- roughly $20 million is net of some transition costs. So if you look sequentially, Q4 versus Q3, there's actually the incremental savings you'd expect in Q4 versus Q3 is offset by some transition costs we have for one of the specific actions.
Abhiram Rajendran - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then just a quick follow-up. Earlier this year, you've kind of laid out a target of $1 billion to $1.5 billion to be returned to shareholders over the next several years. Could you maybe provide an update to this range kind of given the delay in separating OCP as well as maybe how this would be split up between buybacks, dividends?
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, we haven't provided an update to the range, but the way to think about this is if the sale does not go through, we've provided some data points for 2011, what the EBITDA was, you can see free cash flow for this year. So we will still have free cash flow for that 4-year period. But in addition to that, we would not need to deleverage as much as what was in that model because we still have the EBITDA from Office Products. So if you go through the math, you'd see that we're definitely looking at well over $1 billion of cash flow to distribute to shareholders over that time frame.
Operator: Our next question from the line of John Roberts of Buckingham Research Group.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Your tax rate used to be a lot lower before you sort of went through the dip and the regional shift in business. I don't expect it will change in the fourth quarter here. But as you get into 2013, has your mix shifted back enough for the back half of the year here that you might have a lower tax rate next year?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, so our tax rate isn't where it is right now and we're not providing guidance for next year. We did say as earnings go up, it will have a little bit of downward pressure on our income tax rate. The -- one of the biggest factors for us, though, and uncertainty for tax rates in the future is really around the repatriation of cash into the U.S. and what the laws will be prevailing over the coming years. So that'll have the biggest single impact. The cash tax rate, so how much cash we actually pay, had been in the upper 20s and have continued to trend down and we'd expect that still to be in that upper 20% range next year as well.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Silke Kueck with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Silke Kueck for Jeff Zekauskas. Have prices in the Pressure-sensitive Materials segment begun to reset given that raw material costs are also moving lower?
Dean A. Scarborough: I'd say the trend is fairly stable and we did lower -- I mean, on a year-over-year basis, we had used some surcharges in 2011 as a way to raise prices and some of those surcharges have rolled back definitely. But when you look on a net-net basis between pricing and material costs, essentially it's neutral.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So neutral means you don't think you had any margin expansion from raw material costs moving lower?
Dean A. Scarborough: No.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Do you expect to see any going forward if your prices hold stable?
Dean A. Scarborough: Depends on what raw material prices do. I'm expecting more of, I think, a stable raw material environment going forward. The big factor, actually, that we had in the quarter was more mix. We're growing faster in some of the paper and variable information product categories, which has a little bit of a downward impact on the margin. Still profitable business, just not as profitable as some of our films business.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And I also have an RFID-related question. My recollection is that your goal was to maybe have RFID item-level sales maybe at a run rate of $100 million, and I was wondering like how far you've gotten so far?
Dean A. Scarborough: We'll be pretty close on a run rate basis by the end of the year.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And like the way it works is if that the label itself is manufactured in other specialty converting and then it's sort of like transferred in some form, I guess, on a cost basis to the RBIS business. And so if I look at other specialty converting, is that business now breakeven or is it profitable? Or how do I think. . .
Dean A. Scarborough: It's profitable. Yes, just a -- so what we do is we buy chips and we make antennas and we attach the chips to the antennas and put it on a plastic, basically, a roll plastic. That plastic inlay, once it is delivered to RBIS and inserted into tag or care label, whatever the form factor is for the retailer, the RFID business has been profitable for 3 quarters in a row and I expect that to maintain on a go-forward basis.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then lastly, I was wondering what -- how much of the pension contributions that are required for this year have already been made?
Mitchell R. Butier: A majority of them have already been made for the year. Not all of them.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So you're like, I don't know, like you've made like a $50 million contribution already, something like that?
Mitchell R. Butier: We made something north of that. So most of them have been paid, but not all of them.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Chris Kapsch with Topeka Capital Markets.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I had a follow-up on the RBIS segment. I'm just wondering if you could qualify or even quantify how your margins for that item-level RFID business compares to sort of your -- the core products within the segment? And then, just curious if looking at that business and your goal to sort of double operating margin by 2015, wondering how important the growth in RFID plays into that sort of goal or projection?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, if you look at the RBIS segment alone, the actual margin percent for RFID is lower than the average, mainly because we're selling -- instead of instead of selling at a $0.01 to $0.02 tag, we're selling at a $0.09 to $0.10 tag. So the margins per unit are higher, but the margins on a percent basis are lower. Now that doesn't include the profit we get from making the inlays at the same time. So overall, I think, from a company perspective, it's good for us.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right. And it sounds maybe like your RBIS segment could beat up its supplier a little bit for a little bit better price, right?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we may -- they manage it today, so they'd be beating themselves up.
Christopher Kapsch - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right, okay. And then I just had a follow-up also on the commentary around market share in that segment. Obviously, there's -- one of your competitors has been sort of struggling and internally focused on rationalizing that business. So I'm just wondering if the nature of the share gains that you've seen is -- is it something that -- is it where you're doing something that customers are coming to you because you have a better proposition or is it really just a case here where one of your competitors is ceding share because they're in a rationalization mode?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we've been gaining market share over the last, I would say, 8 to 10 quarters and I believe it's because we fundamentally have been improving our value proposition. We've improved our service. We have more innovative new products out there like the external embellishments. We've invested in innovation and innovation center for customers to visit. So I think we've been doing a good job there. Clearly, there have been some customers that have come to us and said, we need some help. And so that's -- I would say it's a small part of our share gains during the quarter. It's certainly not the majority.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a follow-up on -- 2 follow-ups on OCP. One, you mentioned that you thought the process could play out into 1Q '13. I just wonder if maybe some of these potential bidders, whether strategic or financial, were in the process before such that the process could actually take less time this time around?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, that's exactly the case. And so we have a number of potential buyers that were in the first process. So I think for them it will be relatively rapid. And again, I'm always cautious. These processes always take a little bit longer than the bankers tell you that they take. So the last time, it took almost a year. So just a little over a quarter for me is certainly a shortened time frame.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just following up on George's question from earlier about bringing this business back into continuing ops. Is there anything from a regulatory standpoint where you have to bring this back into continuing ops at a certain point in time if the sale does not occur?
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, technically, after a 12-month period, but we've -- because we've restarted a new process, the clock starts again.
Operator: Our next question is also a follow-up from George Staphos, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dean, quick question. Just you mentioned surcharges rolling off that had been put into place in '11 over the course of this year. Would that suggest that there was some margin captured this year that might not reoccur in 2013 as we're thinking about the forecast, or is that really a nominal factor, if you will, as we look out to '13?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. There's so many factors that come in to impact the margin. I mean, so there's volume, there's mix, et cetera, et cetera. I don't think there'll be anything material in there, George.
Mitchell R. Butier: One of the things Dean mentioned earlier, George, is when we're talking year-over-year, recall we did lose some share, particularly in Europe last year. So part of that recovery is just recovering what was lost.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: No, I understand. But that would be separate from any incremental price that you'd had this year that you won't have next year. But again, hopefully, you'll offset that with the operating leverage from the share gain. Could you also discuss what the margins are for RFID within specialty converting? Are they above or below average relative to segment total?
Mitchell R. Butier: The segment -- our margins for RFID in other specialty converting, is that your question?
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Correct.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, so the margins are actually relatively high because you've got profitability without a whole lot of sales because the sales are actually eliminated within other specialty converting for what's sold to RBIS. So yes, they are higher than the average.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And could you remind us what  and that suggests that there's been a fair amount of drop-offs in that segment in other businesses given the economic choppiness over the last 2 to 3 years, could you remind us what's left in that business that's not RFID that was around, say, 3, 4 years ago as well?
Dean A. Scarborough: So we have our Performance Tapes business, our Design and Engineered Solutions business, so it's basically an industrial converting business and includes some things like stamps and batteries. And I don't think it's been -- there's not been a material change in those -- in the performance of those businesses. I mean, it's such a small segment. Or it's not even technically a segment, but it's so small that a little bit of change in profitability makes the margin swing by quite a bit. So I'll give you an example. We do postage stamps for the U.S. Postal Service. They ran out of money in the third quarter and so they didn't order anything. Now they're starting to order again. So that had given -- even in a small segment like that, it had an impact.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Understood. I guess the last question and I'll turn it over. Have you seen any impact -- any -- impact's not the right term. Have you seen any increases in capacity in Pressure-sensitive Material in a meaningful way in any of your geographies? One of your competitors has announced here and there some smaller things, but I'm not sure if that's really a meaningful impact to capacity, but wanted to get your thoughts.
Dean A. Scarborough: We haven't seen any material adds in capacity, really, in any region, there's -- I mean, of the investments that I'm aware of. There's been some limited addition to capacity in China. You mentioned one of our competitors added some specialty capacity, but that tends to be for a small segment of the market. It's just not material.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That was wine correct, Dean? The wine label? That was for wine labels
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, that was one of the -- likely one of the target segments, sure.
Operator: Our next question is also a follow-up from Ghansham Panjabi, Robert W. Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up. On the PSM business, on a geographic basis, can you -- was there any major deviation in trend line during the quarter in terms of growth year-over-year? And also, can you just comment on what's on October as well?
Dean A. Scarborough: I think North America grew in the mid- to high single digits. Europe was in the low single digits. Latin America was very strong, double-digit growth, as well as Asia Pacific. And I haven't really seen in 3 weeks, I wouldn't call any other trends. I mean, the first week of October is Golden Week in China. So it's slower right now, but I expect it to pick back up as the quarter progresses.
Mitchell R. Butier: As far as the trend within the quarter, the growth was pretty consistent throughout the quarter. It builds up a little bit later in the quarter, but on a modest level. RBIS was the standout where it had an exceptional, most of its growth all in September.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Todd Wenning from Morningstar.
Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Could you give us your general take on what you're seeing in China over the past few months?
Dean A. Scarborough: It's been -- China has been choppier than I recall. But still, it's been growing the last couple of quarters at a double-digit rate. So I feel like at least -- the consumer sector of China is what drives our Pressure-sensitive Materials business. I think the export and the investment sectors of China had the biggest part of the downturn whereas consumer side, it seems to be doing okay, even though it's relatively, the developed market's a smaller percentage of the economy.
Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Excellent. And based on the prices, you bought back stock in the third quarter. It seems that most of the transactions were made early in the quarter before some of the concerns about the deal surfaced. So has the delayed OCP sale affected your approach to buyback still?
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, the timing of when you receive that amount of proceeds, obviously impacts how much share you're going to buy back and the timing of that. But we don't comment on the pace or timing of when we do share repurchases. You can see it had a modest impact on the amount of shares expected to be outstanding for the full year. We were at 103 million before, we're now saying it's going to be between 103 million and 104 million. So it did have some impact, but we're not going to comment on the specific timing.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Silke Kueck with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have a short follow-up. So the reported earnings including discontinued operations was $0.57 in the quarter. Was that excluding the -- is that like an adjusted number excluding the nonrecurring items?
Mitchell R. Butier: So the $0.57 is GAAP including discontinued operations.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's GAAP. How much would it be non-GAAP including discontinued operations?
Mitchell R. Butier: So in this quarter, the $0.20 GAAP that you see for discontinued ops is the same for pro forma. So you can just add the $0.20 to the $0.53 that you see to get $0.73.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So you get like $0.73, so versus $0.53. So that means the Office Products division earned $0.20 this quarter and...
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes.
Stephen C. Chick - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So at $0.20 is 1 million shares out, tax effect at, I don't know, like 3%. So that means the business is at a run rate of like $29 million in EBIT, something like that?
Mitchell R. Butier: You have to recall that this business has had a lot of seasonality to it. And Q2 and Q3 are the peak for back-to-school. And we talked last quarter that some of the back-to-school timing had shifted into Q3. So Q3 was relatively strong relative to the rest of the quarters.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, those are higher than any of the numbers I remember from, like, 2011 when you still reported the business. So like it seems to be doing well.
Dean A. Scarborough: I think the third quarter, again, because seasonality back-to-school moved more in the third quarter than it did in the fourth quarter -- or sorry, than last year, so I mean they did have a good third quarter.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. Back before we reported separately, Q2 and Q3 were always the highest EBIT quarters.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. But like last year, it was -- it ran at $22 million in the second quarter and the third quarter was $21 million. So these numbers -- I mean, these are still much higher than what it was in '11.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, if you're trying to compare to the old information when it was in continuing operations, you must recall that the corporate allocations that get pushed back in the segments are no longer happening for a discontinued operation. So these results are not apples-to-apples with the numbers you're talking about for Q3 of last year.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I see. So what are the stranded costs?
Mitchell R. Butier: Silke, just we restated and gave multiple quarter information, I think it was back in January, and we'd be happy to go over that with you as well and help identify where these variances are.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. It's like a ballpark number of like stranded costs on an annualized basis that you would allocate to the business?
Mitchell R. Butier: The stranded costs are changing dramatically given all the cost reduction and so forth that we're going through between the cost reduction we've announced this last July and the July before that. So there's a lot of moving parts in talking about the stranded costs. I think would not get to the end you're trying to achieve. So I'd be happy to go over it with you later. We've eliminated all the stranded costs related to Office and Consumer Products. After doing that, we're also structurally reducing the amount of corporate overhead as well. So if you think about it just in those terms, those stranded costs are gone, but that still won't give you the comparison I think you're looking for.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Considering the change in leadership and what I believe is going, or at least what I read, is going to be a boost to help consumers as opposed to growing towards infrastructure, how much help could you get if something actually does happen in that particular category? And what is your overall exposure into China?
Dean A. Scarborough: So China, it's a good question. I don't believe that the new leadership change in China they're going to want to see the economy slow down. So I anticipate that there will be some more stimulative measures taken. The Pressure-sensitive business really is, I'd say, 80% dependent on consumer demand in China and -- which I think is a good factor, and I know the Chinese government wants to continue to shift a higher percentage of their GDP over time to being driven by consumer spending rather than infrastructure or exports. So anything that helps the Chinese consumer will help our Pressure-sensitive business on a go-forward basis. The RBIS business, though, is really driven by apparel and worldwide apparel trends and how much of that is made in China. It's still a very important factor for us. But I think the factors impacting RBIS are more about apparel costs and consumer confidence in mature markets.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: And what is your overall -- the percentage of your overall business in China, if that is a relevant number?
Dean A. Scarborough: We don't disclose that. But more than 1/3 of our sales, about 35% of our continuing operations are in emerging markets and that includes the emerging markets in Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: And if I may ask one last question. If my memory serves me right, which is never sure, but aren't you planning in pushing your RBIS business into other regions in Asia like Vietnam, or I don't remember, Thailand, I believe. Is there some kind of a shift going on?
Dean A. Scarborough: So we have manufacturing operations for RBIS wherever apparel was made. So for example, we have large operations in South Asia, which would include India, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. So those are -- especially Bangladesh is a growth area for apparel production, just as Vietnam and Indonesia are growth areas for apparel production. They're taking some share from China. So we're well-positioned to capture apparel demand pretty much no matter where it's manufactured.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And there is no difference in the profitability in one of those new regions versus China, for example?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, some are better and some aren't.
Operator: Mr. Scarborough, I will turn the call back to you now, sir, for your closing remarks.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thank you, France. So just to summarize. We are pleased with our third quarter performance. Our Pressure-sensitive Materials business is executing well with continued growth in emerging markets and innovation, driving decoration transfer and share gains all over the world, including Europe and North America. And I'm also pleased with the ongoing integration of our Graphics and Reflective businesses, as well as the research center. Those remain on track. The RBIS core business has rebounded sharply now that apparel unit costs have dropped, and there is some rising retailer confidence in the U.S. RFID continues to penetrate and we're also delivering nice returns from that business as well in both the RBIS sector and other specialty converting. And we're going to continue to drive RBIS, drive top line performance while continuing to reduce our fixed costs. That's a big part of the story. The Office and Consumer Products business, obviously disappointing news with the termination. But again, we have restarted the sale process and we're hopeful to get a resolution on that in the first quarter of next year. We're on track with free cash flow and I'm really happy and just delighted to have been -- to deliver more cash to shareholders in 2012, than certainly we have the past couple of years. And then, I really need to thank the Avery Dennison team from around the world who are continuing to work safely, working to improve quality and service and focus on customers while also driving big productivity gains from a number of the actions that we're taking all around the world. It's not easy, and I want them to know I really appreciate their results. So thank you, operator, and we look forward to talking to you in the New Year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation, and kindly ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Mitchell R. Butier - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the second quarter ended June 30, 2012. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 1:00 p.m. Pacific time today through midnight Pacific time, July 27. To access the replay, please dial 1 (800) 633-8284 or 1 (402) 977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21543231. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Today we'll discuss our preliminary unaudited second quarter 2012 results. Please note that unless otherwise indicated, today's discussion will be focused on our continuing operations. The company's Office and Consumer Products business is classified on our income statement as a discontinued operation. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP in schedules A-2 to A-5 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mitch Butier, Senior Vice President and CFO. I'll now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Eric. The quarter came in just about as expected. Sales were up nearly 4% on an organic basis, and adjusted operating profit was down modestly. We're pleased with where we are on our free cash flow year-to-date, and we're on track to deliver earnings growth and free cash flow within the ranges of our guidance for the year. We are committed to returning more cash to investors, and we bought back an additional 2.4 million shares during the quarter to meet that commitment. As noted in our press release, we are accelerating our productivity and cost out plans to improve our competitive position and meet commitments to shareholders in an uncertain economic environment. The $100 million plus restructuring program announced today will enable us to deliver earnings growth in this unpredictable economy and provide nice upside when conditions improve. I'm also glad to say that we can fund this restructuring, while meeting our free cash flow targets as well. I'll provide additional color in a few minutes. Turning to the segments. Pressure-Sensitive Materials had a solid quarter, both on the top line and the bottom line. Despite uncertain economic conditions in North America and Europe, Label and Packaging Materials had good sales growth in both regions, and we've gained back the share we lost in Europe a year ago. And, as we expected, emerging markets returned to double-digit sales growth. Graphics and Reflective Solutions top line results were significantly weaker than LPM's. GRS is more economically sensitive, and the larger proportion of this business is in Europe, where it was especially hard-hit. As you know, we've been investing in marketing and innovation in Label and Packaging Materials. We are gaining traction with a number of the new products we launched late last year, and we have a pipeline of new products that we'll introduce at Labelexpo in September. At the same time, LPM has been improving its already good service delivery time. And the combination of innovation and improved service are enabling us to gain share, and we're seeing this in our top line. Retail Branding and Information Solutions results were disappointing in what has always been the seasonally largest sales quarter for this business. The retail apparel market is rebounding more slowly than we had expected. The second quarter did end positively after starting off with sales declines, and that positive trend is continuing into July. Despite sluggish market conditions, we made progress on our growth initiatives and believe we are continuing to gain share in our target segments. Sales of external embellishments were up nearly 60% over last year, and item-level RFID sales were up 35%. And our RFID division, which was integrated into RBIS at the beginning of the year, had a second profitable quarter in a row. Now recall that the RFID division results are reported in Other specialty converting. The RBIS team has done a great job improving both the RFID top and bottom line. RBIS margins were down more than expected due to lower volumes and higher employee-related costs. We did raise prices, and we will see the full impact of the price increase in the third quarter. At the same time, as we noted in the May investor meeting, RBIS is focused on reducing its fixed cost structure, and has an objective to organize manufacturing more efficiently and reduce its footprint by 20%. Now that the second quarter is over, we are accelerating our cost-out actions. Office and Consumer Products is reported as a discontinued operation. We still anticipate closing the transaction in the second half. In the business, net sales and operating profit declined from second quarter last year. As you know, the back-to-school season is spread over the second and third quarters, so it's hard to measure the full season's impact today. But based on what we've seen so far, we expect modest growth in back-to-school products this year. Also, OCP's new products, including the Martha Stewart line, are being well-received by consumers. After the office products sale, we'll be focused on 2 core businesses: Pressure-Sensitive Materials in RBIS, and a group of smaller specialty converting businesses. Our core businesses are market leaders in their respective industries with great competitive advantages. We are going to build our niche advantages and further strengthen our ability to deliver on our long-term targets for double-digit earnings growth and improve returns by accelerating our restructuring initiatives to achieve more than $100 million of savings by mid-2013, with most of the savings coming next year. First, we are going to continue the streamlining of the corporate organization that we began last year to eliminate the stranded class from the OCP divestiture. Over the past few years, our core businesses have developed scale in support functions, moving their organizations from small regional teams to globally managed functions. This enables us to reduce the amount of corporate support and better align these functions with the specific needs of each business. The streamlining will include the disposition of our headquarter's building in Pasadena, California, and a move to a lower-cost, smaller, leased location here in the San Gabriel Valley. Second, we are fully integrating Graphics and Reflective Solutions into Label and Packaging Materials. We've already integrated the GRS supply chain procurement and operations into LPM, and so now we are integrating marketing, sales and R&D functions to help Graphics and Reflective become more competitive as well as improving returns. Third, as you know, we've been investing in marketing an innovation to get more external and to drive faster growth rates. We know from our experience so far that having technical people co-located with marketing professionals makes innovation faster and more efficient. To that end, we are consolidating our corporate R&D resources into Pressure-Sensitive Materials research centers in Ohio, the Netherlands, China and India. We want to move innovation closer to customers, accelerate time-to-market and focus activity on clearly defined opportunities. This will save us some money and enhance our innovation capability. Fourth, now that we're past RBIS' peak quarter, we'll move forward with lowering its breakeven to improve its returns in a slower growth environment. As I said before, we have a 20% reduction in the RBIS footprint underway, and we're also identifying further opportunities to take cost out of this business. We're moving quickly to achieve more than $100 million of annualized savings in a little under 12 months. This leaner cost structure will make us more competitive and enable higher returns despite an uncertain economic environment. We have terrific core businesses with strong free cash flow, the ability to drive productivity, great capital discipline and innovation leadership. We have a high sense of urgency to achieve the targets we committed to in the investor meetings in May and thus are moving quickly and decisively to accelerate productivity. So to sum up, with the first half behind us, we are tightening guidance ranges for full year EPS and free cash flow, and we are on track for the year. We're moving aggressively to deliver on our long-term targets, and at the same time we continue to increase cash returns to shareholders. And now Mitch will provide more detail on the quarter and our initiatives.
Mitchell R. Butier: Thanks, Dean. Starting with Slide 4 and talking through to Slide 7 of our financial review and analysis. Overall results for the quarter were consistent with our expectations with adjusted earnings per share at $0.56, as strong performance in Pressure-Sensitive Materials was offset by lower than expected results in RBIS. Net sales in the second quarter of 2012 grew approximately 4% on an organic basis as the Pressure-Sensitive Materials business recovered from the slowdown in volume that we experienced in the second quarter of last year. RBIS sales were flat, and Other specialty converting delivered modest growth. While we delivered solid organic sales growth, adjusted operating margin declined 30 basis points as higher employee-related expenses more than offset the benefit of higher volume and productivity. The higher employee-related expenses relate in large part to higher bonus expense versus last year. We had unusually low bonus expense last year, particularly Q2, due to poor business performance. The net impact from raw material inflation and price increases was relatively modest in the quarter as commodity costs continue to be relatively stable for us. Our second quarter effective tax rate on continuing operations was 33%. The year-to-date adjusted tax rate increased from 29% to 34%. We continue to anticipate a full year tax rate in the low- to mid-30% range, similar to the full year rate for 2011. Our year-to-date free cash flow in 2012 is significantly improved from last year due to the lower bonus payments in the first quarter of 2012 versus Q1 2011 and the continued strong management of working capital. I'm pleased with the capital discipline we've demonstrated over the past few years and where we are on achieving our free cash flow objectives for the year. Net debt is down by approximately $150 million from last year but higher sequentially from March levels due to the seasonality of our cash flow. We are committed to maintaining our strong balance sheet and expect to keep our net debt-to-EBITDA less than 2x for the year. With the strength of our cash flow and balance sheet, we continued to repurchase shares in the second quarter, 2.4 million shares at a cost of $70 million. Year-to-date through the end of the second quarter, the company repurchased 4.8 million shares at an aggregate cost of $142 million. Now Dean talked about our restructuring program earlier. These actions will structurally reduce our overhead cost and save more than $100 million. These actions will add to our ability to achieve our financial targets even with uncertain market conditions. Now turning to Slide 8. Pressure-Sensitive sales were up 6% on an organic basis, an improvement in the year-on-year growth rate versus recent quarters as we have now lapsed the slowdown that began in the second quarter of last year. Label and Packaging Materials volume improved in all regions, with mid-single-digit growth in North America, high-single-digit growth in Europe, where we had the biggest decline last year, and double-digit growth in emerging markets. While the sales growth benefited from easier comps to the prior year, the volume was good in absolute terms as well, particularly in the emerging markets and North America. Sales in Graphics and Reflective Solutions declined low-single digits. The market of this business is more discretionary in nature and a disproportionate amount of this business' sales are in Europe. PSM's adjusted operating margin was slightly -- up slightly year-over-year as the benefit from higher volume and productivity was largely offset by higher employee-related expenses including incentive compensation. Retail Branding and Information Solutions sales were flat on an organic basis. As you know, we were hoping for growth in RBIS, but the market just isn't there right now. We saw improvement in all segments in the U.S., with the exception of the mass-market channel, while we experienced a general decline in Europe. RBIS' adjusted operating margin declined 160 basis points due to wage inflation, partially offset by productivity initiatives. As you've heard us say, given RBIS' current cost structure and manufacturing footprint in markets with rapidly rising labor costs, this business needs between 1.5 and 2 points of growth in order to deliver incremental margin. As you can see, in this quarter we didn't have that, hence the margin compression and our strong push to reduce cost in this business. Sales in our Other specialty converting businesses grew 2% on an organic basis, due primarily to a strong showing in performance tapes. Adjusted operating margin improved 80 basis points as the impact of higher volume and productivity initiatives more than offset higher employee-related expenses and other items. The productivity savings in Other specialty converting were largely driven by the vertical integration between our RFID division and RBIS. Moving on to the outlook for 2012. On Slide 10, we've highlighted the key factors that we think will contribute to our P&L and cash flow in 2012. Slide 11 has our EPS and free cash flow guidance. While there remains uncertainty in the macro environment and limited forward visibility, now that we're halfway through the year, we've tightened our sales, earnings per share and free cash flow estimates. Our estimate for organic sales growth is between 2% and 3%. Based on recent exchange rates, the impact from currency on EBIT is now estimated to have approximately $19 million negative impact versus 2011. Our estimates for the tax rate, capital expenditures, pension costs and average shares outstanding remains unchanged for 2012 from what we shared with you just last quarter. We also continue to expect that the combination of free cash flow and net proceeds from the sale of OCP will total approximately $400 million. Now for the big changes to our near-term financial outlook this quarter relate to the cost-reduction actions that we described earlier. We anticipate more than $100 million in annualized savings from this restructuring program, with approximately $15 million realized this year and most of the remainder to be realized in 2013. To implement these actions, we estimate that we will incur approximately $80 million in restructuring costs: $55 million in 2012 and $25 million in 2013. Based on estimated sales as well as other assumptions, including the listed factors, we expect adjusted 2012 earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.90 to $2.05 and free cash flow from continuing operations of $280 million to $310 million. Note that the midpoint of our free cash flow guidance has only changed modestly despite the incremental cost of the restructuring program. This is because we expect to offset most of the incremental 2012 restructuring cost with continued tight management of working capital. Earnings in the third quarter are expected to be between 20% and 25% of our full year guidance. In summary, the second quarter was in line with expectations. We've demonstrated our commitment to maintaining financial strength while returning more cash to shareholders. And the next phase of our cost-reduction program will save more than $100 million, adding to our ability to effectively manage through an uncertain macroenvironment and giving us greater upside when conditions improve. These actions reflect our continued cost and capital discipline and our commitment to delivering better returns. Now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question, from the line of John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just to maybe flesh out the cost-cutting a little bit. You highlighted 4 major buckets where you expect the bulk of the savings to come from. Can you quantify how we should be thinking about each bucket in terms of what those savings might be roughly give or take a little bit in each of the segments?
Dean A. Scarborough: John, yes. This is Dean. Good question. I don't think we want to do that at this time, because we haven't announced all the actions in terms of different parts of the company. I will tell you that about 80% of the actions we're taking don't impact SG&A versus the balance obviously coming above the gross profit line.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. And then with regard to the timing of when they hit, I know you'd said you were hoping by the end of '13 to be at a run rate of $100 million. How should we think about, incrementally, in '13 versus '12 what the cost saves should be looking out to 2013?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we want to get to the $100 million run rate savings by mid-2013. So a lot of the actions we'll be taking between now and the end of the year. I do expect some actions will take a little bit longer and bleed over into the first quarter of 2013.
Mitchell R. Butier: And so of the $100 million, we're expecting $15 million net to hit this year and the following $85 million to mostly hit 2013, with a little bit blending into '14 for things that are implemented in Q1.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then just one last question, just on your guidance for the full year. Looking at your -- the 2 remaining core businesses. Normally your first half of the year seems to be a little bit stronger in terms of earnings than the second half, and yet your guidance isn't really implying that. So I guess I'm wondering what you're thinking starts to improve in the second half of the year, so that you kind of have it more even balance this year compared to normal years.
Dean A. Scarborough: I think, John, the biggest difference is last year in the second quarter, we basically reversed out our bonuses for the whole first half of the year. So the comps, frankly, just get a bit easier in the back half of the year, both on the top and the bottom line.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to come back to the restructuring relative to the environment. If I was tallying correctly, I think you mentioned an uncertain economic environment being the environment you've got around 7x or 8x on the call. So did anything change over the course of the year that prompted these actions? Or were these actions, Dean and Mitch, that you had been more or less planning on once OCP was done? And if you could provide a little bit more color on that, that would be great.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, certainly the thinking about eliminating stranded cost after OCP, that -- we took some actions in the back half of last year. But frankly, as we look forward and realize that the economic environment is probably, in the near term, not going to get much better, that we needed to take actions that would accelerate our earnings power now, and not just simply wait for a rebound in the economy. On the corporate overhead part, one of the things that we've realized is that we've added a lot of capability to the businesses. And we can eliminate activities that formerly were done at the center that can now be done in the businesses. And at the same time, the needs of the businesses are different, so that they can choose much better to how to or what to invest in and at what level. And I think it will get us definitely a better end result. There's one other factor here, and that is for some -- for example of our businesses, a good example is Graphics and Reflective Solutions. We had decided a couple of years ago after we had integrated the supply chains that we would leave additional infrastructure in the front end of the business to try to accelerate growth. And we had set an internal milestone of 2012 being the key when we would be able to demonstrate our ability to grow faster in that business. Now the near-term prospects, given the economy don't look good, so we simply triggered a milestone and decided to integrate that business and improve the returns immediately. So I think a number of factors have played into this. And I would attribute that to frankly just disciplined management and looking for opportunities for us to hit our commitments to shareholders as fast as we can even given potentially uncertain economic environment.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, our goal with this, just to add to Dean's points, as we both mentioned, is to ensure we can hit the earnings and free cash flow targets that we laid out in May, even if we come in a little bit on the low end of the sales growth. And these are -- we're always looking for opportunities to reduce cost, and these things have been on our radar, and we just, as what Dean said, triggered a few milestones in the works of implementing these things and finalizing the planning in Q2. We're now in a position to announce most of it.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's very helpful. Appreciate the color on that. I guess one question I had regarding the goal. In terms of hitting your goals despite the environment, you're purely referring to what you laid out for 2012. You weren't putting any kind of stake in the ground for '13, i.e. you still expect to be able to grow earnings despite the environment because of the savings that you'll generate here. Would that be fair that you're only looking at '12 right now in terms of promising on your goals?
Dean A. Scarborough: We're committed to hitting 10% to 15% net income growth and 15% to 20% EPS growth. We're not giving 2013 guidance here, and we certainly don't have any insight at this point about what 2013 is going to look like. Again, it just comes back to us achieving those targets, even if the economy looks worse. And let's face it, if it doesn't get worse or it gets somewhat better, there's upside for the business.
Mitchell R. Butier: George, those are the targets we discussed in May at the Investor [indiscernible].
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Understand. Just was not sure whether you were laying it out for '13 yet. Doesn't sound like you are, but certainly...
Mitchell R. Butier: No, we're not.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And how much of the savings will be actual cash? Will it all be cash, the $100 million, or it will be there as a non-cash expense that you avoid here? What might those be?
Mitchell R. Butier: Those are pretax cash savings.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then the last thing. As you're integrating the labels and Graphics and Reflective businesses, what are the obstacles, if any, to integrating? What thought have you put into that you can share here about areas that you may eliminate that are key points of connection between the 2 areas that if it's now eliminated might hamper your ability to integrate those groups? And more broadly, are there any areas that you may be looking to eliminate that again are key focal points in terms of how the organization communicates from one end to another that are challenges during the integration?
Dean A. Scarborough: I'll take a shot at your question, George. I'm not sure I understand it 100%. I don't see any challenges in integrating Graphics and Reflective Solutions into the business. We still will have a separate sales teams going after specific markets in Reflective and the Graphics business. What we've basically taken out is a lot of the overhead or we will take out the overhead in infrastructure and some of the G&A costs associated with that activity and will continue to leverage the scale of the Label and Packaging Materials supply chain and procurement operations. If you are referring to linkages between, let's say, RBIS and the materials businesses, there really aren't very many. So actually, potentially, I think what we have is dis-synergy trying to manage somethings at the center that should be more appropriately managed in the businesses with a focus on what's really driving value there. In other words, RBIS, obviously, is a different business situation than Label and Packaging Materials, and therefore may choose not to invest in some things at this point in their evolution.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Maybe this is a good one for you, Dean. The 3.5% sales growth that you saw in the core basis for the quarter, just kind of thinking 2Q '12 versus last year, is this just purely a function of easier comparisons from the volume inflection you saw last year or is it some encouraging signs on underlying volume growth?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. It's better than just the comparisons. When I look back to 2010, I don't have the numbers here in front of me, I am feeling pretty good about where we sit today. First of all, as you know, we've lost some share in the second half -- in the second quarter last year in Europe. In the Label and Packaging Materials business, as we pushed prices up. And over this last 12 months, we've recovered some of that market share. But interestingly enough, we don't have the market data yet, but market conditions still remain stronger than maybe I would have expected, especially in Europe. Emerging market growth has also rebounded quite nicely. We saw double-digit growth in Asia, we saw double-digit growth in Latin America, so I'm pleased with how the businesses are tracking there. So far, we haven't seen maybe early warning signs of economic slowdowns in emerging markets like we've all been reading about in the newspapers. In RBIS is a different story though. I mean, RBIS, we did expect to get a better rebound in the second quarter. Now it turned out that April was negative, May was flat, and June we saw some sales growth, and that sales growth has continued for at least the first 3 weeks of the third quarter. And so it's modestly looking a little more positive, but we're not taking that to the bank just yet.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And so just sort of continue that thought on RBIS. Why would -- what do you anticipate or what do you allocate that improvement in the inter-quarter trajectory to, because it seems like the economy is worse, generally speaking, June versus back in April. So why would RBIS improve and continuing into the third quarter?
Dean A. Scarborough: Again, the sales that we capture in the second quarter are really for the fall and winter programs. So it really relates to retailer -- focus on their inventory, on what their prospects are for the coming season. We saw modest improvement in U.S. sourced apparel items, so we saw a plus figure. In Europe, it was down very low-single digit, and the 2 sort of offset each other. I do think we're gaining share in some of our key market segments. It's just not happening fast enough, and we're getting 0 help from the market. So it's really up to us to reconstruct this business model, so we can drive earnings growth with a -- in a very conservative market, which I don't believe retailers are going to invest a lot in inventories at least for not the foreseeable future.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then just one final question on PSM. Mitch, I think you mentioned labor inflation as it relates to the operating margin variance year-over-year. Not a lot of your peers are talking about labor inflation. Just curious as to what's driving that for Avery specifically.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. So my comment on labor inflation was more focused within RBIS given the high labor content of that business. I commented on PSM about higher employee-related expenses, but specifically calling out most of that for PSM was around bonus expense. Last year, Q2, we had very poor performance in PSM and basically reversed out all the bonus accruals that we had from the first quarter as well as the second.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just wondering, is there any benefit on the tax rate for moving some of these corporate functions overseas into the businesses?
Mitchell R. Butier: There is not much benefit on the tax rate. There is a modest amount, but most of this activity is not, with the exception of some of the R&D activities and so forth, is not moving overseas. It's migrating within the U.S. or actually being eliminated.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just moving to PSM. Obviously, a strong result out of the Label and Packaging Materials, but can you talk a little bit more about which end markets were strong? Was it more in the package goods end markets? Or was it more in variable information end markets? Can you sort of parse that out a little bit for us?
Dean A. Scarborough: I don't have the details here. My sense is that we saw kind of strong growth across -- in most of our product categories. Certainly in emerging markets, we definitely saw that. We generally have good strength in the films product categories, which tend to be more consumer packaged goods related.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. What was -- how much did price cost help you out in PSM in the quarter? Was there any big lift from lower resin cost in the quarter? And do you expect any lift in the third quarter from the drop in resin cost so far?
Mitchell R. Butier: Commodity prices have really just stabilized for us for us the last couple of quarters as we've been saying. We're seeing the continuation of the same. And the year-over-year organic growth we've talked about in this business, and it holds true for all the regions, is basically driven by volume. Small puts and takes on price were the carryover for some price increase that happened last year in some regions or rolling back of some of the surcharges we implemented, but very modest. So overall, all the organic growth is largely attributed to volume.
Dean A. Scarborough: We are actually still raising prices in some economies, especially where currency -- certain currencies have devalued, and so we're -- still some pricing activity going on again in some geographies with declining currency.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then I think in RBIS you mentioned that mass-market was weak in the quarter. Was there any strength, any particular strength in any of the other end market channels that is noteworthy?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. I think for us the global retail, global brands has continued to be an area of strength for us. In the U.S., the premier in mid-market was also a strong driver for us. We're definitely seeing some lift because RFID uptick as well as some of the new embellishments we're selling. So we are gaining some traction there.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And just lastly, on the sale of OCP. I think you said before you thought it would close in 3Q early in the third quarter. You still anticipate that early in 3Q? And how are you thinking about the proceeds at this point from the sale, the net proceeds?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we said in the back half of the year, so that's -- we'll continue to say that. It's in the hands of the government right now, and they have their process. So when they get done with their process, we'll proceed. In terms of the use of proceeds, I think it's exactly the same as we've said before.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, essentially, if you look at the $300 million just using for simplicity of free cash flow we're expecting from continuing ops plus the $400 million of the net proceeds in free cash flow from OCP, $700 million in total, $100 million will go towards dividends, of course. We said we'd pay down some debt commensurate with the amount of EBITDA we're losing in office products, and then the remainder for focus on share repurchases. So no change from what we said before.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question, from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research Group.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: When you take that footprint of RBIS down 20%, is that taking the machines out of the customer site locations that install the ticket tags? And what happens to those when they're pulled out, if that's what's going to happen here?
Dean A. Scarborough: No. These are our own facilities that we're talking about. So we have equipment, printers located at, I would say, probably several thousand customers today. So that doesn't get impacted at all.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: That's not [indiscernible].
Dean A. Scarborough: In fact, we're encouraging customers to use more in-plant printing because it provides the best response capability for certain market segments.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. So the in-plant printing footprint doesn't come down at all?
Dean A. Scarborough: That's correct.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And then secondly on the updated guidance, the $4 million increase in the foreign exchange headwind, how much of that was in the second quarter just reported? And how much is that in the second half of the year?
Mitchell R. Butier: Very little of it was in the second quarter given that where the rates were at that time because for the second quarter, most of it was driven by the euro. Our average FX rate at that time that we use was 1.3. It's now -- what's baked into our second half is roughly 1.25 knowing rates are slightly lower than that now. So of the extra $4 million, I think it's like $1 million or so was Q2, the rest of it is for second half.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. Is there any hedge below the EBIT line?
Mitchell R. Butier: Hedge below the -- no, there's no hedge below the EBIT line.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: That incremental 4 flows all the way down to EPS?
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Raw materials costs, you said, have stabilized for you, but they seem to be coming down particularly on the adhesive side of your Pressure-Sensitive. Have you seen some customers kind of waiting to see where the low-end is going to be and holding off on placing orders? Or is that not a factor in your business?
Dean A. Scarborough: It's generally not a factor, Rosemarie, because the label converting business is -- tends to be a custom on-demand business. So customers order when they need the products. So literally, we ship out about 80% of our orders within 2 days. So it's very unusual for customers to -- or they literally just don't have the physical ability to store a lot of our products, so we don't generally see that kind of activity.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. That is very helpful. And I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the different businesses in your other specialty converting, what you saw for each one in the quarter and your expectations for the second half in 2013?
Dean A. Scarborough: So the largest business in Other specialty converting is our performance tapes business. It's a business that serves 2 primary markets: one is tapes for diapers, frankly, and the other one is tapes used for bonding in a number of industrial applications, including things like automotive and electronics. We saw -- we've seen a decent growth in the business the last couple of quarters and expect that to continue going forward as we've been able to capture some new business that's going to roll out now over the next couple of quarters. The second largest business is Designed and Engineered Solutions, which is a specialty label converting business that serves a diverse set of markets, including things like pressure sensitive postage stamps, battery labels, labels for automotive and other functional products, things like valves [ph] for coffee bags or for food products. That business showed as well decent results for the first half. And then we have a small medical converting business, which has been an investment business for us, good top line growth. It's kind of still an investment, so it doesn't have that much profitability at this point. And then finally, our RFID division is in that category, and we've had a pretty significant year-over-year EBIT improvement in that business. That's now been profitable for 2 quarters in a row.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: And the RFID is closely linked to RBIS, isn't it?
Dean A. Scarborough: It is. Much of the sales of that division are sold to RBIS, correct.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: So if we see RBIS sales growing, then we can assume safely that it is the same case for RFID?
Dean A. Scarborough: We're growing both externally with other markets, and the RBIS RFID sales went up about 35% in the second quarter, so we continue to see growth there.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: And if I may ask one last question. Have you seen any change in the Chinese demand for their own domestic consumption on either the Pressure-Sensitive or the retail business, RBIS?
Dean A. Scarborough: So for Pressure-Sensitive, probably 80% to 90% of the products we sell in China stay in China on consumer goods. So we've seen a rebound since the first quarter, and we expect continued double-digit growth there. RBIS is completely the opposite story. Most of the products that we sell in China are attached to soft goods, apparel and shoes, that are exported to Western countries. So we have actually a small but growing domestic business for China's retailers and brand owners.
Operator: Our last question is a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The embellishments business is an interesting business and certainly it's leveraging what you have in RBIS, but it seems like it would be an even more difficult supply chain model than even what you do with tags and tickets. Do you agree with that assessment or disagree? And what challenges are you finding there? You mentioned I think 60% growth in the business from a bottom line revenue standpoint, what that contributed in the quarter.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. It's pretty small. I mean, it's sub $100 million in terms of revenue. And it's actually, I think, fairly easy to execute. We're selling to the same customers, and we're also using existing assets to do it. So I actually think it's a nice add. It tends to be sold -- the product tends to be sold more to designers, and therefore it has a slightly longer selling cycle, because you've got to get the designers to basically specify the product a couple of seasons ahead when they're planning their work. So we are pleased with the traction so far.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I appreciate that. Back to the question of linkages, I guess what I was getting at, within Pressure-Sensitive Materials to the extent that you are eliminating much of what was the corporate infrastructure, a lot of that was in R&D, are there any areas where you're going to be particularly concerned about sharing of R&D, sharing of best practices since you are now driving a lot of that to the divisions and to the field as opposed to having it in Pasadena?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. I actually think it's a real positive. Our learnings had been that the more you can get your technical people and your marketing people together, you really accelerate the innovation process. And while we have a number of great people here at the research center, frankly it's isolated. It's a bit of a silo. We don't have any businesses, especially now with office products being sold, located anywhere close to here. So we are relocating some people to some of these other locations. And there is a small group of engineers that will also stay here at the corporate center, because in this case it tends to be more for the manufacturing engineering part of the business, so they don't need to be co-located necessarily. So I'm not all that -- I actually think this will enhance our effectiveness.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And to your point earlier that maybe having the corporate create some -- dis-synergies, I guess this is what you were referring to as well.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, I think the needs of the businesses, George, are sufficiently different enough. And if you try to manage things at the center, you're trying to average things. In that case, are probably wrong. We're going to get down to a smaller holding company structure that's very small. And we will still have some shared services where it makes sense, where scale really matters like buying things like IT, data, management, health and welfare, pension, et cetera, will still be managed by the center. But fundamentally, the businesses are going to drive what services they want and what investments they want to make.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Well, makes a lot of sense. I guess the last question I had, just housekeeping. You're again expecting proceeds on OCP of I think north of $400 million is how you phrased it. When I look at the balance sheet, when I look at the assets and liabilities held for sales, the net of those 2 is roughly around $350 million. So does that simplistically when you do ultimately collect those proceeds, should we assume there's a gain of whatever $50 million or more that hits you across those 3 figures or from those 3 figures? And then remind me initially when you announced the deal, I think there were proceeds that you talked about of $550 million, but the net of that is the working capital when all is said and done?
Mitchell R. Butier: So the net of the $550 million down to the $400 million, it'll vary depending on when this deal closes. If it were to go all the way to December obviously since it includes free cash flow as well as the net proceeds, that number would go north. So it's sensitive to when the deal actually closes. The difference between the $550 million and the $400 million is due to deal cost and taxes, essentially the 2 largest components, to answer the last part of your question, George. And so that's overall what we're expecting from the transaction. We said approximately $400 million, but it can vary depending on the timing of the close. As far as the gain question that you asked, yes, we do -- are expecting a gain, and just depends again if it were to close today, the cost base of that business will be a little bit higher given the working capital investments you have due to BTS, whereas if it were later the working cap will be lower and so you'd have a slightly higher gain. So it will move quite a bit through the year given the seasonality of the business.
Operator: Mr. Scarborough, I will turn the call back over to you now for your closing remarks.
Dean A. Scarborough: Great. Well, I just like to say that we're on track for the year. We're pleased with the performance in our Pressure-Sensitive Materials business, and we realize we need to accelerate the performance improvement in RBIS. We have a real urgency to deliver on our long-term targets. And that $100 million plus restructuring improvement plan really enables us to enhance our returns, deliver on those margin targets in an uncertain economy, but frankly give us some really nice upside when the economy improves. And we continue to be committed to capital discipline and returning more cash to shareholders. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and kindly ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-25 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds -  Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Mitchell R. Butier - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Gaji Balakaneshan - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter, March 31, 2012. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 1:00 p.m. Pacific time today through midnight Pacific time, April 29. To access the replay, please dial toll-free 1 (800) 633-8284 or (402) 977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID to enter is 21543230. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Today, we'll discuss our preliminary, unaudited first quarter 2012 results. Please note that unless otherwise indicated, today's discussion will be focused on our continuing operations. The company's Office and Consumer Products business is classified on our income statement as a discontinued operation. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP and schedules A-2 to A-4 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement included in today's earnings release.  On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mitch Butier, Senior Vice President and CFO. I'll now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Eric, and good day, everyone. First quarter earnings came in as we expected on somewhat lower than anticipated sales volume while free cash flow was somewhat better than we expected. Sales declined modestly, reflecting the slowdown in volume that started in the second quarter of last year and impacted all regions. Run rates were generally in line with recent trends. Asia, however, was weaker than we expected for the pressure-sensitive Materials segment, and I'll touch on that just a bit more in a few minutes.  Despite lower volumes, we increased the operating profit through productivity initiatives and higher prices. And I'm pleased to say we're delivering on the commitment to return more cash to shareholders. We repurchased 2.4 million shares during the quarter and paid a higher dividend. Now let me comment briefly on the 2 segments before turning the call over to Mitch. Pressure-sensitive Materials continues to deliver solid results. Despite lower volume, operating profits were up. Results for North America and Europe were pretty much in line with our expectations, but sales in Asia came in weaker than planned for Label and Packaging Materials. We knew the comparisons to prior year will be tough for this region, but LPM sales in Asia ramped up more slowly than we anticipated following the Chinese New Year. The run rate has picked up for this business, so we expect to see a return to double-digit growth for LPM Asia over the balance of the year. To that end, we completed the expansion of LPM's plant in Pune, India where we continue to see exciting growth opportunities. Globally, this business has solid, long-term growth drivers, stable to improving operating margins and generates a lot of cash. You'll hear much more about our strategies and outlook for this business from LPM's President Don Nolan during the May Investor Meeting. First quarter results for Retail Branding and Information Solutions reflect the trends we saw in the back half of last year. We expect to see improvement in the RBIS growth rate over the balance of the year, with both easier comparisons and the success of our growth strategies. Recall that we have now passed the anniversary of retailer decisions to reduce unit volumes to beat the anticipated higher impact -- or impact of higher prices. Given the seasonality in this business, the second quarter will be an important benchmark for assessing how this market is progressing, as well as testing the traction of our key growth initiatives. As discussed in previous calls, the major challenge for RBIS has been achieving margin improvement objective in a lower growth environment. Over the past few years, we've been steadily restructuring this business to reduce fixed costs. We ramped up this activity in the second half of last year and expect to continue these efforts over the next few years. The next wave of actions is focused on factory efficiency and the further consolidation of production. We'll shrink square footage in manufacturing and invest at less than the rate of D&A to deliver solid free cash flow in this more volatile market environment. As with LPM, you'll hear much more about the strategies and outlook for this business from RBIS President, Sean Neville, during the May Investor Meeting.  Moving on, in light of the previously announced agreement to sell Office and Consumer Products, this business is reported as a discontinued operation. OCP increased sales on a year-over-year basis due to the new products we launched last year, including a healthy lift from the pipeline fill associated with Martha Stewart. The sale of OCP is in regulatory review, and we expect the transaction to close in the second half of the year.  So to sum up, with the first quarter coming in as expected, we're maintaining the full year EPS and free cash flow guidance we provided in January. As you know, the second quarter is the strongest of the year for us, so we'll wait to see how things progress here before updating guidance. In the meantime, during this uncertain environment, we are managing all businesses against a range of volume and inflation scenarios to ensure that we meet our earnings and free cash flow targets for the year. I'm looking forward to seeing you all at the meeting next month. And now Mitch will go through the quarter in more detail.
Mitchell R. Butier: Thanks, Dean. Starting with Slide 5 and talking through to Slide 7 of our financial review and analysis. Net sales declined about 3% or 1% on an organic basis as the slowdown in volume that started in the second quarter last year continued largely as anticipated. Lower volume was partially offset by the impact of last year's price increases. Volume for the company was down low single digits, reflecting declines on both segments and the Other specialty converting businesses. As you may recall, we had a relatively strong first quarter last year followed by declines beginning in the second quarter, so the comparisons to prior year will ease across most of our businesses for the remainder of the year.  Despite the sales decline, operating margin improved 30 basis points compared to last year on a GAAP basis or 60 basis points before restructuring costs to both productivity and higher prices. We continue to drive productivity across the company. RBIS was the biggest source of productivity in the quarter, reflecting the accelerated restructuring actions we've discussed. As we've mentioned in previous calls, we offset the raw material inflation that we experienced over the past 2 years through a combination of price increases and cost reduction. Commodity pricing has been relatively stable for us recently, but if we do see inflation heat up again, we will again move quickly to mitigate the impact of rising raw material costs through both raw material substitution and further price increases. Our first quarter effective tax rate on continuing operations was 29%. The adjusted tax rate increased from 24% to 34%, in line with expectations. We continue to anticipate a full year tax rate in the low- to mid-30% range, with a cash tax rate in the upper 20% range, similar to the full year rate for 2011. So looking at earnings for the quarter, adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.45.  Before I turn to the segments, let me touch on free cash flow and the balance sheet for a moment. Free cash flow came in a little better, that is less negative than anticipated and was much improved compared to last year. While our first quarter operating results usually represent a net use of cash for us, the results for the first quarter of this year -- of both this year and last were atypical. Bonus payments for prior year performance are made in the first quarter. These payments were above average in 2011 and were below average this year. You may also recall that we had higher than usual working capital early last year that we worked down by the second half. We maintained this tight working capital to management in Q1 and will continue to do so.  All things considered, I'm pleased with the strong performance we had in the first quarter as we strive to achieve our free cash flow objectives for the year. As for debt levels, we are within the range of our targeted leverage, with net debt to EBITDA of 1.9x. With the strength of our cash flow and balance sheet, we repurchased 2.4 million shares during the quarter at an aggregate cost of $72 million.  Now turning to Slide 8. Pressure-sensitive Materials sales were roughly flat on an organic basis, as the price increases we implemented last year were offset by the impact of modestly lower volumes. The PSM volume decline reflected a slowdown in Label and Packaging Materials globally, partially offset by growth in the Graphics and Reflective Solutions business. Breaking apart LPM's volume by region, we experienced low-single-digit growth in North America, while Europe declined at a low-single-digit rate. Volume trends for both of these regions were consistent with what we saw in the fourth quarter. In contrast, the trend for emerging markets deteriorated somewhat compared to recent quarters. On an organic basis, LPM's emerging market sales were comparable to prior year due in large part to the tough year-on-year comps in Asia that Dean described earlier. To put in context, LPM Asia grew by approximately 20% in the first quarter of 2011. In addition to these tough comps, we also experienced softer-than-expected demand in Asia following the Chinese New Year. Now sales in Asia are rebounding, and we expect this region to return to above-average growth rates for the remainder of the year.  PSM's reported operating margin improved 50 basis points or 40 basis points before the impact of restructuring due to productivity initiatives and pricing actions taken last year to offset higher raw material costs. Retail Branding and Information Solutions sales were down approximately 4% on an organic basis. The sales decline was consistent with recent trends, reflecting lower unit demand from retailers and brands in the U.S. and Europe. RBIS's operating margin declined 130 basis points or 60 basis points before restructuring charges and other items due to the impact of lower volume, which we partially offset to productivity initiatives. As a reminder, Q1 is usually the year's softest quarter for this business while Q2 is the peak. Reported sales for the other specialty converting businesses were up 1% on an organic basis due to pricing. Operating margin improved 130 basis points or 280 basis points before restructuring due to the benefit of pricing and productivity actions. Year-on-year margin improvement for other specialty converting also reflected one-time costs in the prior year related to a warehouse fire, which were largely offset by the impact of other factors, including a product line divestiture.  Moving on to the outlook for 2012. On Slide 10, we've highlighted the key factors that we think will contribute to our P&L and cash flow in 2012. Slide 11 has our EPS and free cash flow guidance. Given our seasonality, uncertain global economic conditions and limited forward visibility, our estimates continue to reflect a relatively wide range. Given this, we continue to estimate organic sales growth in 2012 between 1% and 4%. Based on current rates, the impact from currency on EBIT is now estimated to have an approximate $15 million negative impact versus 2011. Our estimates for the tax rate, restructuring, capital expenditures, pension costs and average shares outstanding remain unchanged for 2012 from what we shared with you last quarter. We also continue to expect that the combination of OCP's free cash flow and net proceeds from the sale will total approximately $400 million. Based on the estimated sales, as well as the listed factors and other assumptions, our EPS and free cash flow guidance remain unchanged. We expect adjusted 2012 earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.80 to $2.15 and free cash flow from continuing operations of $275 million to $325 million. Earnings in the second quarter are expected to be between 25% and 30% of full year earnings. Overall, the first quarter was in line with expectation, and we've demonstrated our commitment to maintaining financial strength and returning more cash to shareholders. Now we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I want to go through some of the volume trends to the extent that you can comment on them early in the second quarter by region. At this juncture, what are you seeing early in the quarter? And then the second question would be specific to Asia. Aside from what we've seen in the macro press, was there any -- in the macro from the press, what was some of the factor that drove the weaker than normal recovery post new year and, again, what kind of growth are you seeing right now within Asia and specifically within China?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, George, it's Dean. I -- going through it by region, really for Pressure-sensitive, because I think it's the most relevant comparisons. We saw growth in the first quarter in North America, and we're continuing to see growth going into the second quarter. It's only been 3 weeks, and Easter, of course, is a bit of a factor in that first 3 weeks. But it still looks about the same. Europe was weak. It was down. Again, it was what we expected it, and continuing to see the same trends. I think maybe a little slower than expected rebound after Easter, but this [indiscernible] to be a holiday period in Europe and so I never really put much stock into it until we roll into, frankly, late May and early June. So again, I think it's really the same trend. Asia, the #1 factor for us in Pressure-sensitive was the amount of pre-buy that we had seen from label converters. At -- right at the end of the quarter, we had announced that Q2 price increase, and it was much stronger than we expected. Looking backward, it's easy to see what the trend was. And now, what we're seeing is an acceleration of growth. We had a strong March, and April looks to me to be even a bit stronger on -- especially on a year-over-year basis, and China especially seems to be rebounding. So I feel pretty confident that we'll be back on track there. I think that after Chinese New Year, there -- people will just trade in inventories, and you're reading the macro press about China slowing down a little bit. I wish we would slow down to an 8% growth rate but -- here in the U.S., so I'm not panicking about it, believe me. Besides, the Chinese government's really focused on generating more demand for consumer spending in China. That's a good trend for us. So again, I remain pretty confident there. And I guess, did that answer it all, I'm not sure.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It did. I had 2 follow-ons. One, you mentioned that the second quarter will be an important benchmark for RBIS. What type -- if you have the type of quarter that you would like relative to the growth initiatives that you'd had -- that you'll have, what type of performance should we expect from RBIS? I mean, what kind of volume growth would you like to see on a more normal basis? And then, the other question I had would be, we've seen it really over the last 1.5 years where the brand owners and the retailers have kept inventory very low, and so you get this on-again, off-again order pattern. Are you seeing any kind of -- if you agree with that premise, are you seeing any kind of change in that behavior from your customers or their customers at this juncture?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. I think at a high-level, 2% to 5% top line growth for RBIS mix would make sense to me, given the overall market demand, given there were some pre-buy from last year into the first quarter to these high cotton prices versus this year where we don't really have that impact. And here are some other factors. I mean, retail apparel sales, for example, in the U.S. have trended up quite nicely at the consumer level in the first quarter. Some of that was due to warm weather, some of that was due to a little bit earlier Easter. But the inventory-to-sales ratio dropped down by quite a depth at the end of the quarter, which, for me, is a good sign. That means retailers' inventories are in really low -- they're low, which is a good thing for us. The early read on the import data for Q1 shows that imports were actually down double digits in the first quarter. We haven't got all that -- all this sorted out yet, which is an indicator that, again, that retailers were pretty conservative in Q1 against pretty good sales trend. It also tells us we'll likely gained some market share, given our growth was a little better than that. And so, I don't think retailers are doing on-again, off-again, George. I think they're transitioning more from a batch mode to a continuous slow mode. And so it may feel like on-again, off-again, but retailers are just placing smaller orders, trying to get them delivered more quickly and chasing demand rather than trying to predict what's going to happen in the future, which overall, is a good thing for us. It does represent occasionally some choppiness if some inventory flows out of the system. So I'm moderately optimistic, actually, about the second quarter, especially in the U.S. I think consumer trends are looking good. And again, the wildcard for me is still Europe. Both Europe -- both European retailers and U.S. retail, our business, was down about the same in the first quarter. So I couldn't really get -- I didn't get much insight from that.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Ghansham Panjabi, Robert W. Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Dean, on the weakness in Asia, were there any specific end markets that were particularly soft? And can you sort of parse between some of the more consumer staples end markets you sell into versus some of the more macro-sensitive?
Dean A. Scarborough: I think China is obviously our biggest country in emerging markets in Asia, and things were pretty soft the first couple of months of the year. And -- but March was a lot stronger, so I felt good about the trajectory. And again, probably 80% to 90% of that business is all focused on local consumer demand. It's not really focused on export markets or export volumes, whereas RBIS in China is definitely -- it's related to apparel exports from the region. So that was the big factor. We saw good growth in South Asia. That looked okay, but China was really the big swing factor. We saw -- we did see some slowdown in the ASEAN region.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then on RBIS, you'd mentioned volume sort of being comparable between Europe and North America, which frankly seems a little surprising. The apparel sales, as you referenced in the U.S., was pretty strong. Do you have a sense as to what point of sale is doing in apparel for Europe in aggregate?
Dean A. Scarborough: I don't really had anything right here in front of me. My sense is that POS is weaker in Europe. We've been doing a pretty good job in taking market share there, so I think fundamentally, that helped. Also we're much more -- we have a higher percentage of sales in the mass market in the U.S. than we do in Europe. And mass-market sales had been hurt more than, let's say, vertical retail or some of the global brands. And so that tends to sort of dampen the U.S. results a little bit when things are soft.
Mitchell R. Butier: Ghansham, on point of sale, that's based on sales level, not units. And given that there were some price increases overall, there is some pricing into that, whereas our volumes obviously -- our sales are obviously based on volume.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, all right. And just finally, on RBIS, can you just sort of update us on the restructuring program there, what's been done? And also are you investing in technology as well as looking at some of the redundancies on, perhaps, manufacturing side there?
Dean A. Scarborough: Sure. I mean, the -- a lot of the restructuring we did in the back half of last year was really around SG&A and taking out some of that infrastructure. And as you know, we've had a continuous process of driving more productivity. We have platform teams, we call them. So for every product category, we have a global view on how each type of production platform is going in every single plant in the world, and those teams have done a terrific job driving improved productivity, improved quality, improve service and actually creating a lot of capacity. Some of that capacity has also come from our investment in digital technology. So converting some of our offset and some of our roll-to-roll flexo manufacturing into digital, that simply allows us to be heck of a lot more efficient and requires less overhead to manage. And so we've been continually investing in that over the past few years. And so that's been a powerful influence. We don't tend to do a lot of restructuring in the second quarter. We did some in the first quarter from a manufacturing footprint perspective, but because Q2 is such a busy season for us, that -- moving equipment around and doing a restructuring activity during the quarter usually doesn't make a whole lot of sense. So we'll probably be doing more in the second half of the year.
Mitchell R. Butier: And Ghansham, on your question on the investments and technology, we are making the investments in digital that Dean mentioned as well as we've talked about investments in some information systems. We're doing some in the order entry right now, as well as -- or just went live with one big plant, and we got a couple of more plants for manufacturing system implementations later this year.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So organic sales growth you said was down 1% in the first quarter, and yet -- and it was below your expectation and yet you held the organic growth guidance at the 1% to 4% range for the full year. Can you just talk to us a little bit about what keeps you comfortable that you can still get to the lower end of that guidance range? And then maybe what needs to happen in order to get to the higher end of the range?
Dean A. Scarborough: It's -- you know, I think the -- it came in pretty close to our expectations. We would have liked to see a little bit stronger sales trend. But again, the second quarter is so important to us that we prefer to leave the guidance range kind of where it is. I mean, the big factor, frankly, is going to be in the back half of the year. That's when we expect -- the comps get easier in the back half of the year. We expect traction from some of our growth initiatives. And we just -- I think that's what we're really counting on.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And does it -- how much of it is -- you think that volumes are actually going to get better or is it any price increases that you still have in the system now? Or -- you sort of mentioned you might be lapping the price increase?
Mitchell R. Butier: If you're trying to trend rate versus what we saw, you start it off with a discussion about our year-over-year growth rate in Q1. Remember that the comps get much easier for the rest of the year. And so, if you think about what has to happen for the low end of the guidance, actually, pretty anemic year-over-year growth for the remainder of the year despite the easier comps. At the high end, we need to get into the mid-single-digit growth rates for the company by the second half. And so that's the range of what needs to happen.
Dean A. Scarborough: As far as pricing goes, we've been having a number of practical price actions still ongoing. They're pretty small. And we just anticipate if we see inflation, we'll raise prices. If we don't, we won't. So that's pretty -- I think pretty typical, and hopefully, we've established a pretty good track record of showing we can pass on raw material costs when they happen.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And the share buyback in the quarter, was that an anticipation of the closure of the OCP sale or should we think of this as a separate return of capital to shareholders?
Dean A. Scarborough: Really had nothing to do with OCP. We had been committing to return more cash to shareholders, and we were really restricted from doing so last year because of the pending OCP transaction. Our balance sheet was in really -- was really good shape at the end of the year. So this is just part of our ongoing strategy, and frankly, we're pleased to be able to actually demonstrate it.
Operator: Our next question from the line of John McNulty, Crdit Suisse.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. First of all, with regard to raw materials, I know they were surging, I guess, early this year. Have they crested for you yet or are you still continuing to see raw material inflation? And then tied to that, are you caught up on pricing or is there still more catch-up to go?
Dean A. Scarborough: We're caught up on pricing at a high level. There's still a couple of regions in the world where due to currency impacts or some material issues, we're still in the process of raising prices, especially in the Materials businesses. I see the current level of inflation is moderating. I wouldn't really characterize it either way. We've managed to be able to push back some potential increases from suppliers, I mean, suppliers are always out there testing our resolve. And so far, we've been able to -- our procurement guys have been able to do a great job there, and just frankly, they've created lots of options for us from a sourcing perspective.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just -- the last question would be, when you close on the sale of the Office business, it looks like your leverage ratio will be somewhere around 1.1x EBITDA, something like that. What do you think is the right ratio for you if that level seems, based on your cash flow, to be pretty low? And I guess, I'm wondering could we see a more aggressive use of cash in terms of how it's returned to the shareholder? How should we think about that going forward?
Mitchell R. Butier: Sure. What we've said is that our target is, just using this simple calculation, to be less than 2x. And we haven't actually commented on how much of the net proceeds in the free cash flow from this year, the $400 million, are going to go towards debt and share repurchases. The 1.1 sounds like that would be getting very low.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Your other specialty converting business has sales of, order of magnitude, $550 million. And it makes no money. Why is that? And what should be the normalized margin of that segment?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. So there's a number -- so it's a sort of mixture of different businesses in there. The largest single business in that category is our performance tapes business, which is profitable. And then we also have some of our converting businesses, the stamps, battery labels, automotive products, that's also a profitable business. Both those businesses had kind of a tough year last year and are on a recovery track, so we feel pretty good about that. There -- we also have a number of our start-up businesses in there. So for example, our RFID inlay business sits in that portfolio, it's been running at a pretty significant loss the last few years. It actually made a little bit of money in the first quarter. So it really started to track upward. So I would -- I don't think we've actually set a target for what other specialty converting should be from a margin target. But it will be on an improvement trend again, as there are a number of our investments in growth start to pay off. And as we start to see an improving trajectory on our performance tapes business on a go-forward basis.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Does it make sense to sell any of the businesses that are in there? Or are these all businesses that you see as strategic?
Dean A. Scarborough: The performance tapes business is really in adjacency to Pressure-sensitive Materials for reasons that I don't really understand. We have to report that in Other rather than in Pressure-sensitive Materials and I'll defer to our auditors on why that is, kind of silly. But it's a business we've been in for a long time. For any one of our businesses in the portfolio, especially the smaller ones, if we saw a way for us to create more value for shareholders by selling it to someone who would value it more than we would, we do, and I think we've demonstrated that with the OCP transaction. So I'd say an ongoing portfolio review is something we do at the board every year. We sold the product line last year, you'll recall. We believe that, that was the right thing to do with that particular part of the business. But I think the tapes business, it's a good part of the portfolio. I expect to see an ongoing improvement trend. And with RFID, frankly, we did take some actions to integrate that business into -- under the management of RBIS. So we've taken out some overhead, because all the growth frankly -- or a lot of the growth is coming from the apparel sector. We really want to make sure we're focus in on that. And we've kept a small team to make sure we keep in touch with other verticals that may emerge.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Just a couple more. What's the timing of the Hart-Scott-Rodino decision from the government? When do you expect them to rule?
Dean A. Scarborough: So we're in the second review process, which is exactly what we expected. I would expect to hear from the Department of Justice sometime in the middle part of the summer.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In midsummer?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. Again, they always have the option to extend, so it's really in their hands at this point.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And what's your pension expense this year and your pension funding?
Dean A. Scarborough: Mitchell, can you...
Mitchell R. Butier: Sure. So our pension is underfunded, $285 million, that's all the various funds that we have in the U.S. And it's another -- the foreign pension is about $90 million on top of that, but the total underfunded position for the corporation.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So how much will you put into your pension this year?
Mitchell R. Butier: We're expecting to put about $70 million to $75 million into the pension this year. $50 million into the U.S. and 1/3 of that outside the U.S.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: $75 million. And what was your pension -- what will your pension expense be this year?
Mitchell R. Butier: $20 million.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Todd Wenning with Morningstar.
Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you'd give us some insights into some of the qualitative findings from your latest PSM price increase? And if those results have changed or confirm the way you'll increase prices going forward?
Dean A. Scarborough: Sorry, I didn't quite understand the question. Can you repeat it?
Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Sure. I was wondering if you'd give us some insight into the -- some of the qualitative findings from your latest PSM price increase, and if those results have changed or confirmed the way you'll institute your price increases going forward.
Dean A. Scarborough: One of the things last year that seemed to work pretty well was in a couple of markets, we used surcharges that were based on some public commodity indices to institute price increases. And that, frankly, enabled us to recoup some of that inflation on a more rapid basis. I think customers appreciated that. And some of -- in other words, some of the price increase was -- we announced was firm, and the rest was -- could be negotiated. And a couple of those surcharges have actually rolled back in the first quarter. So I think customers actually appreciate the fact that we are willing to move it up when it goes up, and then we'll move it off when these commodity prices come down. So I think that has actually worked pretty well, having kind of a balanced approach.
Todd Wenning - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Great. And could you just give us a quick update on labor cost in China? Has wage inflation improved or does it remain a concern?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, it's the same for everybody there. It's 15% to 20%, especially at the minimum wage level where governments basically turn to drive wage rates up, especially in the South of China. So that's -- that affects everybody, but certainly affects the entire apparel industry.
Operator: Our next question from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research Group.
Gaji Balakaneshan - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: This is actually Gaji Balakaneshan in for John. I guess the comment was made about retail apparel sales trending up in the U.S., but the sales-to-inventory ratio went lower. Is that indicative of what you're seeing globally? And is there a potential continuation of inventory correction for RBIS going on?
Dean A. Scarborough: I think, and I don't have the chart here in front of me, I actually think it hit a new all-time low. And so -- I mean, sure, it's always a possibility it could go good lower, but I think for the most part, retailers are chasing demand and chasing orders. They don't like to lose sales, so there's always a limit to that. So I actually think given where the ratio is, it's probably at a 20-year low. There's probably more upside for us than downside.
Gaji Balakaneshan - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Have you seen any signs of stabilization there?
Dean A. Scarborough: It's been pretty -- I mean, we saw a major shift in the inventory-to-sales ratio after the 2009 recession, and it pretty much stayed in a fairly narrow band. We can send you the chart. You can see it and -- although it really, the last couple of ones have ticked down quite a bit.
Gaji Balakaneshan - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And then for your Asian LPM, kind of like a hypothetical scenario here. If the normalized rate excluding the Chinese New Year was, say, 100, could you give a sense of what first quarter was or -- and maybe what the second quarter could be?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we normally grow in a double-digit rate in China. We didn't grow in the first quarter, but we grew, I think, 20% in the first quarter of 2011. Some of that 20% was borrowing from the second quarter of 2011. So we'll be back at a double-digit rate in the -- I'd say low- to mid-double-digit rate in the second quarter, and that's how it's tracking now and I'm pretty confident that will continue. So that I'd see -- I'm not sure how to index that, but that's how the trend has been working.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Very quickly. Is there any capacity that we should be aware of coming on in Pressure-sensitive that you know within your network or elsewhere in the industry? Pretty benign at this juncture in terms of capacity. And then just a quick question. I thought you would have had maybe a little bit of pressure on adhesive cost in the quarter. Certainly had a good quarter in Pressure-sensitive overall, but was that a cost factor that now hopefully maybe is abating for you in 2Q through 4Q?
Dean A. Scarborough: There's been -- and first of all, the only major capacity, it's really been us in India and South Asia, that was an important investment for us. I haven't seen anything of significance, though, anywhere else in the world. And there's been some investments lately in South America that's been over the last couple of years, so nothing really recent. And your second question was about...
Mitchell R. Butier: Inflation.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And adhesive costs in particular.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. As far as that goes, if you look year-over-year, we're not expecting much inflation for the full year. If you look sequentially, George, there was a spike in some of the chemical commodities that we buy, adhesive components specifically. We've been able to defer a lot of that out of Q1. There is a potential for some modest inflation in Q2 sequentially, and we're working to manage that as we speak.
Operator: Mr. Scarborough, there are no further questions at this time. Sir, I will turn the call back to you.
Dean A. Scarborough: Okay. Thank you, France. Well, just to sum up, we're focused on execution, delivering on our sales, EPS and free cash flow targets despite a somewhat uncertain outlook. Emerging markets, we believe, will be back on track and, of course, that's a key element of our growth plans on a go-forward basis. We're also going to continue to drive sales growth with many of the new products that we launched in the second half of 2011. We expect to see that gaining some traction in the back half of the year. We're going to continue to drive productivity, and if sales growth doesn't emerge, we'll continuously assess new actions like we always do. As well as continue to monitor inflation, work hard on the procurement side. But again, if inflation rate is up, we'll be out raising prices again. And we'll be continuing to invest in the businesses at a rate less than depreciation and amortization, which will enable us to return more cash to shareholders. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation, and kindly ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-31 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds -  Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Mitchell R. Butier - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year Ended December 31, 2011. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 1:00 p.m. Pacific time today through midnight Pacific time, February 3. To access the replay, please dial 1 (800) 633-8284 or 1 (402) 977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21543229. I'd now like to turn the call over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. You may proceed, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Today, we'll discuss our preliminary, unaudited fourth quarter and full year 2011 results. Please note that unless otherwise indicated, today's discussion will be focused on our continuing operations. The company's Office and Consumer Products business is classified on our income statement as a discontinued operation. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP in schedules A-2 to A-5 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are made subject to the Safe Harbor statement, included in today's earnings release. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mitch Butier, Senior Vice President and CFO.  I'll now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Eric. Despite the challenges of over $200 million of raw material inflation and a sudden downshift in volume in the second quarter that lasted the rest of the year, the businesses delivered more operating income than last year before restructuring costs, as well as nearly $300 million in free cash flow. Our ability to raise prices and to accelerate productivity enabled us to hold our margins in difficult market conditions. We further reduced our leverage, increased our dividend and contributed $70 million to our pension plan. Our intention was to return even more cash to shareholders last year, but we were restricted due to the Office and Consumer Products divestiture plan. Net sales increased 4% for the full year, mainly due to pricing and currency, which offset sluggish unit volumes caused by lower market demand in many of the vertical end markets we serve. We took a significant step forward with the agreement to sell our Office and Consumer Products business consistent with our strategy to maximize its value for shareholders.  Now turning to the businesses. In 2011, sales for the Pressure-sensitive Materials segment grew about 4% in local currency due to the pricing actions we took. We held segment operating margin, excluding restructuring, roughly flat year-over-year. I'd like to note that in challenging market conditions, Pressure-sensitive Materials operating income, excluding restructuring, is roughly $80 million higher than it was 2 years ago at the low point of the recession.  Our Label and Packaging Materials business, which is by far the largest component of the segment, is a market leader with strong competitive advantages. We have differentiated products, especially in the faster growing film categories. We have scale, which enables us to run more efficiently and buy raw materials more effectively than competitors. Label and Packaging Materials is an innovation leader as well. Last year, with relatively modest investments, we introduced nearly 20 product innovations that will help us accelerate profitable growth and extend our leadership position in key markets over the mid to long term. Retail Branding and Information Solutions was impacted by volume declines more than Pressure-sensitive Materials. Full year sales were down 3% in local currency. Record high cotton prices caused retailers and brand owners to raise prices dramatically, which caused unit volumes to decline. In the fourth quarter, for example, apparel unit imports to the United States dropped more than 12%. Despite this drop, we successfully held RBIS operating margin through a combination of productivity actions and lower employee-related costs. This was a major accomplishment in this high variable margin business. The major challenge for RBIS has been achieving our margin improvement objectives with almost no sales growth since 2008. We made major progress in 2010 as sales rebounded from the 2009 recession, but last year's challenging unit volume environment stalled our progress. Given the more unpredictable market environment going forward, especially with challenges in Europe, we're accelerating our efforts to reduce fixed costs in RBIS. We enjoy competitive advantages in apparel branded and Information Solutions. No one else has the global reach that matches the scale of the apparel supply chain, but we can be more efficient while preserving these advantages.  During 2011, we accelerated productivity actions by consolidating production and making our factories more efficient. The benefit of lowering our breakeven point enabled us to maintain margins x structuring in a slower volume environment. Over the next few years, we'll continue to shrink our square footage in manufacturing as the benefits of Lean Six Sigma and new manufacturing and information technology enable us to serve customers more efficiently. We'll continue to invest in RBIS at less than our rate of depreciation and amortization, ensuring that the business delivers solid free cash flow in this more volatile market environment. Our goal is to continue to drive down our breakeven point, so we can reach our margin targets with lower volume growth. We're continuing to invest in organic growth for the business. Apparel unit tagging with RFID grew by 60% this year, and we have several new retailers adopting the technology in 2012. There is strong interest from customers in our new Agility HD line of heat transfer solutions for high definition exterior graphics. This is a great example of using our material science capability to provide new solutions for existing customers.  And finally, we made solid progress this year in building our offerings to retailers and brand owners in new and emerging markets, including Japan, where we have very low market share.  To sum up, 2011 was about maintaining the leadership positions of our 2 core businesses. With disciplined pricing and improvements in productivity through restructuring and Enterprise Lean Sigma, we delivered operating income growth before restructuring. And we generated strong free cash flow. These accomplishments are a tribute to our employees, who did an outstanding job executing price increases and taking other actions to mitigate raw material inflation, as well as driving productivity and working capital improvement. I want to thank them for their efforts. For 2012, the economic environment remains uncertain, especially in Europe, and we're assuming a continued lack of momentum. We expect modest growth in sales with higher contributions from emerging markets. We'll continue to focus on increasing our operational efficiency, and we expect to see improvement in earnings and another year of solid free cash flow. We're committed to increased returns of cash to shareholders, and at the same time, we're continuing to invest modestly in organic growth programs to strengthen our competitive advantages. And now Mitch will go over the quarter and the outlook.
Mitchell R. Butier: Thanks, Dean. Starting with Slide 6 and talking through to Slide 8 of our financial review and analysis. Sales in the fourth quarter were up about 0.5% organically as the impact of our price increases was partially offset by lower volume. Volume for the company was down approximately 1.5% and in line with our most recent expectations. Volume was flat in PSM and declined in RBIS and in our Other Specialty Converting businesses. The negative volume trend that we began to experience in Q2 lessened again, but we continue to experience soft end-market demand and uncertainty, particularly in Europe. Fourth quarter operating margin was down 80 basis points compared to last year due to the impact of restructuring costs and other items. The biggest increase in restructuring costs was in RBIS as we've accelerated our productivity measures in that business. I'll comment more on that in a moment.  Adjusted operating margin was roughly flat to last year as pricing and productivity initiatives offset increased raw material costs. While we are seeing inflation in some of the commodities we use, raw material costs in the aggregate have stabilized. But they still remain high. As we discussed last quarter, we've successfully offset the raw material inflation that we began to experience in mid-2010 by implementing price increases and productivity initiatives. Our fourth quarter effective tax rate on continuing operations was 22%, and our full year tax rate on continuing operations increased from negative 1% last year to 34%. You may recall that in the fourth quarter of 2010 we had a significant tax benefit due to a discrete funding event. The difference in discrete events was a gain last year and charges this year is the primary reason for the major swing in the full year and fourth quarter tax rates. The major discrete event this -- last quarter was a settlement of a tax matter in a foreign jurisdiction mostly related to Office and Consumer Products. This resulted in a charge to earnings of $0.12 per share, $0.09 in disc ops and $0.03 in continuing ops. Additionally, like last quarter, a contributing factor to the increase in the tax rate for the year and quarter was lower pretax income. As we discussed last time, this impacts us in 2 ways: First, lower tax rates in certain jurisdictions outside the U.S. are achieved only when we pass certain income thresholds. And second, lower pretax income diminishes our ability to utilize tax loss carry-forwards and other tax credits. Now these comments relate to the GAAP tax rate. As we've said before, the goal of our tax funding is to reduce the amount of tax that's actually paid in any given year and we measure this through the cash tax rates. Our cash tax rate has been in the mid- to upper 20% range for the past few years and have been trending down modestly.  Looking at earnings for the quarter. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.36. Adjusted EPS from discontinued operations, that is Office and Consumer Products, was $0.03. For a combined total of $0.39. And if you exclude the impact of the tax settlement I referred to earlier, it will be $0.51. Before getting into the segment, I want to comment on our free cash flow. In the first half of the year, our free cash flow was well below prior year levels due to lower operating results and higher working capital, as well as the timing of pension payments. Looking at the full year, our free cash flow came in at approximately $290 million. This is ahead of the expectations that we provided last quarter, largely due to a continuation of the significant progress we made in Q3 and returning to more typical working capital levels, as well as lower capital expenditures. Turning to Slide 9. Our Pressure-sensitive Materials segment delivered 3% organic sales growth driven by pricing. PSM's volume in the fourth quarter was flat, an improvement over the third quarter's 2% volume decline. This improvement in the trend reflects Label and Packaging Materials North American volumes swinging positive in the quarter, while the level of the volume decline in Europe moderated. LPM's volumes in emerging markets grew in the mid-single digits, a modest improvement from the Q3 pace, but below its historical and expected average. In PSM's Graphics and Reflective solutions business, sales and volumes were up mid-single digits in the quarter. And PSM's operating margin was essentially flat as the benefit of pricing actions and productivity initiatives offset increased raw material costs. Retail Branding and Information Solutions sales were down approximately 4% on an organic basis in the fourth quarter. The lower sales were due to a continuation of the trend we saw in the second and third quarters, with lower volume reflecting unit softness in the apparel market. As in the second and third quarters, the fourth quarter declines were most pronounced among mass-market retailers and in Europe. RBIS' operating margin was down due to the additional restructuring actions. Adjusted margin was roughly flat compared to the prior year as the benefit of productivity initiatives offset the impact of lower volumes. In the past, you may have heard us talk about how we will expand the margins in RBIS through both growth and through productivity. Now we remain confident in our ability to grow this business faster than the market. However, given the soft market environment of the past couple of years, we are not going to rely as much on volumes to get the margins and returns up in RBIS and are expanding and accelerating our productivity initiatives to reduce operating costs as much as its capital base. This strategy will enable us to improve the returns in this business without so much reliance on volume. Sales of our Other Specialty Converting businesses declined 3% organically due primarily to softer demand for tapes. Adjusted margin was down due to the lower volume.  Moving on to the outlook for 2012. On Slide 11, we've summarized the key factors that we expect to contribute to our P&L and cash flow in 2012.  Slide 12 has our EPS and free cash flow guidance. We estimate organic growth -- sales growth in 2012 between 1% and 4%. As you know, our level of sales growth can be difficult to predict, and even more so in a period of uncertainty. Reflecting this, we are using a wider range than usual for both sales growth and earnings. As for currency, in 2011 currency added 2.5% to reported sales for the full year and $60 million to EBIT. In 2012, currency at January rates would reduce reported growth by about 3% and reduce EBIT by approximately $18 million. The major headwinds against operating profit in 2012 are expected to be currency, employee-related expenses and general inflation.  In 2011, we implemented restructuring actions that cost $45 million to achieve $55 million in annualized savings, of which 1/4 was realized in 2011 and the remainder is expected largely to happen in 2012. Part of this was done in anticipation of the divestiture of Office and Consumer Products. In 2012, new restructuring actions are currently estimated to cost about $25 million. And as you know, we are always evaluating further opportunities to reduce costs. As for taxes. In 2012, we're planning for an effective tax rate for continuing operations in the low to mid 30% range and a cash tax rate in the upper 20% range. Our cash tax rate is lower than our P&L rate due to the benefits of past planning activities. We are expecting pension contributions of at least $75 million in 2012. We say at least because we like to make a pension contribution with a portion of the proceeds from the sale of OCP. In terms of where we stand on the pension, at year end 2011, our U.S. plan in total was $285 million underfunded. Despite our pension contributions in 2011, the underfunded amount increased year-over-year primarily due to a lower discount rate. As for the sale of OCP, we estimate that the combination of net proceeds and free cash flow from the sale of office products will total approximately $400 million. For now, we're going to talk about net proceeds and free cash flow from OCP as one number because they're so interrelated. As we said when we announced the signing of the definitive agreement, we intend to use the proceeds from the transaction primarily to reduce debt, make additional pension contributions and repurchase shares. We expect the majority of the combined proceeds and cash flow from OCP will be used for share repurchases. Turning to guidance for EPS and free cash flow. Based on estimated sales and other assumptions, including the listed factors, we expect adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations in 2012 of $1.80 to $2.15 and free cash flow of $275 million to $325 million. Earnings in the first quarter are expected to be between 20% and 25% of our full year earnings guidance. Overall, while 2011 was a challenging year, we took a number of important steps in executing our strategy. We successfully maintained our margins despite significant inflation by raising prices and driving productivity. We demonstrated once again the strong cash flow potential of our businesses regardless of market conditions. We announced the planned sale of Office and Consumer Products. And we've reaffirmed our commitment to financial strength and returning cash to shareholders. This commitment is clear from our debt position, the increase to our dividend and the promise of more share repurchases.  Now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess the first question I had is on Pressure-sensitive Materials. The margins that you posted in the quarter, obviously, as you reported were impacted by input cost, raw materials that you've not offset yet. If you had 100% caught up to those raw materials in the quarter -- at the beginning of the quarter, I should say, what do you think your percentage margin would have looked like as opposed to what you posted?
Dean A. Scarborough: Actually, we caught up on the price inflation GAAP in the quarter.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So you were totally caught up. So is that margin then a normal margin going forward?
Mitchell R. Butier: No. Overall, I think, George, there's a couple of things changing with several -- because of several factors that are putting pressure on the actual margin. One is, because we've broken out and discontinued ops, the sales from Pressure-sensitive to Office and Consumer Products are now reported as sales for Pressure-sensitive, but that doesn't change the earnings because that was already in the baseline. But that does have a permanent adjustment overall to the margins within the business. We also, since the beginning of the whole inflation cycle about 6 quarters ago, raised prices about 5%. That puts about a 50 basis point headwind on the margin itself. So protecting margin dollars, but the margin percent goes down somewhat because of the higher sales prices. So those 2 effects, overall, have an impact on your normal base on how you'll be thinking about it. If you look within the quarter, just on the restated basis, you can see that the operating income in Pressure-sensitive was lowest in Q4. That's just because of the timing of certain costs, as well as the volume was a little bit lower on a sequential basis in Q4 than, say, it was in Q3. The average for the full year came out to 8.3%. And so mid-8% is what it was for 2011.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. One last question, I'll turn it over. I realize that the free cash flow, if you will, will be somewhat interrelated with ultimately what you receive net for OCP. But could you tell us, as of December 31, what the basis is for OCP. And even if you can't tell us that, what tax rate will be applied to that net difference between proceeds and basis when you finally do close on the transaction?
Dean A. Scarborough: George, it's a complicated question because there's a number of moving factors. Let me comment on a couple of the key moving parts. Our basis in this business can move quite a bit throughout the year. Because it's a seasonal business, as you know, we build inventories and then it's transferred to receivables in the second and early parts of the third quarter, raising our basis which would reduce our tax charge, if you will, when we sell this thing. But at the same time, that consumes free cash flow to be able to build those -- that working capital down. So the reason that we're looking at it and just talking about one number because it really depends on if this were to not go to second review and close sometime in March or close in June or July or close in September, October. It has a significant impact on the individual components while not having a significant impact on the overall net proceeds. To your question about the tax rate, a big part of the proceeds, the value will be signed to the U.S. We have a normal tax rate you'd expect within the U.S., 35%, actually 37.5% when you consider the state taxes and so forth. And the element signed outside the U.S., there's quite a few different jurisdictions with different tax rates.
Operator: Our following question will be from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Robert W. Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Can you help us reconcile the difference on the earnings guidance and also free cash flow guidance? At the midpoint, you're roughly $2 per share on EPS and $2.90 for free cash flow. I understand the CapEx to D&A is spread. But how should we think about working capital also in there?
Mitchell R. Butier: Working capital, you should assume we're going to keep the productivity at the level that we had in 2011.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And what is the D&A estimate for 2012 post the sale of OCP?
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, there is about $50 million of D&A in OCP. So it's about $230 million is what it was in 2011. They'll trend down modestly -- obviously because we're -- our reinvestment ratio is below 100%.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, because I'm still having trouble with the price between earnings and free cash flow.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, there's a number of moving parts between free cash flow from continuing ops versus disc ops. And are you talking about from 2011 to '12?
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: No, just looking at the earnings guidance for '12 which excludes...
Dean A. Scarborough: I think -- Ghansham, this is Dean. I think probably the reason is that we're not paying out very much management bonuses here, if any. So that's why the number would look as large as it would for 2012.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, all right, all right, okay. So maybe $250 million is a more sustainable number for free cash flow, is that fair?
Dean A. Scarborough: No. I mean, I -- we would certainly say that we expect our earnings to increase, especially as our business -- hopefully, the economy and our businesses continue to improve. So our goal is to continue to drive free cash flow at a level close to $300 million.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. But wouldn't that also imply, Dean, based on what you just said that CapEx would go up in that scenario also?
Dean A. Scarborough: Right now, we don't see a need to increase CapEx. Certainly, if business improves dramatically, yes, we would have to make some more investments. But we're really getting more and more productivity out of our existing assets.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, all right. And just finally, just sort of a bigger picture question. The vision for the company post the Office Products business, do you see yourselves purely focused on the 2 existing businesses and returning more cash flow to shareholders over time? Or should we expect some sort of a growth focus by M&A on the existing businesses, both RBIS and PSM?
Dean A. Scarborough: Certainly, for the short term, our focus is returning more cash to shareholders. We think we've got 2 strong businesses, both which throw off good free cash flow. We are making investments on organic growth, so beefing up a little bit of marketing spend and some of the R&D and innovation spend, which I think will certainly help us for the long term. We don't have any plans for, certainly, any large acquisitions on a go-forward basis.
Operator: The next question from the line of John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a few quick questions. In RBIS, with the restructuring and the kind of focus on deeper cost cuts and also it seems like maybe a little bit lower CapEx spend, should we be thinking about this business more as a cash cow type business going forward? I don't think when you bought Paxar that was what you were thinking. But I guess I'm wondering how you're thinking about that business going forward.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, it throws off great free cash flow. And what we've been able -- we've always said there have been 2 paths to getting to the margin. One is through growth, which is, frankly, an easier path because we've got high variable net margin from the business. And -- but given the volatility that we've seen in the marketplace in terms of unit volumes, the other path, frankly, is to drive accelerated productivity. And I think the other thing we've learned over the last -- especially over the last 18 months or so, and this is very similar to the -- to what we've learned in the Pressure-sensitive Materials business, we have released a lot of capacity through our work in Lean Six Sigma. And that will allow us to shrink the amount of manufacturing footprint in terms of square footage. So we can get a lot more out of our existing asset base on a go-forward basis. We've made investments in digital printing and workflow, that will pay off. And we've also figured out to invest in information technology instead of investing in a big ERP system, which would take years and years to get a payback. We're really focused on more of the high-value and quick turnaround payback. So we've got both growth and productivity baked into the business. I don't expect apparel unit volumes to decline forever. I mean, I just don't think that's going to happen. Well, we just got a different path forward so we're going to execute against that. In any case, we will have positive free cash flow out of this business.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. On the -- and then with regard to the Pressure-sensitive business, I guess I'm wondering if you're comfortable right now with how the pricing environment is. Like, are we starting to see kind of the pricing discipline? That -- I know a few weeks ago we've been -- we'd really been kind of focusing on and hoping for -- when I look at the margins, it doesn't seem like it's really coming through. So is the industry acting discipline? And how should we think about that going forward?
Dean A. Scarborough: It's hard for me to speak for our competition. But my sense is that the players in the market are focused on making money. And so the other thing that we're doing, frankly, is we've got a lot better information about how pricing works in the market. So our own strategy, kind of regardless the way competitors behave, seems to be working out pretty well. So I think, especially given this last round of inflation, we are seeing a good market here. And there hasn't been a lot of additional capacity added to the business in a number of years, so that's helpful as well.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And just one quick housekeeping. Your tax rate guidance, I'm a little bit surprised that we're not seeing it down a little bit given the sale of Office Products. So what's driving that? Or what's kind of holding the tax rate up where it is?
Mitchell R. Butier: What's holding the tax rate up is the sale of Office Products given that it's more weighted to the U.S. I think intuitively, I would say selling that business would reduce the tax rate otherwise. But it also requires further additional repatriation of cash and so forth into the U.S. And while we don't -- we've got a number of things in place to keep the cash tax rate into the 20s consistent where it's been for the last 5 years, the GAAP tax rate will actually go up. So a nuance of the -- just the geographic mix of income on a pretax basis with the sale of Office and Consumer Products but it's actually not having the effect that you probably think it would.
Operator: Our following question will be from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Will you begin your share repurchase program in 2012 when you receive the proceeds from the sale of the Office Products business? Or would you begin it before then?
Dean A. Scarborough: Jeff, we don't comment on the timing or amounts of share repurchase. I'll remind you though that we have about 6 million shares, I think, currently authorized for repurchase and that we are well below our target debt rating right now.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. The second thing is the -- I mean it looks like your Pressure-sensitive adhesives business has about $70 million in revenues, which I assume are sales of adhesives to office products. Is there a long-term agreement or some kind of agreement in place with 3M so that we might view those as ongoing sales? Or once the business goes, then those incremental revenues also go?
Dean A. Scarborough: So we have, as part of the deal, a 3-year supply agreement in which they will buy roughly those amounts over the next 3 years. And in return, we give them exclusivity and that agreement could be extended for another couple of years. And our goal in Pressure-sensitive will be to make ourselves just like we are with any other customer, viable and attractive, and 3M will make a decision whether or not they want to make it or buy it.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In the quarter, how much overhead was reallocated to the ongoing businesses?
Mitchell R. Butier: There was about 20 -- for the full year, there's about $20 million of overhead once we sell Office and Consumer Products for now that's being reallocated. You'll recall though, Jeff, at the middle of 2011, we announced an acceleration of restructuring to reduce some overhead costs, a portion of that was at the corporate office, if you will, in anticipation of the sale of OCP. So $20 million is the allocation impact, but our goal was actually to reduce the total amount of overhead allocated to reduce the actual margin head, if you will, to the remaining businesses.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. How much are the cash restructuring charges next year, Dean, for 2012?
Dean A. Scarborough: It's about $25 million.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Those are cash, okay. And then I guess lastly, did your raw materials in Pressure-sensitive come down sequentially in the fourth quarter as propylene came down? And do you have additional price increases in Pressure-sensitive planned for next year, for 2012?
Dean A. Scarborough: What we saw was a flattening out of the inflation. We obviously were still in somewhat of our catch-up mode in the back half of the year. There are price increases that are currently being implemented in Pressure-sensitive Materials today in some segments and in some geographies. And yes, so that's where we stand. I expect -- our expectation next year is there won't be a big impact in our earnings from either pricing or raw material inflation. In other words, they'll net out.
Operator: The following question will be from the line of John Roberts from Buckingham Research Group.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: The high tax rate, back to the question earlier, implied flat low or flattish global volumes in 2012, up in some areas but down maybe in Europe and offsetting so that we're flat?
Mitchell R. Butier: The tax rate assumes a range of the growth of 1% to 4% total. So it's different by geography, obviously, growing faster in both ends of the range in emerging markets and slower than that in the material markets. The assumption is Europe will be a little bit slower than North America.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: The share -- average shares outstanding guidance of $103 million, that's actually down, I think, 3.5% from the average that you had in 2011, is that correct?
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: All right. So you are going to buy back stock in the second half of the year, I would guess, that went to proceeds. You got the question earlier on it.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, that's the expectation. We built that. While we don't comment on the timing or amount, we wanted to give some clarity as to what we estimate the full year average will be.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And if the full year was down, say, 3.5%, you'd have to buy back double that, really, in the back half of the year to move the full year average down, right?
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. That will be the math.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And how does the forward orders look in RBIS? I mean, are we going to see any restocking effect? Your volume numbers would imply, although I didn't ask your RBIS separate from PSM, but the volume numbers would imply, I think, that you're not going to expect any restocking activity in 2012 by customers.
Dean A. Scarborough: We expect -- if you look at last year, you'll notice that our -- we had volume declines of about 7 -- 6% to 7% in the second and third quarter. In the fourth quarter, it was down about 3.5%. What we saw was actually improvements in the U.S. trajectory, and some deprovement in the European trajectory. Right now, it's Chinese New Year so we have 0 visibility on those forward orders for the fall season. And we'll start to see those in March, April, May. So we'll have some visibility. We're not expecting, certainly at the low end of our guidance range, a massive restocking. And we expect some moderate improvement at the high end of our guidance range. This is the one element I think that is probably the most difficult for us to predict, especially in Europe where we just don't know how retailers are going to respond.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We do have a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess first question I had, back to Pressure-sensitive materials. If I look at the incremental margin for the year which would include the effect of your pricing action and the reduction in percentage margins that you'd get from raising prices, I think the incremental I got was something around 6% or so, a little bit above that. Obviously, lower than the 8%, 8.5% range you showed for many of the quarters in your restated financials. How much of that do you think is lost operating leverage? How much of that is perhaps pricing that you didn't recapture? And I ask that because I think in answering John's question, you said you don't expect much net pricing in 2012. So help me understand that 6%?
Mitchell R. Butier: Sorry, George, I just wanted to understand. Are you trying to understand what the movers are on the Pressure-sensitive operating margin from '10 to '11?
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess maybe more just very basically your incremental margin Pressure-sensitive was like 6% in 2011, if I did it correctly. Yet you said you already caught up to raw material pricing. That seems low to me. Is there any impact from pricing competition despite the market being somewhat balanced and rational? Is there anything that would lead to a higher margin in 2012 since you said that net pricing versus inflation will have limited effect in '12?
Mitchell R. Butier: Right. So the overall impact -- if you look first of all from '10 and '11, volume was actually down for Pressure-sensitive, so that actually -- we had less fixed cost leverage, if you will. So that put some pressure on the margins overall. And then that was also largely offset by productivity and other lower costs. As you go forward to 2012, the biggest single factor in 2012 versus '11 is going to be volume, given the variable margins of this business. So if we're at low end of our range, Pressure-sensitive is the largest business, then that 1% volume growth is really, all other things being equal, just enough to offset inflation, if you will. I'm talking about nonmaterial towards the higher end of that range, then it starts dropping through to the bottom line much faster.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The 1% to 4% organic sales growth that you're guiding to, I realize it's your best estimate, its bottoms up driven by your teams. How comfortable are you about the low end of that range being achieved given what's obviously a very difficult environment to call relative to Europe in particular?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, here's the way, it's a really good question. At the bottom end of the range, George, let me step back for a second. So we tend to be an early cycle business. So when we saw conservatism in our end-use market supply chains where we saw price increases driving lower unit volume, we really got hit in the second quarter. I mean, we were driving 7% or 8% volume growth in the first quarter. Everything looked great. And then Q2 happened and we slowed down dramatically. We have seen some stabilization in that trend throughout the year. The U.S. has gotten sequentially better. Europe has gotten sequentially worse. And for me, if we see just a relatively stable economy, that should be a benefit to us because we won't see the inventory destocking that obviously happened to us in the second quarter. That should help certainly on a comp basis. If Europe gets hit hard because of financial crisis or the economy there just doesn't respond very well, that's going to hurt us because now we have even higher percentage of our sales and volumes driven by Europe than we did without Office Products. I hope that helps.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. It does. And look, I realize it's a difficult situation trying to call the rest of the year being that we're end of January here. Next question I have, when I look at the severance in RBIS, for example, $6 million in fourth quarter and at least actually more than that in the third quarter. Can you comment how many -- what's the impact of headcount reduction behind that amount of severance? It's a fairly large number.
Mitchell R. Butier: The impact to headcount reductions, it's...
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: How many people are no longer at Avery considering that severance impact?
Mitchell R. Butier: So the biggest single impact from the most recent round of restructuring was around reducing the overhead or operating expenses across the business. And so those tend to be, on average, higher cost employees. When you look at this business, it's dangerous to talk about the averages of headcount because you have some really low-cost employees in emerging markets. Then you also have some employees with higher costs in the SG&A. So overall, if you look at the percent of headcount, it's lower than you would expect relative to the amount of savings on average, because most of it was SG&A reductions. We talked about reducing the SG&A within this business by a few percent.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that answered my question. A couple of others and I'll turn it over. Again on RBIS, Dean, we've talked about before, either at one point in time, you'd look at a 12% operating margin as being realistic. In other times, when we've added all the profitability of the business acquired, what you started with the restructuring, EBIT would be something like $200 million. How much do you think you've lost to the market from competition? Or do you think all of the margin degradation has been purely decremental margin because of volume?
Dean A. Scarborough: I think it's volume because, I mean, if you look at U.S. import data for the fourth quarter, unit volumes were down 12% and our sales which -- and that would've really been a second, third quarter sales trajectory for us, we were down 6% to 7%. So I don't think we're losing share. I would certainly didn't expect unit volumes in apparel to drop like they have in 2011. Okay. So on the margin comment, remember that there are almost 2 full points of margin on RBIS that come from amortization of intangibles. That goes away in 2015. So from my perspective, certainly from a cash perspective, we've got 2 full margin points there. And if this kind of more volatile environment continues, we'll get our cost and our footprint in shape to achieve the margin objectives. That's the goal. We'll get there using a different formula.
Mitchell R. Butier: George, I think in RBIS, the sales in 2011 were roughly flat with where they were in '08 because of the volatility there. As you know, a good portion of the cost base of this business as an emerging market which was wage inflation and so forth, that's the comp and headwind. If you have flat sales, it makes it more challenging to expand margins which is why we talked about continuing to focus on growth but redoubling our efforts around productivity both to reduce costs, as well as reduce the capital base of the business.
Dean A. Scarborough: We're not getting up on growth, George, so that shouldn't be the headline.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I'll turn it over. I have a last question after everybody else goes.
Operator: Mr. Staphos, you may continue, sir.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. When I look at the fourth quarter tax rate and I add back the $0.03 for the discrete item that was attributable to the continuing ops, I get a rough operating, if you will, tax rate of around 22%, which matches what you said the effective rate is. Maybe I missed it before, how do you reconcile that with what you think your ongoing tax rate of low to mid-30s is going to be?
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, in the fourth quarter, overall you should be focusing on the full year because the fourth quarter is a squeeze, if you will. When we were giving our full year guidance for 2011, we're considering Office Products not being a discontinued operation. If you want to bridge the -- our 2011 tax rate, if you will, to what we're guiding in 2012 from continuing ops, overall just the impact of a couple events that we had, discrete items which were some modest benefits in 2011 that we don't expect to be there in 2012.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: What's the effect of the divestiture in Other Specialty Converting? And what's your normalized CapEx cash?
Dean A. Scarborough: Was that 2 -- I think that was -- there were 2 questions there. I think one was around CapEx, which was about $150 million, is what we're planning for the year. And we sold the product line in Other Specialty Converting back in the early part of the fourth quarter so that definitely had an impact on the sales and earnings.
Mitchell R. Butier: Sales were only about $20 million in that business and proceeds were about $20 million as well. And the EBIT, George, in that business was just a few million.
Operator: Mr. Scarborough, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to you, sir.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks. And I just like to make 2 final points about the company. First is that we have strong businesses with many competitive advantages. Our emerging market footprint, now approximately 40% of sales without Office and Consumer Products, positions us for higher revenue growth. We're making modest investments in organic innovation in our core businesses to strengthen competitive advantage and modestly improve our growth trajectory. Second, we have a strong culture of productivity embedded in the company, which has enabled us to become more efficient and allows us to invest at less than the rate of depreciation. Working capital productivity is another focus. And together, that enables us to generate strong free cash flow. We intend to significantly improve the amount of cash returned to shareholders now that we've met our debt reduction and leverage targets. Thanks, everyone, for joining, and we look forward to speaking with you again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and kindly ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-26 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Dean A. Scarborough - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Eric Leeds - Investor Relations Mitchell R. Butier - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the third quarter ended, October 1, 2011. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 1:00 p.m. Pacific time today, through midnight Pacific time, October 30. To access the replay, please dial 1(800) 633-8284 or for international callers, 1(402) 977-9140. The conference ID number is 21496536. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to turn the call over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennison's head of Investor Relations. You may go ahead, sir.
Eric Leeds: . Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Our discussion today will reference the earnings release that we issued earlier, along with the slide presentation entitled Third Quarter Financial Review and Analysis. Both documents were furnished today with our 8-K and posted at the Investors section of our website at www.investors.averydennison.com. Let me remind you that these unaudited results are preliminary as we have not yet filed our 10-Q. Our news release references GAAP operating margin, which includes the interest expense, restructuring charges and other items included in the other expense line of our P&L. These items tend to be fairly disparate in amount, frequency and timing. In light of the nature of these items, we'll focus our margin commentary on non-GAAP operating margin, which reflects pretax results before their effect and before interest expense.  The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP in schedules A-2 to A-5 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We also want to remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about future performance and financial results.  These forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to uncertainty.  The Safe Harbor statement included in the documents that we provided today, along with our 2010 Form 10-K and 2011 Forms 10-Q, address certain risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ from our expectations.  On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mitch Butier, Senior Vice President and CFO.  I'll now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Eric. The soft volume trends we saw in the second quarter continued into the third quarter and caused sales, ex-currency to decline 2%. Unit demand in all key markets continues to reflect both consumer confidence, which is translating into tight inventory management throughout the supply chain. And we expect this trend to continue into the fourth quarter.  I am pleased that despite the lower volume and ongoing high raw material costs, operating results were in line with the third quarter of last year. The combination of continued pricing discipline, accelerated productivity and lower employee related costs essentially offset the impact of lower unit volume at the EBIT line. At the net income level, the change in our tax rate had a significant impact, which Mitch will discuss in more detail. We made solid progress in generating free cash flow in the third quarter as well. Our teams did a good job of tightening expenses while at the same time protecting investments in innovation and new products.  As the past quarter demonstrated, we are launching an increasing number of new products to enhance our competitive advantage and enable faster growth once the economic situation improves.  Turning to the businesses. Organic sales growth for the pressure-sensitive materials segment was 2%. Volume in the quarter was still soft, but we did see a slight improvement in the trend over the second quarter. Margins expanded year-over-year as the impact of price increases and higher productivity offset the impact of inflation. The recent Labelexpo show in Brussels was well attended and customers were very enthusiastic about all the new products we had in our stand. However, European customers were understandably concerned about the next few quarters due to the uncertain economic conditions in that region. But even in a slowdown, or maybe even because of it, converters were very interested in our new technology and products, and that's because they see innovation as a way to grow faster.  Our Labeling and Packaging Materials business introduced 16 new products with some significant innovations. We're especially excited about ThinStream, a new liner material that is 50% thinner than anything else on the market, and which enables better economics to penetrate high volume food and beverage segments.  We also introduced a new phase film with lower caliper and greater conformability to better meet the needs for more sustainable, lower-cost materials in the household and personal care segment. Now wrapping up this segment, sales at Graphics and Reflective Solutions were flat compared with last year ex-currency, but lower than in the second quarter, which indicates a downturn in advertising and promotional spending.  Retail Branding and Information Solutions continued to feel the impact of unit volume declines as high apparel input costs, which is cotton work their way through this retail supply chain. We do expect unit volumes to gradually improve as lower input cost begin to come into play subject, of course, to retailers gaining confidence in consumer spending. We are projecting an improvement in volume trends in Q4 as retailers begin to order for the spring season. We continue to see adoption of RFID unit tagging, which is up more than 50% from last year. Additionally, we expanded our new line of heat transfer solutions called agility, which enables apparel brands to enhance garment exteriors with new high definition graphics that was not available on the market before.  Even with a 7% decline in organic sales, RBIS maintain margins during the quarter through our ELS productivity programs, lower employee-related costs and an acceleration of some planned restructuring. This positions us well for margin expansion when unit volume recovers.  Office and consumer products volumes, sales and margins declined as expected due to weak end market demand. One notable event for the business was the partnership we announced with Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia and Staples for a line of home organization products that will be available for consumers starting in early 2012. We do anticipate sales from this new line in the fourth quarter of 2011 as we prepare for that launch. Summing up for the total company, we expect volume to be the story in the fourth quarter as well, although we saw a slight improvement in volume trends in September, we believe that any increases in the fourth quarter will be marginal at best, especially in Europe.  We've reduced our full year guidance to reflect this volume outlook as well as the increase in our tax rate. Our employees had done a very good job of reducing expenses and focusing on maximizing free cash flow. And we'll continue to do so.  We also did some targeted restructuring during the quarter to reduce fixed costs. We're always looking for ways to improve productivity, including restructuring, and we're evaluating further opportunities to do so.  At the same time, we're continuing to develop end-market innovative new products. Now Mitch will take you through the quarter in more detail.
Mitchell R. Butier: Thanks, Dean. Starting with Slide 5 and talking through to Slide 7. Sales in the third quarter were up as reported by 4%, but down about 2% organically.  As Dean discussed, we saw a volume decline across all segments. Volumes for the company were down just over 4%, somewhat below the low end of our expectations. Negative trend in demand lessened late in the quarter with sales being roughly flat on an organic basis in September.  Our third quarter operating margin was relatively flat with last year as the negative impact of the lower volume was mostly offset by a reduction in employee related costs, including lower expense for incentive compensation.  Prices for the specialized raw materials that we buy remain high, but are stabilizing. As we discussed last quarter, we've essentially offset the raw material inflation that we began to experience mid-last year by implementing the productivity initiatives and price increases that we've been talking about for the past few quarters. As for marketing, general and administrative expense, it declined versus last year due to lower employee related costs and productivity, partially offset by currency. We are reducing cost across the company through both restructuring and general belt-tightening while we continue to protect our investments in growth that Dean discussed earlier.  Next let me elaborate on our tax rate. Our year-to-date adjusted tax rate increased from 23% to 34%. The increase in the expected tax rate for this year was the key reason for the short fall in third quarter EPS and along with lower volume, is a key contributing factor to our revised earnings guidance for the year.  The primary reason for the increased tax rate is our reduced expectation for pretax income outside the U.S. This impacts us in 2 ways. First, lower tax rates in certain jurisdictions outside the U.S. are achieved only when we pass certain income thresholds. And second, lower pretax income diminishes our ability to utilize tax loss carry forwards and other tax credits. Another factor relates to discrete tax events, which we now anticipate will have a negative impact on the rate this year. If pretax earnings continued at the current level, we would expect our ongoing tax rate to be in the low 30s in the midterm. As earnings increase about certain income threshold outside the U.S., we would expect the tax rate to be modestly below this range. Now these comments relate to the effective tax rate. The ultimate goal of our tax planning is to reduce the amount of taxes actually paid in any given year, and we measure this through the cash tax rate.  Our cash tax rate has been in the upper 20% range for the past few years, and had been trending down modestly. We expect the tax -- the cash tax rate to again be in this upper 20% range and continue the downward trend in 2011 and for the midterm. Now before getting into the segment, I want to comment on our free cash flow. In the first half of the year, our free cash flow was well below prior year levels due to lower operating results and higher working capital, as well as the timing of pension payments.  Looking at the third quarter, our free cash flow came in at $189 million. This is in line with our expectations and well ahead of last year due to the significant progress we made in Q3 in returning to more typical working capital levels.  Turning to Slide 8. Our pressure-sensitive materials segment delivered 2% organic sales growth, driven by pricing and partially offset by lower volume. PSM to volume in the third quarter was down approximately 2.5%, an improvement over the second quarter's 5% volume decline. This improvement in the trend reflects a moderation in label and packaging materials declines in Europe and an uptick in Asia-Pacific, which returned to positive volume growth in the quarter.  In addition to experiencing general softness in our markets, we also commented last quarter that we thought we lost some share in lower margin categories in Europe, well, we in fact did. While we do not yet have market or share data for Q3, we believe that we may have regained a modest amount of the share in the quarter.  And my last point on sales in PSM relates to graphics and reflective solutions. Volumes in this business held up in Q2, but have now experienced a decline, due primarily to softness in Europe. Youll remember that this businesses is more cyclical in nature than PSM's larger business, label and packaging materials.  PSM's operating margin increased 50 basis points from prior year as the impact of lower volume was more than offset by lower employee-related costs. Our pricing and cost reduction actions have offset the inflation that we began to experience mid last year. The pricing on raw material cost now stabilizing, we feel that we've achieved a good position on the price cost front in PSM. Retail branding and information solutions sales were down 7% on an organic basis in the third quarter. Lower sales were due to a continuation of the trend we saw in Q2 with a lower volume reflecting unit softness in the apparel market that Dean discussed earlier. As in the second quarter, the declines were most pronounced among mass-market retailers. RBIS margins were flat in the quarter as the negative impact of volume was offset by productivity and lower employee-related costs. Profits in consumer products came in as expected. The third quarter is typically a seasonally higher quarter for this business as it includes part of the back-to-school season, which starts in Q2.  The operating margin in this business declined due primarily to the effect of lower volume and higher raw material costs, partially offset by lower advertising spend and employee related costs. We continue to expect margins for this business to be in the upper single digits for the full year. And our other specialty converting businesses delivered modest sales growth in the quarter, driven by pricing on lower volume. Margins were down due to the lower volume partially offset by productivity initiatives.  Moving on to the outlook for 2011. On Slide 11, we summarized the key factor that we expect to contribute to our P&L and cash flow in 2011. Slide 12 has our EPS and free cash flow guidance. I'll highlight just a few key assumptions that have changed from what we discussed last quarter.  We now estimate organic sales growth in 2011 to be roughly flat. Reduction primarily reflects a change to our assumptions for the fourth quarter. Weve increase our restructuring actions since last quarter and have accordingly increased our expectation of the cost to implement these actions.  Annualized savings associated with 2011 restructuring actions are now expected to total approximately $55 million, with about 1/4 of the benefit to be realized this year. We continue to evaluate further opportunities to reduce costs, potentially including additional restructuring actions. We've already discussed our increase in the expected tax rate for the year, that is the negative tax rate impact from our lower outlook for pretax income and other discrete events. And we made an additional $10 million pension contribution to the U.S. plan in the third quarter and we expect to contribute another $10 million in the fourth quarter. Full year pension contributions will approximate the level of last year. Based on estimated sales and other assumptions, including the listed factors, we now expect adjusted earnings per share in 2011 of $2.15 to $2.30 and free cash flow of $215 million to $235 million. The low end of our EPS guidance assumes volume trends in Q4 that are consistent with what we experienced in Q3, and the high end reflects volume trends consistent with what we saw in September. Now, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess I had a question first on the tax rate. Mitch, would it be possible to parse the effect of the geographic dispersion of income or the change relative to your expectation versus what was the discrete tax item, and can you provide a bit more detail on what is that discrete tax item?
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, so couple of things, as far as what is the amount of the discrete tax versus the effect of just lower pretax income to answer that part of the question first. It depends -- we said that the full year guidance is expected to be in the low to mid 30s, it depends where we ultimately settle out, but roughly about half of that is from the discrete items that we're flagging here. As far as what those discrete items are, they're specifically related to just as certain tax audits get finished out throughout the year, we anticipated that some of those -- complete more favorably than they actually ended up doing in foreign jurisdictions.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just so that we have our facts right, or for the record, the third quarter rate was 43.6% on an operating basis, is that correct? And was it -- or more geographic in terms of the third quarter? Was it just a catch-up?
Mitchell R. Butier: It's just a catch-up. Of what it does, it gets the year-to-date rate up to 34%.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. The last question on this, then I'll have one quickie follow-on, and turn it over. As we look out to next year, it would appear we're building-in somewhat more of a structurally higher tax rate that we should forecast at. Could that be the low to mid-30s on a going-forward basis?
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, my comments were, if income was to stay at the current levels, which means -- I'm not giving guidance, but if they were, we'd sustainably be at the low 30% range. As pretax income rises, we'd expect the geographic mix and our ability to take advantage of some of the lower tax jurisdictions would increase and therefore the tax rate would moderate somewhat from that level. Perhaps get back to the upper 20s that we had talked about before, so...
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Organic sales declines for RBIS were 7%. Do you happen to have a volume number that would coincide with that?
Dean A. Scarborough: It's roughly the same, George.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Robert W. Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: On the new cost savings plan, $55 million, $25 million of which is expected to flow into fourth quarter. That basically suggest that your profit outlook for the quarter is materially worse on a core basis relative to perhaps your -- relative to surface anyway. Are you expecting a bigger year-over-year core sales decline in the fourth quarter than 2Q and 3Q?
Dean A. Scarborough: No, Ghansham. I think when you hear us talk about the $55 million -- I'll just make sure I understand the question right, $55 million of savings from the restructuring program, we said a quarter of it will benefit this year, some of these actions we've already started implementing and started having some effect already.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got it.
Dean A. Scarborough: In the $55 million. Yes.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, all right. And in terms of the commentary on RBIS, that volume declines in Europe. Where do you think we are? I mean, did you see a similar volume decline in the second quarter, is it worse now, and is there any sort of parallel between what they're seeing right now versus what the U.S. saw '08 and '09?
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, actually, for RBIS, it got sequentially a little bit worse. Q3 is normally not a strong quarter for us anyway, and I think that many retailers continue to delay orders waiting for some of those lower input costs to flow into pricing for garments that will be ordered now for the -- mainly the spring, and little bit of the summer season. And that's the orders we'll take in the fourth quarter. Actually, the U.S. has been marginally worse for us. Actually, quite a bit worse than Europe. Europe has been better, its downward trend has been a lot less. Part of that is because I believe we're taking some market share. Part of that is because many of the retailers and brand owners we serve in Europe -- that are based in Europe also have a global footprint. So they're not just focused on European retail sales. And finally, we just don't have as much impact from mass market. We just don't have that high share of mass market retailers in Europe as we do in the U.S. So all of those factors together, actually had made Europe appear to be okay. And so far, we haven't really seen a change in that trajectory.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got it. And just finally, Mitch, how should we think about working capital for the full year?
Mitchell R. Butier: For the full year, we expect to maintain a working capital productivity we had at the end of last year, and you saw in the first half, we had flipped from that level, and then we recovered a good amount of that in Q3. So you could expect it to recover to the previous levels we had. And that's focused on operating working capital. One thing to point out is, we have talked about lower incentive-based compensation, so there will obviously be fewer accruals this year. So that impacts working capital as well, Ghansham.
Operator: Our next question from the line of John McNulty of Credit Suisse.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. It does look like raw material seem to have leveled off and in some cases are starting to come down, especially on the propylene and acrylic space side. In terms of the pricing that you've been getting to offset the raw materials, what is your belief in terms of your ability to hold the pricing or -- and or when might you have to start giving it back?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well that's a great question, John. First of all, I want to give our teams, especially in our materials business full credit for doing a great job of managing in that inflationary environment. We basically have been able to close the gap, and that required a significant amount of work, during the quarter, or during the last 4 quarters. The inflationary environment I would characterize is stable. Some of the input costs have gone down, but still some of the specialty materials that we buy -- we haven't seen lot of relief on pricing. I would just characterize the market is roughly stable at this point. And right now, and certainly throughout the third quarter, there's been -- I would characterize the market as kind of stable from a pricing perspective, so we don't see necessarily anybody really driving for volume by trying to lower prices right now, and I think that's because input costs are still relatively high.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just with regard to pension, it sounds like you're making some incremental contributions. Can you give us an update -- I know that pensions are obviously -- would have taken a decent hit with where the discount rates are and how the markets are looking. How should we be thinking about incremental pension expenses for 2012, if things kind of just stop right now?
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, we're still going through that evaluation given the change in discount rates. One of the things that we know is, regardless of what those assumptions are, that assets have taken a hit overall this year, and so that's one of the reasons for us to increase the amount of contributions. As you'll recall we froze, defined benefit plan in the U.S. at the end of last year, and since then we said we have a concerted effort over the next few years to get that much closer to fully-funded and start to shift the asset base to more conservative assets to take out some of the volatility going forward. As far as exactly what it looks like next year, there's still a lot of discussion about what the return on asset assumption should be, as well as the discount rates. So you would expect a modest headwind going into the next year, though.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas, JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you let us know what the cash restructuring outlays would look like in the fourth quarter?
Mitchell R. Butier: In the fourth quarter, specifically, we've got about $35 million investment for that full year. I don't have it right in front me, Jeffrey, but we could go over that later, but it's going to be probably about half of that.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: About half of that, okay. And from a strategic standpoint, is the idea in the fourth quarter to run your pressure sensitive business at a relatively low operating rate in order to really work down your inventories, and then see what happens to the raw material market?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, Jeffrey, we've been -- the inventory levels in pressure sensitive are actually in pretty good shape right now. The real question mark we have about inventories has more to do about customer behavior. If market conditions are soft, a lot of label converters will simply just take the last couple of weeks of the year off and run their inventories down. And if we trim our inventories too much, we'll have service problems when the year turns around. So I think we've got a pretty good handle on that, but in terms of us actually trying to manipulate raw material prices by changing our inventory levels, that's generally not the way we work. We work to demand forecast schedule with a flow manufacturing philosophy. So it's more related to lean operating principles than it is trying to do anything external like you're suggesting.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I understand that the volumes are tough in office products, but from a competitive standpoint, have conditions stabilized or are they still getting tougher?
Dean A. Scarborough: No, they -- I'd say they've really stabilized. The last few quarters, our market shares remained the same. And the only thing that -- the only category that's lost share in the label business has been the private label share. So, it's been incredibly stable, actually for the last 9 months -- the last 3 quarters.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So from your point of view, the office products hit some kind of low point in 2011, and you're more optimistic for '12?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we are, mainly because of a lot of the new product launches that we've been recently announcing. The Martha Stewart partnership with Staples is a significant one because it gets us into some new categories like home and home office. We have a line of sticky notes with -- that use transparent films that consumers seem to like. And we have some new product areas -- new products in the area of business builders for small office, home office type categories. So as we -- we're staying very consistent with the strategy, investment in innovation for new products where we -- you said 2011 was going to be the trough year. And I don't want to give an outlook yet for 2012 because we haven't made the plan. There is obviously an impact of the overall economy, and that's the one factor I can't relate to, but we are going to see significant amount of new product sales in office and Consumer Products in the fourth quarter of this year. So it's a timely turn of events.
Operator: Our next question from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: To stay with office products, I thought when Genuine Parts reported that the S.P. Richards business was like up 4% in the quarter, and they got it up for up 4% in the fourth quarter as well. Is the office side very different than the consumer side? Are you seeing differences in those 2 sides of your businesses?
Dean A. Scarborough: We haven't really seen a huge difference on either side. They're both relatively soft. I think the contract side of business, actually in the beginning of the year was a little weaker.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Because it just seems like they did much, much stronger than you -- I would have expected you to trend somewhat similar?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, I think our -- I mean, S.P. Richards is a large customer, but our fortunes tend to be more determined by the superstores than the wholesalers.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Since the average tax rate is like 34%, that must mean you have some places where it's above 34% and some where it's below. Where is your tax rate above 34% or do you have losses some place that are bottled up, and that's what causes the average to be higher?
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, so we definitely have some jurisdictions where they're above 34%, a couple of -- there's a mix bag out there, various jurisdictions, in the 34%, remember there is a few points of the discrete items that I talked about -- about certain tax audits from a few years ago, not settling out as we expected them to be, and so forth, and that's -- it often happens in the second half of the year. So, I wouldn't look to 34% as the ongoing rate, as we -- I mentioned that is more in the low 30s and that would be -- high -- we're in a lot of countries so we have a high amount of variation between the various tax rates, depending whatever the country is installed.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: As your earnings improve, will the tax rate kind of scale down, or does it step down because of that threshold effect that it will sort of jump down in a big amount at a certain threshold?
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, region by region, it can be a step function change as you start to grow earnings across the entire company because there's different impacts going on in the various regions, you're going to see it more of a slow sliding scale.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then lastly maybe, Dean, in the past you've talked about the apparel industry days inventory levels. Are we back to the low levels of the financial crisis kind of period in terms of days inventory at your apparel customers?
Dean A. Scarborough: The inventory to sales ratio stayed at historical lows now for the past couple of years, actually. Well obviously it's spiked way up right at the financial crisis time. The biggest impact on us actually is unit volume. If you read the newspapers or the press reports about how apparel retailers are doing, most of them are actually saying they're getting some sales increases, but those are all denominated in dollars, but because clothes are anywhere from 10% to 20% higher priced right now because of input costs, unit volumes have definitely declined. Now that trend is likely to start to reverse as raw material costs have come way down. And frankly, right now, a lot of the apparel manufacturers are scrambling for volumes, so I expect that, again another round of input cost will go down. So we should see a gradual improvement as we move forward over the next couple of quarters.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions on RBIS and then one on CapEx. The early fourth quarter volume rate in RBIS, I heard you -- Dean, you said it may be declined or into or the fourth quarter, so are we're looking at still high single-digit volume declines?
Dean A. Scarborough: No. Our current outlook, and it's based in our guidance is that, we will see low single digit volume declines on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter for RBIS.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I thought I heard you say, that maybe with Ghansham's question, that it had deteriorated into fourth quarter? I must have heard that incorrectly.
Dean A. Scarborough: It deteriorated in the third -- so it got a little bit worse in the third quarter versus the second quarter, but we do expect -- it's still going to be negative we believe in the fourth quarter from a unit volume perspective, not as negative as it has been.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I appreciate the clarification there. When we -- you take a step back and look at RBIS and Paxar, if we go back to history and look at the benefits, it should have happened from the restructuring and from the synergies. EBIT for RBIS probably in a normal environment, you would have pegged at $200 million or so, and obviously it's been a much more difficult economic environment over the last couple of years than you would've envisioned. Given the backup though, you can't change that. How do you begin to get and recover the value put into Paxar above and beyond what you've already done. I realize you'll do some further restructuring, cost cutting, but is there anything else that you can do within the business -- within the business model that can help validate the RBIS business within the overall portfolio of Avery?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, the biggest issue for us has been sales volume. Sales volume has been flat for 4 years if you just look across the past history. We overachieved on getting our synergies and cost up. So -- because this is high variable margin business, getting sales growth -- a moderate level of sales growth in this business is very important. At the same time, the playbook on a go forward basis is to invest in the business with a little bit of money to -- for innovation of new products, we've launched again a number of new products in the business that help. We're selling to the same customers, but we're able for example to take our heat transfer technology, which is used on the inside of the garment for care labeling and use that on the exterior garments, which is a whole new market segment for us frankly, and we've got some unique differentiated products there. RFID also continues to track up. So -- and then finally, the last element of what we're doing is we're getting a little more aggressive on selling those same capabilities to retailers based in countries outside of North America and Western Europe. So there's Japan, Russia, India and China, to a certain extent, Brazil. But we really do need to get sales growth in the business, that's one. I think you noticed -- everybody noticed the increase in restructuring that we had announced as part of our third quarter actions. And frankly, a lot of that is focused on continuing to rightsize the fixed costs around the Retail Branding and Information Solutions business. So the playbook is, continue to focus on the top line with some limited investment, if we can continue to work on taking capital out of the business, as well as improve productivity.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dean, have the efforts to market directly to the brand owners been paying increasing dividend or has that been a little bit slower in terms of progress, and hopefully it's upside for you as you hopefully consolidate the buy and gain market share from that standpoint?
Dean A. Scarborough: I think it's working. From my perspective, the ability to do brand embellishments is one key factor. The second one is RFID. We have a very large share of the RFID business, and that's a sea-level discussion, it's major retailers. So we are differentiated in this space because of our footprint and the wide variety of capabilities, so we can bring to bear. And in fact, our unit volume declines in certain segments, such as vertical retail or some of the performance athletic brands, isnt down very much at all. Our biggest issue this year from a decline point of view has been unit volume declines in mass market, which has really pulled down the average.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I guess that's very helpful, Dean, and I appreciate that. Last question is, without necessarily projecting for next year, I realized you're not in the position to do that, capital spending, can you more or less keep it at the level that were trend line basis, is it sustainable here? Do you think you'll have to, at some point, bring capital spending up, maybe a touch closer to depreciation?
Dean A. Scarborough: As you said, George, we haven't really -- we're just starting the planning the process for 2012. The simple answer to your question is, yes we can maintain the current rate of spend or maybe even take it down a notch or 2. I'd rather be in a position of investing though, because that would mean that we're feeling much more robust about what future top line growth looks like.
Operator: Mr. Scarborough, there are no further questions at this time. Sir, you may continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thank you. Well, just to sum up, our focus on a go forward basis is to #1, continue to manage our expenses and drive productivity in the business. And 2, at the same time, we are going to continue to invest in innovation to differentiate our product line and to drive more top line growth. And we're going to continue to generate free cash flow. Obviously, it's a priority to continue to strengthen our balance sheet and as well as return more cash to shareholders. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you, all for your participation and kindly ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds - Investor Relations Dean Scarborough - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Mitchell Butier - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Thomas Mullarkey - Morningstar Inc. John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. George Staphos
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the second quarter ended July 2, 2011. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, July 29. To access the replay, please dial (800) 633-8284 or (402) 977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21496535.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Our discussion today will reference the earnings release that we issued earlier along with the slide presentation titled Second Quarter 2011 Financial Review and Analysis. Both documents were furnished today with our 8-K and posted at the Investors section of our website at www.investors.averydennison.com. We remind you that these unaudited results are preliminary as we've not yet filed our 10-Q. Our news release references GAAP operating margin, which includes interest expense, restructuring charges and other items included in the other expense line of our P&L. These items tend to be fairly disparate in amount, frequency and timing. In light of the nature of these items, we'll focus our margin commentary on non-GAAP operating margin, which reflects pretax results before their effect and before interest expense. The non-GAAP financial measures that we use are defined, qualified and reconciled with GAAP in schedules A-2 to A-5 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We also remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to uncertainty. The Safe Harbor statement included in the documents that we provided today, along with our 2010 Form 10-K and 2011 Form 10-Q, address certain risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mitch Butier, Senior Vice President and CFO.  I'll now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks, Eric. I want to start to say that I recognize the news we gave you last week was both unexpected and unpleasant. Organic growth x currency was down about 2% for the second quarter compared to the 6.5% growth we saw in the first quarter. We experienced unexpected slowdowns in all geographies, and as well most of our businesses, with the exception of our Office and Consumer Products business.  Starting with Retail Branding and Information Solutions, sales decreased 6% on an abrupt decline in unit volumes across all customer groups and geographies, which pressured profits in this high variable-margin business. A major factor in the order decline was the dramatic run-up in material and labor cost for apparel, which impacted retailers in 2 ways. First, it caused them to be very cautious about ordering garments with higher unit costs with correspondingly higher prices, especially in an environment of uncertain consumer demand.  Cotton prices and other material inputs peaked and then dropped rapidly in the quarter. This should cause unit costs for apparel to drop later this year. But because of that, our customers delayed or canceled orders to make sure they did not end up with large inventories of higher-cost goods. Combined, these dynamics had the most impact on apparel, destined for the mass-market channel in the U.S., with unit volumes down significantly due to the magnitude of price increases on lower-priced garments, as well as the lack of consumer buying power at lower-income levels. While we expected a somewhat softer season this year due to the anticipated higher costs, we did not expect a rapid reduction in cotton and other input prices. We expect the softness to continue until later this year, and that's when retailers place their orders for the 2012 season. Turning to Pressure-sensitive Materials, it seems clear that overall economic activity slowed during the second quarter. We serve a wide range of end markets in Pressure-sensitive Materials, including food, durable goods and health and personal care. We also sell thousands of label converters all over the world, and that makes it difficult to link our sales to end consumer sales. However, historically, this business has been a leading indicator for economic activity. Labeling and Packaging Materials saw unit volume declines in every region, including emerging markets. Net sales on an organic basis were flat over last year because pricing actions offset the volume decline. This represents a big change from the first quarter when net sales grew almost 10%. It appears that like apparel retailers and brands, consumer packaged goods companies are being cautious about consumer spending in the second half and are managing inventories tightly. Label and Packaging Materials has led the industry on price increases that cover inflation and we made progress on narrowing the price inflation gap that developed in the second half of last year. As you know, we've been pushing prices up aggressively as raw material costs have escalated. As volumes softened in June, pricing became more challenging as competitors tried to hang onto volume and this happened especially in Europe. Now, at this point, we don't have any share data from any of our markets, but we believe we may have lost a bit of share in the quarter as we prioritized getting our prices up. Now it's normal for us to lose a bit of share on the margin as we raise prices. So I'm confident that most of the volume loss is related to lower market demand. Now if there is a silver lining to this market softness, it's that we don't see inflation accelerating as it has for the last 5 quarters. I'm pleased that we've recovered most of the margin loss caused by inflation. It is likely we'll have to raise prices though in certain geographies and product lines to offset some of the remaining gap. It's tough to predict how the rest of the year will play out. We have limited forward visibility in this business since we ship out 80% of our orders in a 2-day window. We don't know yet if the lower activity level represents a short slowdown or the beginning of a more protracted trend. Our other Pressure-sensitive business, Graphics and Reflective solutions had a good quarter, led by strong sales of new cast film products.  Office and Consumer Products volume sales and margin declined year-over-year as expected. We're on track to launch new products in the second half, which combined with the back-to-school season, will help Office and Consumer Products improve sales trends and meet its full year margin targets. Given the trends in the quarter, we're assuming that a continuation of the market slowdown through year end is a real possibility and our updated guidance reflects that. We've built in some very modest improvement in volumes but also uncertainty about when in the second half it might occur.  We're cutting expenses, tightening our belts and reducing capital expenditures by $25 million, as well as evaluating additional opportunities to improve productivity. Our goal is to reduce expenses without sacrificing investment for the future. Finally, although we've reduce guidance for free cash flow for the year, we remain focused on generating substantial free cash flow in the second half. We're committed to maintaining our strong balance sheet and returning more cash to shareholders.  And now Mitch will take you through the details of the quarter.
Mitchell Butier: Thanks, Dean. Starting with Slide 6 and talking through to Slide 9. Sales in the second quarter were up as reported by 3% but down about 2% organically. As Dean discussed, volume was the driver of the organic sales decline, particularly in our Pressure-sensitive Materials and Retail Branding and Information Solutions segments. Volumes for the company were down approximately 5%, dropping off dramatically in June, historically the largest month in the quarter. The volume declines, of course, impacted our second quarter consolidated operating margin. Our operating margin of 8.2% was down 80 basis points from last year, as the negative impact of lower volume was partially offset by a reduction in employee-related costs, including lower expense for incentive compensation. We've talked a lot about rising raw material cost over the last few quarters and they remain high. We've made great progress in offsetting inflation by implementing the productivity initiatives and price increases that we've been talking about during our past few earnings reports.  As for marketing, general and administrative expense, it declined versus last year due to lower employee-related costs. Last quarter, we talked about stepping up growth in IT infrastructure-related investments. We're still making investments in our most promising and critical initiatives while we reduce costs across the rest of the company, both through structural changes and general belt-tightening. Before getting into the segments, I want to point out that our year-to-date adjusted tax rate increased from 23% to 29%, largely reflecting an increased portion of our profit now expected to be in higher tax rate jurisdiction.  I also want to comment on our year-to-date free cash flow, which included a net outflow in the second quarter, very atypical for us. This net outflow is largely due to the combination of lower operating results, an additional $25 million pension payment and changes in working capital.  Now the changes -- the working capital changes primarily relates to the timing of cash payments for inventories. While we reduced inventories in the second quarter from the relatively high levels in Q1, the benefit to free cash flow will occur in the third quarter. These working capital changes and pension payments, while negative to the quarter in the first half, are not expected to impact the full year. Now I'm sure you've noticed that our free cash flow was out-of-sync with earnings in the quarter. This is largely because of reduction in our expectations for employee-related costs in 2011 are noncash this year and will not benefit free cash flow until the first quarter of next year. Turning to Slide 10. Our Pressure-sensitive Materials segment delivered roughly flat organic sales growth, driven by declines in volume, largely offset by pricing. PSM's volume reflected year-over-year declines in all of Label and Packaging Materials regions and the most categories. Volume in Graphics and Reflective solutions was up in the quarter. Dean shared with you our insights to the volumes in the segment, so I won't repeat them here. PSM's operating margin in the quarter was down 20 basis points year-over-year, reflecting the decline in volume and of lower employee-related costs. Sequentially, margin benefited from our narrowing of the price inflation gap. Retail Branding and Information Solutions turned in a 6% decline in organic sales in the second quarter, traditionally, this segment's largest quarter of the year. The lower sales were due to lower unit volume reflecting the softness in the market for our apparel units that Dean discussed earlier.  With the decline in volumes, the relatively high operating leverage in this business worked against us this quarter, more than you can see in the 140 basis point drop due to our lower employee-related costs. Dean covered Office and Consumer products, which came in as expected. The second quarter is a seasonally higher quarter for this business relative to Q1, as it includes part of the back-to-school season which concludes in Q3. We continue to expect margins for this business to be in the upper single digits for the full year. And our Other Specialty Converting businesses delivered flat sales growth in the quarter, with margins up 90 basis points from last year. Moving on to the outlook for 2011. On Slide 13, we summarized the key factors that we expect to contribute to our P&L and cash flow in 2011. Slide 14 has our EPS and free cash flow guidance. I'll highlight just a few key assumptions that have changed from what we discussed last quarter.  We now estimate organic sales growth in 2011 of approximately 1.5% to 3.5%, a big difference from the 7% assumption we made last quarter. Our current uncertainty about the market causes us to provide a pretty wide range for the top line in the second half. We've increased our restructuring actions since last quarter and have accordingly increased our expectation of the cost to implement these actions. Annualized savings associated with 2011 restructuring actions are expected to total approximately $40 million with about 1/3 of the benefit to be realized this year. We continue to evaluate further opportunities to reduce cost, potentially including additional restructuring action. And we've reduced our estimate for capital expenditures for the year by $25 million.  Based on estimated sales and other assumptions, including a list of factors, we now expect adjusted earnings per share in 2011 of $2.45 to $2.75, and free cash flow of $250 million to $275 million. Notwithstanding the recent slowdown, we are confident about our position and prospects. Our businesses have market-leading positions with clear competitive advantages. And even with our lowered guidance for free cash flow in 2011, we will maintain our financial strength, achieving our targeted debt level again later this year and then increasing our return of cash to shareholders.  Now I would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Peter Ruschmeier with Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: I was curious, Dean, perhaps if you could help us to break down a 5% organic volume decline into attributable factors and maybe you can help us to rule some out. Do you think there was any demand in the first quarter that borrowed strength from the second quarter? And do you think there's demand in the second quarter that is perhaps being shifted to the third quarter? And I think you did mention there may have been some competitive behavior, was that as much as 100 or 200 basis points? Any more color you can offer on kind of the variances and the factors would be really helpful.
Dean Scarborough: Sure, Peter. So I'd say there might have been a very small amount of shifting, and I can't really quantify it because most of the evidence we have is anecdotal at this point. So in Retail Branding and Information Services, the first -- some of the first quarter sales, I think, were stronger than we had anticipated in the quarter because frankly, people were just trying to get ahead of some of the unit costs that were coming in. Because people at that point expected input costs to keep going up at the time. So they were kind of buying early in the inflationary environment. That, of course, shifted pretty dramatically in the second quarter once cotton prices started to collapse. We may have had a little bit of pre-buying in the Pressure-sensitive Materials business, but it would have been very small as a percentage of the total, so not really meaningful. And as part of the share position, we did see, in Europe, typically June is a pretty strong month for the Labeling and Packaging Materials business there because people are doing a lot of work before the summer holidays. The Food business tends to be very strong at that point of view and we just didn't see the surge that we normally saw. And some competitors, I think, in a weakening environment, could have deferred or delayed some price increases. The problem is we don't have any market share data and we won't have it for a few weeks. I wish I could be more precise on that, but we just can't at this point.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: No, that's helpful. In RBIS, it sounds like it was perhaps more abrupt than the other businesses. Is it possible that, that was down as much as double digit in terms of organic volumes?
Dean Scarborough: No, it wasn't.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Not that much?
Dean Scarborough: No, it really wasn't that much. There...
Mitchell Butier: I think they're comparable to what you see on organic growth for RBIS.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay, and if I'm understanding what happened, would it be logical that if cotton were to bottom and turn the other direction that, that would bring buyers off the sidelines?
Dean Scarborough: Well, I think, it's actually -- you've seen some articles about this lately in the trade press, but also in places like the Wall Street Journal. So cotton prices are already down. The problem is that cotton has not yet been turned into gray goods, which can be put into yarn and fabrics, and that really won't happen until later this year. So most companies are anticipating lower cotton costs and unit costs from a material perspective for 2012. They won't start ordering those products from us until very late in the third and in the fourth quarter. That's when we really start to see our fourth quarter surge in that business. So, yes -- I do see that, and I think there was actually, even in an article in the Wall Street Journal, about some people trying to keep their prices up by just adding units to their packs as a way of giving more to the consumer instead of giving it in price, giving it in unit volumes, which would be okay with us by the way. That would be a good trend.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of George Leon Staphos with Bank of America, Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: I wanted to get into volume again a little bit. Can you say that both RBIS and Pressure-sensitive Material volumes were down 5% in the quarter? Was there any variation around that corporate average? And what was the run rate -- what's been the run rate early in the third quarter for both businesses?
Dean Scarborough: So RBIS was down a little bit more than the 5%. The 5% is a company number. And the RBIS organic growth was down 6% and their volumes were down slightly more than that, and pressure sensitive was around 5% as well.
George Staphos: Okay, so RBIS volumes were -- unit volumes for RBIS were down more like 7%, 8%, would that be fair?
Mitchell Butier: 6%, 7%.
Dean Scarborough: No, 6%, 7%.
George Staphos: Okay, and Pressure-sensitive, a little bit less in terms of rate of decline?
Mitchell Butier: Right.
George Staphos: Okay, and what's the run rate then, thus far in the third quarter?
Dean Scarborough: Then the trends when you look at during the quarter, they were sliding through the quarter with June being the worst performance, particularly on a year-over-year basis. And we finally got a few weeks of orders in for July and things can be spiky at times. But right now, the order trend is similar to June, a little bit better, but similar to June.
George Staphos: So it would be fair to say that June for both was probably down double digits, even if it wasn't that -- that wasn't the case for the quarter, would that be fair?
Dean Scarborough: June was worse. So on the -- we have -- it's a 5-week month for us, so it definitely was lower than the average for June.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, Pressure-sensitive, not down quite double digits and RBIS down a little bit more. But again, a few weeks doesn't really tell too much about the business, but we're definitely seeing a continuing trend, slight softening from what we saw in June.
George Staphos: Understand. In terms of...
Mitchell Butier: Softening of the trend that is, not further softening.
George Staphos: What's that, Mitch, I'm sorry?
Mitchell Butier: Softening of the trend, not further softening beyond what we saw in June.
George Staphos: I understand. In emerging markets, I think you suggested volumes were down there as well. Could you confirm that and discuss what types of trends you've seen there?
Dean Scarborough: Yes. So we -- one of the factors I look at is the purchasing managers' manufacturing index or the ISM, I guess, it's called now. And we saw declines in that index in all geographies including China. So we definitely saw a slowdown even in emerging markets. So we did have a little bit of pre-buy in the first quarter in the LPM business, but emerging market growth was also not good in the quarter. So thus the comment about it. We sort of see this in all geographies.
Mitchell Butier: The Asia emerging markets fared better than the others, but they were also down and one of the reasons -- particularly, in Asia is where we did see a little bit of pre-buy in Q1. But if you adjust for that, Asia emerging markets were up very modestly. So significant reduction in the trend everywhere.
George Staphos: Okay. So Asia, China, up a little bit and everything else was down then in unit terms?
Mitchell Butier: Yes.
George Staphos: Okay. A couple others, and I'll turn it over. Can you explain a little bit more in terms of what drove the tax rate change? And specifically, what's the discrete tax event in the tax rate change? And should we now be using 29% on a go-forward basis?
Dean Scarborough: Yes, so the primary reason for the change in the tax rate is related to the geographic income mix. So we now have -- when we lowered our income projections for the year, it was lowered disproportionately in low tax rate jurisdiction. So that's what caused the increase in the tax rate. The discrete event, what we commented there and that was just about 20% or so of the change. So a very small component of the overall change on the tax rate was around some planning matters that we were looking at for later in the year that we're not going to implement, given the current environment. So primarily geographic mix. When you ask about going forward, it depends on -- if you're talking about for the near term, it really depends on what the geographic mix is going to be and really what kind of environment we're in. But I'd say, it's still mid- to perhaps a high-20% range.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Going back to the pre-announcement from last week and the guidance back for the year, you never actually gave explicit guidance on a quarterly basis. So just to clarify, what did you assume the 2Q EPS would be initially? Roughly $1 a share, is that in the ballpark?
Mitchell Butier: We had something less than that, actually. It's around $0.90.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: $0.90, all right. And just based on what you're saying on the macro side. Thinking back to Office Products, 1Q took a big hit just from a pre-buying 4Q, if I remember correctly. And you're also supporting some new product launches, et cetera. Just given the weakness on the macro that you seem to be cautious on, are you scaling back some of those product launches?
Dean Scarborough: No, we're not. In fact, Office Products, the current back-to-school view is still where we talked about in the last quarter. I think it will be flat, flattish, maybe down 1% for us this year. But most of the new product launches, we've got orders for and placed and again, some -- only a few products have hit the stores so far. We'll start to see a lot more in late third quarter and during the fourth quarter.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay, and then going back to...
Dean Scarborough: We pretty much already -- we've got the plan. We're executing, manufacturing, et cetera. So we're all locked and loaded, ready to go.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay, and then moving onto your comments in the press release on returning cash to shareholders, on the share buyback issue, specifically. Even in what seems like a subpar year now, you're still going to generate a healthy amount of cash flow close to your dividend. You have a share buyback authorization out there. Should we expect any sort of meaningful purchase in 2011, and if not, why not?
Dean Scarborough: As you know Ghansham -- we never comment on the timing or amount of share repurchases, but I'll reemphasize that we're committed to returning more cash to shareholders.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Well, let me put that around, are you comfortable with where your balance sheet is right now?
Mitchell Butier: We're comfortable overall with where our balance sheet is. One of the things you got to look at, we commented that in Q4 we achieved the target leverage position that we were seeking. Because of the seasonality of our cash flow, debt will go up during the year, did more so than usual this year. But when you look at the second half cash flow, we'll be looking to get back again to those leverage ratios and leverage position and then return more cash to shareholders. Your point, there's enough -- if you look at the free cash flow and you triangulate how much debt reduction we need from our current position, there would be sufficient in our current guidance for share repurchases.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John P. McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: Just a couple of quick questions. On the raw material front, did you say you were 100% caught up at this point, or are you still working to catch up throughout the rest of the year?
Dean Scarborough: We've got a little bit of a gap left and we still have some price increases planned for going forward. But they're very either product line or geography specific. So they're relatively minor. I think this is the first quarter now over the last 5 quarters where we haven't announced additional inflation expectations over and above what we've had. So the environment we're in is more flattened out. And again, there are still just a couple of areas where we need to execute price increases to fill in that gap.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, and then as best you can tell in the Pressure-sensitive area, I mean, it sounds like there has been some increased kind of competitive pressure. Have you seen your, I guess, major competitor or competitors raise price yet? Or is it -- was it just a function that they were delayed? Or are they just not actively going that way and they're actually pushing more for share?
Dean Scarborough: I think we've had -- every one of our competitors has felt the same inflation pressure that weve felt. And so, what we've seen is competitors following and raising prices in their markets. We just had heard an announcement earlier -- I'm sorry, late last week where one of our competitors in Europe has announced price increases again for certain geographies. So I still think that the competitors in this industry want to make money and they know they've got to get prices up in a time of rising raw material costs. So I think it was kind of a little sloppy in June in Europe, specifically, when the volume shortfalls -- we had a market volume shortfall, so some folks sometimes on the margins -- some competitors feel that they're better off trying to protect volume in the short term rather than raise prices. So we've seen this before. I do want to point out though that sequentially, we improved margins again in this sector. I mean, that was a priority for us to fill that gap. And all we've been talking about the last 4 quarters has been inflation. Unfortunately, now we're talking about volume. So I think we've done a reasonable job of executing. And the team has done good job of executing, getting prices up in our key markets.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, and then just one last question. Just in terms of your customer base, I know -- I guess, in certain areas where you've seen a lot of inflation and then when prices started to rollover, you saw a de-stocking around that. Do your customers typically de-stock and try to play that pricing game, or is that something that we really don't see like in the Pressure-sensitive area?
Dean Scarborough: For label printers and converters, it's tough for them to do because they're in a custom business. They don't always know what their customers are going to order, so they don't hold a lot of finished goods inventory and most of these customers are relatively small. So and they don't have a lot of space, so it's really tough for them to stock up either on a lot of our product or go through reduction. So we don't really see that kind of behavior. You see it again on the fringe.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John E. Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Can your apparel customers wait to see back-to-school sales before deciding what to do for the holiday season?
Dean Scarborough: Sure, they'll -- I mean, they are always looking forward. They're already planning the 2012 season. And in their mix will go things like, what will apparel cost look like on a go-forward basis, what's the consumer appetite for spending and certainly the back-to-school apparel season for them will be an indicator of how confident the consumer will be and how much discounting they have to do during that specific season. So it's one of the inputs they look at to judge what they're open to buy numbers will be for 2012.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, because John, just to clarify, the late Q3 and Q4 spend is usually -- or purchases from us are for the spring season next year. I think if you were asking -- [indiscernible] for holiday? The answer is no, not so much.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay, but they're likely to be sitting on their hands at least until Labor Day period, I guess, to get some sense or clarity on their visibility?
Dean Scarborough: This typically is not a high ordering season for us anyway, okay? So what's in the stores now for back-to-school is already there. And we might get a few chase orders, that type of thing, but the activity level is actually relatively low in the third quarter.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I'm just trying to think of when you might have some visibility yourself in the trend, whether things pick up or not, you sound like you wouldn't expect it for a while.
Dean Scarborough: Late third quarter. By the next earnings call, we'll have a decent feel for what apparel and retail open to buy and sentiment is.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, did you make all your compensation accruals adjustments in the second quarter for your lower budget now? Or will you wait closer to year end to reduce bonus accruals and things like that, that you'd have to do if you don't make plan?
Mitchell Butier: We adjust them each quarter based on our forecast for the year. And so in Q2, it was -- we did not accrue as much the normal amount you'd expect for Q2. We also reduced some of the accruals that we made in Q1.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay, you reversed them in Q1?
Mitchell Butier: No, we reversed them -- no, I'm sorry, we reversed them in Q2, the one that we...
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: In Q2, right, for Q1 being over-accrued.
Mitchell Butier: Yes.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And then lastly, the converter market, did they have any financial health issues? Is this a pretty severe correction for them? I know a lot of them are private, smaller, the debt markets haven't -- or bank credit markets haven't probably opened up to them that much. Is this going to put that customer base under financial pressure like they were back in 2009 or something like that?
Dean Scarborough: I don't anticipate that. This is, again, and the real question is how protracted will this market slowdown be. It could be just a pause. We had a bit of this in the fourth quarter when things slowed down and then things picked up very robustly in the first quarter and so what I see is some relative choppiness out there. And so I am not anticipating any dramatic financial issues for our customers.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Thomas Mullarkey with Morningstar.
Thomas Mullarkey - Morningstar Inc.: First question I have is regarding the reduction of your CapEx guidance by the $25 million. Is this going to be a timing issue where that $25 million reduction gets added into 2012, or do you probably permanently scale back any of your growth or IT infrastructure spending?
Dean Scarborough: Well, it is a delay of projects that we had planned. We won't automatically add it back to next year's capital expense budget. We haven't even really done our planning yet for 2012, and we'll look at 2012 in terms of what we expect our markets to look like, what our free cash flows will be and we'll prioritize around that. So and with business being slower, it makes sense to soften up a little bit on the CapEx.
Thomas Mullarkey - Morningstar Inc.: Okay. And then, I'm curious to get an update on your RFID business. Is it performing as expected, or is that likewise slowing down?
Dean Scarborough: Well, because apparel unit sales weren't as robust as they were in the second quarter, it's not quite -- it certainly wasn't at our expectation, but I think it's up by 50% over last year or so, still growth there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of George Leon Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: Dean, I know you said at this juncture you don't know whether this is a shorter-term correction or the beginning of something larger. When you've seen this type of reduction to whatever high single digit, maybe low double-digit declines at the end of a quarter, are there any precedence for what has then followed in terms of the macro environment that you could remind us about, or is it not clear?
Dean Scarborough: Now I'm starting to feel like Ben Bernanke. Yes, so the last time -- I did go back -- we did go back and review a lot of the trends over the last couple of years. And I don't think we should draw any conclusions from this, but the rate of decline was similar to what it looked like in early 2008. You'll recall that we were -- our sales started to drop off in 2008 and we have unfortunately a series of profit warnings during that year prior to people kind of recognizing the general economy had been slowing down. And so that being said, I just -- that still doesn't really tell me what's going to happen on a go-forward basis. And it's something we're going to watch very closely over the next few quarters.
George Staphos: Okay, I appreciate that. Second question, could you tell us what's the pre- and post-tax amount for the restructuring and also the other item that was taken out of, if you will, the GAAP numbers for an adjusted basis? And what was in that other item if you could disclose it, if you could relay that now?
Mitchell Butier: Well, if you're asking for the full year, what our charges are going to be and anticipated to be or?
George Staphos: No, what was that other [indiscernible]
Mitchell Butier: The tax rate on those items -- sorry, go ahead, George.
George Staphos: The other item, I think, was $5 million that you took out of earnings on a pretax basis. What was that, and what was the tax effect on that?
Mitchell Butier: The tax effect on all of those things is a high 30% because the charges tend to come in high tax rate jurisdictions. To answer the question on the tax rate, as far as what the item is, a number of costs that we've been incurring in the second quarter and we're not going to comment at this time as to what that is.
George Staphos: Okay, all right. I appreciate that. Two last ones, I'll turn it over. One, just geographically, again, on the tax mix issue. I mean, it sounded like and perhaps incorrectly so on my part, but it sounded like your developed markets slowed or declined more than emerging markets. I would imagine that would actually help you from a tax standpoint. But if you could provide any more color on that, it would be helpful. And from a restructuring standpoint, obviously, the company has done a lot of this over the years, where are the next areas where perhaps you can further improve and optimize your cost structure, given that you've already done a fair amount of this over the last number of years?
Mitchell Butier: Sure, I'll take the tax one first. As far as the taxes, I can understand why you'd think that our lower tax jurisdictions are in the emerging markets predominantly, but we actually have tax, some low tax jurisdictions in certain areas in mature markets as well. And so you can't necessarily draw the conclusion that when I talk about high versus low tax jurisdictions, that it's mature versus emerging market.
George Staphos: Got it. On the restructuring?
Dean Scarborough: Yes, on the restructuring, George, so it's been -- it is part of our DNA. We're not doing a massive acceleration of the restructuring we're doing. I think that our Lean Six Sigma teams around the company do a really a good job of finding lots of productivity. And frankly, we did some restructuring in the end part of the quarter and early part of this quarter at the corporate level. That really has not much to do with the economy, the current economic situation, but had more to do with eliminating some functions and activities that we had traditionally done at the corporate office that we believe our business units can more than easily handle it on their own. So it's just working differently, eliminating complexity, et cetera, et cetera. Those types of things and so we went ahead and did that.
Operator: Thank you. And there are no further questions from the phone lines at this time.
Dean Scarborough: Okay, well, I want to thank everyone for joining the call today. And I want to emphasize that while the second quarter was tough, it doesn't change any of our fundamentals. Our key businesses are still market leaders with significant competitive advantages. We've managed effectively through slowdowns before and we'll come through this one well positioned to grow earnings and increase returns and provide more free cash flow and return cash to shareholders. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-27 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds - Investor Relations Dean Scarborough - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Mitchell Butier - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG Christopher Kapsch George Staphos
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Avery Dennison's Earnings Conference Call for the first quarter ended April 2, 2011. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 12:00 p.m., Pacific time, today, through midnight Pacific time, May 1. To access the replay, please dial 1(800)633-8284 or (402)977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21496534. I'd now like to turn the call over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. You may proceed, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you, welcome, everyone. Our discussion today will reference the earnings release that we issued earlier along with the slide presentation titled First Quarter 2011 Financial Review and Analysis. Both documents were furnished today with our 8-K and posted at the Investor section of our website at www.investors.averydennison.com. We remind you that these unaudited results are preliminary as we have not yet filed our 10-Q. Our news release references GAAP operating margin, which includes the interest expense restructuring and other charges included in the other expense line of our P&L. Restructuring charges tend to be fairly disparate in amount, frequency and timing. In light of the nature of these items, we'll focus our margin commentary on non-GAAP operating margins, which reflects pretax results before their effect and before interest expense. This and other non-GAAP financial measures that we use are reconciled with GAAP in schedules A-2 to A-4 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We also remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to uncertainty. The safe harbor statement included in the documents that we've provided today, along with our 2010 Form 10-K address certain risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations.  I'm sure you noticed in our documents that we've changed the names of some our business to better reflect what we deliver to customers. Our Roll Materials business is now called Label and Packaging Materials and or our Retail Information Service business segment is now Retail Branding and Information Solutions. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mitch Butier, Senior Vice President and CFO.  I'll now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks, Eric. During the year-end earnings call, I outlined our priorities for 2011. First, to close the price inflation gap from the second half of 2010. Second, to continue the positive trajectory for RBIS, improving both sales and margins. Third, to invest in the turnaround of Office and Consumer Products by launching a pipeline of new products. I'll discuss the first quarter in terms of these priorities. All of you know that the first quarter is our lowest revenue quarter because of the seasonality of RBIS and Office and Consumer Products.  Given that seasonality, our results were consistent with our plan and we remain on track for 2011. Pressure-sensitive Materials delivered another quarter of solid top line growth with net sales up 10%, with continuing strength in emerging markets as well as in Europe.  More important though, was the sequential improvement in margins for this segment. Our ability to pass through price increases make material substitutions and increased productivity all contributed to this sequential improvement.  Inflation continues to accelerate in this sector as we see increases in paper, film and chemicals. As a result, we are increasing the magnitude and frequency of our price increases and as well as raising our targets for material reengineering and productivity improvement. I'm confident we'll continue to make progress in margin improvement. Retail Branding and Information Solution had another strong quarter. The 9% sales growth was driven by market volume growth as well as customer program wins resulting from our improved service, RFID rollouts and new products. There is some concern among retailers and brand owners about the consumer's reaction to higher apparel prices, as well as the pocketbook squeeze from higher food and fuel prices. So far, apparel sales had held up well and the inventory to sales ratio for soft goods continues to be at historical low. We'll understand the trend better as the quarter unfolds.  Also the solutions that RBIS provides not only enable brands to differentiate themselves, they also improve supply chain performance and help retailers manage their inventories more effectively. Given the current market environment, that's a real plus. So my confidence level in this business and its execution remain high. As expected, Office and Consumer Products had a tough quarter. Sales volumes were down 13% due to customer inventory reduction from prior year forward VIES, plus a softer retail environment that was partially weather-related. Now while Q1 is always soft, this year's first quarter sales represent less than 20% of Office and Consumer Products' full year sales volume. And given the high variable margins in this segment, operating margins were very low in the first quarter.  Our focus has been on launching new products with the goal of $20 million to $30 million in new product sales during 2011. Customer commitments for these new products are on track with our target. A combination of these new products plus the normal seasonal impact of back-to-school will drive improved sales trends and enable us to achieve our full year margin targets for this business. To sum up, despite the dramatic increase in inflation, we are maintaining the full year earnings guidance we provided in early February. We also expect to meet our free cash flow target for the year and we remain committed to returning more cash to shareholders.  And now, Mitch will go through the quarter in more detail.
Mitchell Butier: Thanks, Dean. Starting with Slide 5 and talking through to Slide 8. Sales in the first quarter were up as reported and organically about 7%, currency had little impact on sales in Q1.  As Dean mentioned, Pressure-sensitive Materials and Retail Branding and Information Solutions again delivered solid top line growth, more than offsetting the decline in Office and Consumer Products.  Our consolidated operating margin declined in the first quarter as expected to 5.4%, driven largely by inflation in PSM and margin compression at OCP, offset somewhat by another quarter margin expansion in RBIS.  Raw material cost in the first quarter came in pretty much as expected and we made good progress offsetting inflation by implementing the productivity initiatives and price increases that we discussed last quarter. Now inflationary pressure again picked up significantly in both March and April, and we are implementing further actions to offset this new inflation. I'll talk more about that in a moment. While our marketing general and administrative expense ratio was flat in the prior year, MD&A increased in absolute dollars.  As we've discussed, we've stepped up growth in IT infrastructure related investments. We also had a warehouse fire in Brazil that cost about $4 million in the quarter. Now before getting into the segments, I just want to point out that our adjusted tax rate increased from 22% to 25% in the first quarter, reflecting our expectation of reduced benefits from discrete tax events this year. Turning to Slide 9. Our Pressure-sensitive Materials segment again delivered strong organic revenue growth of 10%, driven by volume gains and price in both our Label and Packaging Materials businesses and in Graphics and Reflective solutions. PSM's volume growth was a little over 5% led by emerging markets. While PSM's operating margin in the quarter was down 90 basis points year-over-year, margin versus the fourth quarter went up 130 basis points, due to our progress in offsetting raw material inflation. We've talked a lot about our pricing ability and productivity gains in this business and we made great progress in offsetting inflation in the first quarter. Retail Branding and Information Solutions delivered organic sales growth at 9% in the quarter. This business is making great progress in the top and bottom line with operating margin expanding 250 basis points in the quarter. We continue to build momentum and with a strong operating leverage in this business, expect continued margin expansion as we grow. Keep in mind that the sequential decline in operating margin reflects the seasonality of this business. The first quarter is typically the segment's smallest and the second quarter, typically is largest. Dean covered Office and Consumer Products which came in largely as expected. Q1 is also a seasonally low quarter for this business and it was compounded by the Q4 customer inventory build, which reduced Q1 sales and profits. We continue to expect margins in this business to be in the upper single digits for the full year. Our other specialty converting businesses again had solid sales growth in the quarter. Most of the cost of the warehouse fire in Brazil, that I mentioned earlier, impacted these businesses.  Moving onto the outlook for 2011. On Slide 12, we've summarized the key factors that we think will contribute to our P&L and cash flow in 2011. Slide 13 has our EPS and free cash flow guidance. I'll highlight just a few key assumptions that have changed from what we discussed last quarter. We now estimate organic revenue growth in 2011 of approximately 7%, reflecting our large and growing presence in emerging markets and benefits from our investments and growth, as well as less from pricing actions. The increase in our revenue assumption from last quarter is due primarily to price.  Now obviously, currencies have moved since January and at March rates, currency would add $18 million of EBIT year-over-year.  As for inflation, last quarter, we expected $140 million to $150 million of inflation, but inflationary pressure rose dramatically in March and April as I mentioned earlier. We're now experiencing approximately $220 million of raw material inflation year-over-year and it's across most of the materials that we buy. Paper is up, chemicals are up and films are up. A sidenote from those not familiar with how we derive our inflation assumption, our methodology is to project a continuation of what we're currently experiencing for the remainder of the year. As we've demonstrated over the past couple of quarters, we are working to mitigate this inflation by leveraging our global vendor network, seeking substitute materials, driving further productivity and raising prices. We successfully narrowed the price inflation gap in Q1 as demonstrated by the sequential margin expansion of PSM. And given the magnitude of the continuing inflationary pressure, there should be no surprise that we're currently implementing further price increases and productivity initiatives. As we said last quarter, the uncertainty about the timing of when we close the price inflation gap remains one of the key factors driving the range in our EPS guidance.  And as for the tax rate, we're now assuming it to be in the mid-20s at the high-end of our previous range. Netting these puts and takes based on the estimated sales and other assumptions, including the listed factors, our EPS and free cash flow guidance are unchanged. We continue to expect adjusted earnings per share of $3 to $3.30 and free cash flow of $325 million to $350 million. Overall, we remain confident about our position and prospects. We're expecting another year of solid revenue growth driven by strength in PSM and RBIS. We expect to close the price inflation gap and see margin expansion in PSM. RBIS will continue to build momentum in both its top and bottom lines. Free cash flow will remain strong and reflecting the strength of our balance sheet, we've shifted the focus of free cash flow from debt reduction to returning more cash to shareholders.  Now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Ghansham Panjabi, Robert W. Baird & Co.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: The 1% operating margin in office products, I just want to clarify, Dean, was that what you initially forecasted the quarter as for your internal plan? And also, how should we think about the bridge between where you ended at 1% in the upper single digit margin threshold you're still backing for the year?
Dean Scarborough: Yes. We knew when we got the big full guide from some of our customers in the fourth quarter that Q1 would be unusually soft. And if you read some of the announcements from the office superstores, you could see the retail foot traffic was down pretty substantially, especially in January, because of the bad weather. And as you might expect, they weren't really interested in building inventories so pretty much came in right where we thought. And you have to realize given our strong seasonality, especially for back-to-school and the fact that most of the new product programs that customers are excited about really won't hit until the back half of the year. That revenue for us was less than 20% of the full year guidance. So it will be a much different story for the back half -- for the next three quarters, actually. Now it's still going to be lower than it was in the prior year and I think we've been really clear about that.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Yes, yes. Switching to RIS, operating margin is up 250 basis points year-over-year in the first quarter. Is that a reasonable trend line for the full year and also can you comment on trends in April so far?
Mitchell Butier: Yes. The trends have continued or maybe a little choppier for the first few weeks of the second quarter, but Easter is right here, so it's always a little difficult to call that. I think retailers are going to be somewhat cautious about putting products into the pipeline. That being said, our services has never been better, so it appears to me, we're taking some market share, we've got some new products and new programs, especially RFID, it helps us on the upside as well. So I'm feeling reasonably confident about us going to our most important quarter, frankly.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. Sorry, one more. Just a clarification. The warehouse fire, why is that expense for the P&L? I assume you have some sort insurance to cover the loss?
Mitchell Butier: Yes. The cost that flows through the P&L is the amount of our deductible, Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Oh, okay. Got you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: I just want to come back to office products. Was there any residual impact in the 1% margin from, well, remaining competitive action that had taken place last year? Have you seen any change in the pace of competition in the market as the year has progressed thus far?
Dean Scarborough: No. Our share position remains the same as it's been for the last couple of quarters. As you know, it dropped in the third quarter of last year, but it's been essentially pretty flat. I just think it was, again, the main impacts were the inventory buy-ins by customers at the end of the year and a somewhat slower POS than we expected, but that was across the whole industry for the first quarter.
George Staphos: Okay. But -- and just to conclude on that. Yes, your share did not change, you didn't have to defend with any more spending to maintain that share from what you're saying, Dean, correct?
Dean Scarborough: That's correct. We are, though, as we've communicated before, investing in new product development, in advertising and promotional spending. And that, I hate to think about sequentially, but that rate has been going on for a couple of quarters now, so maybe a little more incrementally in the first quarter.
George Staphos: Okay. Within Pressure-sensitive Materials, you mentioned that -- I think you said the sales growth was about 5% led by emerging market. If you mentioned before, I missed it, I apologize but...
Dean Scarborough: 10.
George Staphos: What was that?
Dean Scarborough: 10% growth for Pressure-sensitive Materials.
George Staphos: Okay. Could you just give us a regional walk around then on the sales growth trend that you saw for PSM?
Dean Scarborough: Sure. So North America grew mid-single digits, Europe was in the low-double digits and the emerging markets was in the mid-teen.
George Staphos: Okay. And do you think -- as we think about margin compression and your ability to close the gap, you did a nice job in the first quarter given the acceleration in cost that you saw towards the end of the quarter. Could we not see some maybe widening out of that price cost spread for a period until you catch-up again on pricing? Thanks. I'll turn it over after that.
Dean Scarborough: Well, George, our goal is not to -- and we had definitely accelerated the pacing and the size of our price increases. What could happen though, is if we get another unexpected round, mid-quarter or something like June because that has happened to us before, where we just simply don't have enough time to recover for the quarter. But from a full year perspective, we're still committed to closing that gap.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. The way to I think -- just to add to that point is we talked about we're committed to closing the gap. This area is one of the areas with the greatest uncertainties. So it's one of the biggest reasons for the range in our guidance that we provided. Think about this morning, that term's as far as the timing of when we close it. So from where we were a quarter ago, given the ramp up in inflation that we've seen and that it takes us a couple of months to pass along the inflation through pricing and productivity, you'd expect for that for Q2 in particular and things just to be pushed out a little bit. But overall, we expect to close the gap.
George Staphos: Okay. I understand.
Operator: Our next question's from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas from JPMorgan Securities.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Your inventories moved up about $110 million sequentially and your accounts receivables are up, maybe about $100 million. And I would imagine that part of that is a function of raw materials, part of it is a function of demand. So it seems though that with raw materials relatively high, you'll need to use more working capital this year. So in your $325 million of free cash flow, for your assumption, what kind of working capital do you assume and is working capital use a risk to the free cash flow estimate?
Mitchell Butier: Overall, what our assumption is, is that working capital -- that we basically keep working capital productivity at the same levels as what we had at the year end 2010 so that we're holding on to that productivity. Now we do expect working cap amount, dollar terms, to increase approximately $40 million, $50 million, just given the growth. So when you look at the -- what we've commented on about the level of increase, there is a good amount of currency in some of those changes. And most of the changes are due to just growth overall, with the one exception being inventory. In inventory, there was a couple of additional things that we built inventory in the first quarter. One was around just -- we potentially did in Europe around the system implementation around the end of the quarter. We were going to shut the plant down for a little bit, so we built up some inventory for that. And two, is also because of the inflation, we pre-boxed some materials ahead of some price increases. So overall, for the full year, we expect to hold on to the productivity. We've demonstrated our ability to do that. We feel confident with our ability to do that. In Q1, you did see that it slipped from prior year for those reasons.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then -- so we've seen propylene move up about $0.15 a pound in April. And it should move up again in May. So do you think that that's going to lead to your margins and Pressure-sensitive shrinking a little bit in the second quarter or do you think your prices can stay ahead of the current propylene outlook?
Dean Scarborough: Well, Jeffrey, this is always the -- it's a difficult question. And again, I think Mitch stated it well. It's the reason for the range in our guidance because we can't really actively predict when we'll get those next price increase or two. And it takes us a couple of months. The answer is, sure, that's always a risk, if inflation accelerates way beyond what we projected for the quarter and what we have out in our current pricing. And then we have to make it up with the next round of price increases.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then lastly, in terms of your office products margins, this used to be sort of a high mid-teens operating margin business with the competitive environment that you're in now, has that sort of secular margin moved down? And how do you see that going forward for this year and then the out years?
Dean Scarborough: Well, we indicated that we'd be in the upper single-digit margins this year. And that's a combination of, certainly, what we had to do to tend the brand. But also, a fairly significant investment in brand building and in new product development. So we expect to see the first net in the back half of this year. And then in 2012, we'd start to see those margins climb again as those products start to get an annualized [indiscernible] than we have more products and categories coming on stream. So I don't think we've given guidance on where we think office products will settle out there. I think it's reasonable to assume it's probably not going to be at the high double-digit margins than it was before.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: All right.
Operator: Our next question's from the line of John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: Just a couple of questions. With regard to your raw material inflation number where you're looking for $220 million, what does that assume in terms of raw materials from the current level? Do they -- are you expecting further inflation later on this year or things to level off?
Mitchell Butier: No. So basically our raw material assumptions just assumes what we see today which isn't just what's priced in today but where we've had communications from vendors or discussions around what's actually happening in the market as of this time. So we don't forecast or speculate what Q3 or Q4 will turn out to be because that moved pretty wildly both up and down over the past few quarters.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, fair enough. And then just one question on the tax rate. It looks like it's -- you're indicating it's coming -- it's going to come in toward the high end of what you were expecting. And historically, you kind of have a -- had a very low tax level and I guess I'm wondering how we should be thinking about directionally the tax rate going, say, into 2012 and beyond?
Mitchell Butier: The mid-20% range we've talked about in the 20s is the more normalized rate. We've had a number discrete tax planning events. Every year, we expect to have discrete tax events. The past couple of years, we've had a couple very large ones, but that we expect to dissipate over time and to be more just a normal level and bring us in to the mid-20s or so.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, great.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question's from the line of Christopher Kapsch with BDR Research Group.
Christopher Kapsch: I just wanted to come at this pricing -- the raw material cost inflation and price increase from another angle. And I'm just curious if the -- my understanding is you have some price increases on the table this spring. I'm just wondering if those go through along with the adhesive surcharges, if that's enough to offset and close this gap in what you perceive now to be the inflation for the rest of the year?
Dean Scarborough: Well, we're planning more after that. So these current price increases were actually announced, I don't know, 30 or 45 days ago. And so we've received additional inflations since that time, so we're planning more increases later.
Christopher Kapsch: Okay. And then just on a cost accounting basis, do you go -- is it a LIFO or FIFO cost basis? Because the reason I asked, I'm just wondering if the sequential margin improvement that you saw on this segment in the first quarter wasn't -- if it's on a -- if you're on a LIFO basis that would be -- had been in spite of, I guess, some more raw material cost inflation later in the quarter?
Mitchell Butier: We're on a FIFO basis overall. The way I think about it is if the inflation started mid-last year and that's when the margins, if you're focusing on PSM, dropped from around 10% down to 8% in Q3, Q4. Because of some of that lag in pushing in the pricing, the inflation frugal and prices will productivity. So we started to narrow that gap. And so with this new round of inflation, we're now passing off price increases just as fast as the new rounds are coming through right now. And so that's how you should think about it overall.
Christopher Kapsch: Got you. Are there any regions where converters are more resistant to the price increases versus other regions? In other words, is it easier to get through in emerging markets versus North America?
Dean Scarborough: Never easy.
Christopher Kapsch: All right. Okay, fair enough. And I just had a one follow-up question on the RBIS segment. You mentioned the share that you're gaining. I'm just wondering if what's -- in terms of your value proposition to the ultimate customers there, is the share being driven more from your efforts to help them in differentiating their brands and their products, and so more on the branding identification side of things or is it really more driven by you just having a better mousetrap with helping them with supply chain logistics or is it a little bit of both?
Dean Scarborough: I think it's both. Certainly, the RFID implementation is where we captured quite a bit of business there. It's all about in-store solutions and supply chain management. We've also -- we dramatically improved our service as well. And as you can imagine, retailers are ordering in smaller batches and they want faster turnaround. It's a way that they can react to their markets more quickly. And that's really helped us a lot and we just, in fact, did a recent customer survey and we definitely saw -- the customers indicated they saw improvements in our service capability which was great news. On the branding side as well, we watched a number of new initiatives, especially on the exterior branding environment, although that hasn't impacted sales yet, it's something that we've had a lot of interest in. So it's pretty much been across-the-board.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Peter Ruschmeier from Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: I wanted to ask, Dean, if you could elaborate on your comment of inventory to sales being low, and I imagine that's affecting both PSM and RIS, but is it affecting both those businesses equally and as you talk to your customers, what is your sense out there that this is a new normal that we're dealing with? Or is there something that you'd anticipate, a change in that going forward?
Dean Scarborough: Yes. Pete, specifically, I should have a been more clear. The inventory to sales ratio that I was referring to has to do with footwear and soft goods, which we have talked about in various seminars and of course, investor meetings. And that remains at historical lows. So speaking specifically for RBIS, what we see there is that retailers are still planning. Their season's well but then, they always keep this open to buy. So it's the reorder points that -- they're just being cautious, very similar to -- they have been in the last year or so. They don't want their inventories to get out a whack with sales. Some are raising prices on certain apparel items right now and they're trying to make -- they're trying to test and see what the consumer reaction will be to some of those apparel price increases. I don't think we've had apparel price increases for 20 years in this country, so it is a little bit new territory that they're breaking into. So far, it doesn't seem to have impacted overall volume, but we'll see as the year progresses. On the pressure sensitive side, I've been pleasantly surprised, especially in Europe with overall buy-in demands, and when I read the all the news coming out of Europe, sometimes it surprises me. Some of that of course is related to Eastern Europe which still remains pretty strong, but even Western Europe has been strong. And I think North America's also held up pretty well. So that is something I watch very closely because, typically, the pressure sensitive businesses and the volume in the market tend to be a leading indicator for what what's going on in the economy. So far, no warning lights.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: So far, so good. Okay, that's helpful. Maybe a question for Mitch, if I could. I was just trying to reconcile if I have my numbers right here, net debt rose by $193 million sequentially and part of that I appreciate was working capital related, but I can't seem to connect all the dots. Were there other cash items that affected the balance sheet looking at that comparison?
Mitchell Butier: Well, overall Q1, traditionally, seasonally, is the lowest quarter and it's always cash flow negative and it was quite a bit more negative in Q1 this year than Q1 last year, which we anticipated. So it's the -- overall, just the results in the free cash flow -- I mean, the working capital dynamics that you're seeing there, one thing specifically is just every year, we do pay our annual bonus in Q1. And so that is one of the reasons for the seasonal -- for being seasonal lower. But there's nothing else beyond that.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then maybe just lastly, Dean, as you mentioned returning cash to shareholders. How do you think about that against the backdrop of expectations for higher taxes going forward as it relates to dividends? So if you're comparing contrast dividends versus buybacks, I think previously, you said you wanted to ratchet back your dividend to prior levels more quickly. But is that really part of your focus still or how do you think about that?
Dean Scarborough: Certainly a discussion on the board room and we're going to use both levers as we go forward. So we bought back 3 million shares at the end of the fourth quarter last year. And so, used quite a bit of capital to buy back shares. And as you know, the board authorized another 5 million shares for -- authorized for purchase as well. So again, we'll use both and I don't think it's a good idea for me to get into specific -- breaking that down.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Fair enough.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: There's been some recent announcements within the paper industry that what's been traditionally a put in writing capacity as demand has been declining, maybe moving into the production instead of special grade like base stock, police liners and the like. Do you think that, that might be able to have a beneficial effect at some point in the next 12 months in terms of the inflation that you're seeing right now? Whatever thoughts you have around that? Then taking it from a different tech, can you just update us on what your capacity expansion plans are for this year and if there any coders that you know of from some of your larger competitors that are going up this year?
Dean Scarborough: Sure. George, I'm hopeful that more people get into this business. I don't think it will impact us much this year. We've spent a lot of time over the last few years developing new sources of supply in emerging markets in the film area and in the paper area. And that's actually helped us, especially in times of somewhat tighter supply. But typically, unfortunately, when someone announces they're going to get into the specialty paper business it's capital investment, it takes time and then they've got to figure out how to actually makes the grades that we buy. So I'm not too hopeful for 2011, and maybe in 2012 will -- that will help us. In terms of our capacity expansion, the number one expansion that we're executing right now is in India. In fact, I was there over the last couple of weeks and that projects is right on track to come online in the back half of the year. Still, very solid growth in South Asia. And in other parts of the world, frankly, we're able to -- China, we made a big investment a couple of years ago, so we're still in pretty good shape there. And in Europe, in North America, we're handling the volume increases simply with the ongoing productivity. I would expect though with emerging market growth continuing at the rate that it's growing that, that will be the next area for somewhere in Asia or even South America, we're going to need to make some more investments in capacity going on. I've not heard of major investments in capacity by competitors. There might be some small ones if there are, I'm not just aware of it.
George Staphos: Dean, on the emerging market capacity, when that does come in, if it does come, is that a -- do you have enough capacity in these markets to get through 2012 or could we, in fact, see the next coder coming in 2012? And I would imagine with the coder, you have some additional splitting in distribution capacity that you have to put in place. Obviously that's not going to be as capital intensive but nonetheless, it would seem that, that would also have to go hand in glove?
Dean Scarborough: Sure. I mean, that's a normal part of the process. Now normally we don't put in all the finishing capacity at the same time as you do coding because the coder's capacity generally last for two or three years in those markets. So we do split that out a little bit. My guess is -- and we haven't done our planning yet. We normally have our planning meetings in June on capital is that -- we'll likely be doing something in emerging markets in 2012. I just don't know exactly where yet, we're still trying to figure that out.
Mitchell Butier: And, George, when we've look at -- talked about the capital expenditure for this year, we said about 1/3 of that would be to growth, most of that investment's in the emerging markets. So there's the coder capacity that's also adding some more splitters, more investments within the RBIS space and so forth. So overall, that is getting a disproportionate share of the capital going forward.
George Staphos: Okay. Thanks for the reminder on that, Mitch. The last question and then I'll turn it over. What materials are you finding, if you can talk about it, that you're able to buy on an advantage basis in emerging markets in Asia on chemical? I imagine to some degree that this region would actually be at a costless advantage versus, say, U.S. suppliers. But maybe I'm wrong, but if you could help us fill in some of the gaps here, that would be great.
Dean Scarborough: George, I'd love to, but I would don't want to give away our -- sort of our trade secrets.
Operator: Mr. Scarborough, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to you. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Dean Scarborough: Thank you. Well, just to sum up, we made progress in the first quarter against our three main priorities. We made progress on inflation, it's accelerating again and we're taking further actions to close the cost in price gap. Retail Branding and Information Solutions continues to build momentum, improving both sales and margin. And Office and Consumer Products is on track for improvement later this year. And as Mitch said, we're maintaining our full year earnings guidance and free cash flow target and remain committed to returning cash to shareholders. Thanks, everyone, for joining, and we look forward to speaking with you again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and kindly ask that you please disconnect your line. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-02 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Dean Scarborough - Chairman, President and CEO Mitch Butier - SVP and CFO Cindy Guenther - VP, Global Financial Planning and Analysis. Eric Leeds - Head of IR
Analysts: George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group John McNulty - Credit Suisse Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Avery Dennison Corporation Earnings Conference Call for the fourth quarter and full year ended January 1, 2011. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 11:00 am Pacific Time, today through midnight Pacific Time February 6th. To access the replay please dial 800-633-8284 or 402-97-9140, for international callers; the conference ID Number is 21496533. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Eric Leeds, Avery Dennisons, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you, welcome everyone. Our discussion today will reference the earnings release that we issued earlier along with the slide presentation titled 'Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Financial Review and Analysis.' Both documents were furnished today with our 8-K and posted at the Investors section of our website at www.investors.averydennison.com. We remind you that these results are preliminary as we've not yet filed our 10-Q. Our news release references GAAP operating margin, which includes interest expense, restructuring, and other charges included in the other expense line of our P&L. Restructuring charges tend to be fairly disparate in amount, frequency, and timing. In light of the nature of these items, we'll focus our margin commentary on pre-tax results before their effect and before interest expense. These numbers are reconciled with GAAP in schedules A2 to A5 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We also remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to uncertainty.] The Safe Harbor statement included in the documents that we provided today along with our 2009 Form 10-K and 2010 Forms 10-Q address certain risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Mitch Butier, Senior Vice President and CFO. I will now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean. Scarborough: Thanks Eric, and hello everyone. 2010 was a year of solid improvement. We delivered on all key measures for the full year and we made progress on our longer term goals as well. We say strong top-line growth in our two largest segment, Pressure-sensitive Materials and Retail Information Services, which more than offset the decline in office and consumer products. Both segments benefited from our strong position in emerging markets and an increased focus on marketing to end customers. We expanded margins year-over-year. However, margins came under pressure in the second half of the year as raw material inflation outpaced price increases. While we narrowed the gap in the fourth quarter, we didnt close it. Our number one priority right now is to close that gap in the face of additional inflation, by raising prices, as well as accelerating material substitution and taking productivity actions. The highlight of the year was our improved financial strength. We generated $379 million of free cash flow, which we used to reduce debt by nearly $300 million, exceeding our targeted net debt to EBITDA ratio. The radiation team hasnt proved their outlook. We also contributed more than required to our action plan $78 million and continued to invest in growth and in infrastructure. Putting ourselves in a position to return more cash to shareholders was a key objective for 2010.and we achieved our goal. As we announced this morning, we increased our quarterly dividend by 25% and we have a new authorization per share repurchases. During the fourth quarter, we repurchase 3 million shares, offsetting dilution and the board has authorized us to repurchase an additional 5 million shares. Now, turning to the businesses, pressure sensitive materials had low double digit organic sales growth with strength in all regions. Operating margins was up year-over-year, but down sequentially as inflation continued to pressure margins. As I said, the end of the year was a gap between price and raw material costs that we intend to close not only with price increases but with material substitution and productivity. During the year, we saw the benefits of our investments in end user marketing to specific segments such as food, beverage, pharma and durables. We built a large pipeline of projects with end users to accelerate the conversion to pressure sensitive from alternative forms of packaged decoration. And as a result, were capturing new business. Our raw materials business announced two significant innovations last year. One is a new system for labeling curved surfaces and the other is a new product platform that uses dramatically thinner liner materials that are lower cost and more sustainable. And our graphics and reflective products business launched a new line of films for digital printers that are best in class. I am very pleased with the progress retail information services made last year. RIS delivered much stronger sales growth through dramatic improvements in service and quality. Margin improved as we saw the benefit of increased volumes on board this cost. We are starting to deliver on our value proposition to retailers and brand owners who responded very positively to the products and solutions we launched last year. RIS has further to go but its starting to realize its potential for sales growth and margin expansion. And although small, an important part of the long term RIS success story is RFID. Shipments in the year of RFID inlaying for apparel nearly doubled over last year. And we expect continued strong growth in 2011. Our office and consumer products here turned out as expected given the continued weakness in white collar employment and the impact of new competition. We executed the solid defense of our labels business. We also invested in innovation and created a pipeline of new products that should be visible at retail in the back half of 2011. In summary we exceeded our targets for the year. Our employees did a great job executing on our strategy by serving customers well. And I am really pleased to be in a position to deliver increased cash to share holders. For 2011, our business priorities are as follows. First, close the price inflation gap. We had a long history of recovering inflation related margin loss over the cycle and we expect to follow that pattern again. Well further improve our AFS market position as well as sales and margin. Well continue to drive the conversion to Pressure Sensitive materials in key segments with innovative new solutions. And well continue to invest in the turnaround of Office Products and start generating sales out of this new product pipeline. We expect that capital expense will be higher in 2011 about $175 million but still significantly below our depreciation range and our run rate prior to the recession. Our priorities for capital are disciplined investments for organic growth especially in emerging markets and ramping up the IT infrastructure investment that we deferred during the recession. Finally, we remained focused on generating strong free cash flow to support the investment and to return more cash to shareholders. Now Ill turn it over to Mitch.
Mitch Butier: Thanks, Dean. Starting with slide six and talking through to slide nine. Sales in the fourth quarter were up organically about 9%. As Dean mentioned, Pressure Sensitive Materials and Retail Information Services again delivered solid growth in all regions and more than offset the decline in office products. Our operating margin increased in the fourth quarter as expected to 5.9%, as the benefit of higher volume was more than offset the impact of the price inflation gap, reduced margin in Office Products and increased investments in growth and infrastructure. While raw materials came in the fourth quarter pretty much as expected, inflationary pressure did pick up in December and that pressure has carried into this year. We previously said that we anticipated narrowing the price inflation gap early in 2011. The continued rise in raw material cost however, has further delayed the timing of when we expect to close the price inflation gap. This inflation affects all of our segments. The majority of it though, is in Pressure Sensitive Material and the Other Specialty Converting businesses. Ill provide more color on that in a moment. Before getting into the segments I want to point out that the discrete tax planning event that we flagged in October came in at $0.42. This benefit will be realized to lower cash tax payments over the coming years and without this benefit our effective tax rate for the year would have been 23%. Turning to slide 10, our Pressure Sensitive Material segment again delivered strong organic revenue growth of 11%, driven primarily by volume gains in all of our raw materials business. While PSMs operating margin in the quarter was up 30 basis points year-over-year, margin versus in the third quarter was down half a point due to the raw material inflation. The inflation that we are currently facing is primarily due to the rising cost of adhesive components, which is being driven by higher commodity prices as well as the prior capacity constraints. We are managing global vendor network to help mitigate this inflation, seeking substitute materials to reduce cost, driving further productivity and working to offset the rest with price increases. In fact, we are planning another of price increases for the spring and this is on top of those that we just implemented. We are confident that the margin will expand from this current level in Pressure Sensitive as a combination of pricing and other productivity measures offset rising input costs. Retail Information Services finished the year with organic sales growth of 11% in the quarter. This business which was hit hard during the recession due to retail inventory de-stocking is making great progress on the top and bottom lines. We are clearly building momentum in the marketplace and with a strong operating leverage in this business expect continued margin expansion as we grow. We demonstrated this over the past year. The operating margin here has expanded four full points in the quarter and nearly six points for the full year. Looking at Office Products, the decline in sales in the fourth quarter reflected weak end market demand and increased competition in the labels category. As expected Office Product operating margin declined in the quarter due to increased consumer promotions, investments in growth and the lower volume. We previously discussed the competitive situation here and our strategy is to reverse the trajectory of the business. So, the margins will remain under pressure and actually further erode in the near-term as we feel the full effect of action taken last year to defend our position in the labels category as well as investing in innovation. Our other specialty converting business again had solid sales growth in Q4. And margins have improved as a result of the benefit of increased volume and productivity gains. Now, while margins improved, the overall margin for this collection of businesses remained in the red in Q4 due primarily to the price inflation gap. Moving on to the outlook for 2011; on slide 13, we highlighted the key factors that we think will contribute to our P&L and cash flow in 2011. Slide 14 has our EPS and free cash flow guidance. We estimate organic revenue growth of approximately 6%, reflecting our large and growing presence in emerging markets and benefits from our investments and growth, as well as some lift in pricing actions. Based on the estimated sales and other assumptions, including the listed factors, we expect adjusted EPS of $3 to $3.30 and free cash flow of $325 million to $350 million. This guidance assumes a $140 million to $150 million of inflation. As I said earlier, we are working to mitigate this inflation by leveraging our global vendor network, driving further productivity and planning additional price increases. That said, the uncertainty about the timing of when we close the price inflation gap is one of the key factors driving the range in our EPS guidance. Now, let me highlight some of the other key considerations reflecting our guidance. As mentioned earlier, we expect the operating margin and the Office and Consumer Products business to further erode in 2011 before rebounding. We anticipate Q1 EPS as a percent of full-year earnings to be on the lower side of historical norms that is closer to 15% of full-year earnings. This is due to tougher comps in Office Products and the timing of the price inflation gap in Pressure-Sensitive, as well as the fact that it is a seasonally lowest quarter for RIS We expected our ongoing pension expenses will be less than last year reflecting changes made to our U.S. retirement plans and we expect CapEx to be approximately $175 million. This is well below D&A and below pre recession levels. Our disciplined approach to capital management and our Lean Sigma productivity efforts should enable us to continue to invest below D&A for the near future. Overall, we are confident about our position and prospects and with good reason. Were expecting another year of solid revenue growth in 2011 driven by momentum in emerging markets and Retail Information Services. We expect to close the price inflation gap in Pressure-Sensitive and see PSMs margins expense, RIS will continue to build momentum in both its top and bottom line. On a constant tax basis, we expect 8% to 20% earnings growth in 2011 and free cash flow remained strong. Given the strength of our balance sheet, weve shifted the focus of free cash flow from debt reduction to returning more cash to shareholders. Weve reduced net debt to less than two times EBITDA and both rating agencies recently indicated improved sentiment of our financial strength. Its great to be back in the position of raising the dividend and buying back stock, great indicators of our confidence in our financial strength and growth prospects. Ill now turn it over to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of George Staphos, Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, hi guys, good morning.
Dean Scarborough: Hi George.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: The question I had and I realized this is a difficult to pinpoint this because it all depends on when input costs stop increasing and at what rate theyve increased over this period. But when do you think given you have a view the world right now and the price increases that you have contemplated for 2011 that you will actually catch up and then narrow the price cost gap in PSM to zero? 
Dean Scarborough: Well, George, you actually said it, it depends on much inflation keeps going, thats the big wild card. Id say our goal assuming the inflation that we put into the guidance is to do that by the second quarter.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So run rate in second quarter and in terms of the actual results third quarter?
Dean Scarborough: Is basically -- its one of the key factors of the range of our guidance. So if all other things being equal, you could assume -- the higher end of the range assumed, thats earlier next year, early second quarter and the lower end of the guidance is later than that.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks all, Ill turn it over.
Operator: The next question comes from Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird: Hi, guys good morning.
Dean Scarborough: Good morning.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird: I am just curious on RIS, were your numbers during the quarter in line with your expectations, because it seems like retail apparel sales were very, very stronger in the fourth quarter and it seems like it should translate into your RIS lines more significantly or was that something we should expect for 2Q of 2011? Thanks.
Mitch Butier: Yes. Ghansham, recall that everything that was sold in the fourth quarter was already billed by us in the second quarter, and part of the third quarter. So we tend to be -- before the products are shipped is when we are doing the billing. So, our expectations during the quarter was, it was pretty good apparel season. The inventory to sales ratio, remained at historically low levels. So, I'm pretty optimistic about 2011 for Retail Information Services.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird: So, just to clarify, just given how the strong the quarter was for your customers, has that translated into increased order flow for '011?
Mitch Butier: We wont really see that until -- we had a good fourth quarter. So, some of the spring season orders are already in there, but really the real strength in the business, well start to see that in the March-April-May timeframe. That tends to be a really heavy season for RIS.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird: Got you. Okay, thank you.
Dean Scarborough:  Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John E. Roberts of Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead with you question.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Good morning or afternoon.
Dean Scarborough:  Hi, John.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: In the 6% sales growth target, how much is price and how much is volume?
Dean Scarborough: About a third of the overall growth is estimated to be price.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group:  And then, in the fourth quarter just reported, did you give price for the various segments?
Dean Scarborough:  I dont think we want to comment on the actual pricing that we saw within the various segments for specifically, for a particular quarter a year. But overall what we've been saying is that inflation really, sort of ramping up in Q2 and built in Q3 and Q4 and now we are seeing built in Q1, and our pricing has been about a quarter lag from that.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group:  Okay. I'll get back in the queue.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of John P. McNulty, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse:  Yeah, hi. Just a couple quick questions. In the Pressure-Sensitive area, you put through some pretty sizeable price increases. Did you see what you would view as an appropriate competitive response in the industry?
Mitch Butier: Yes, I mean, our competitors are raising prices and there certainly incentive to, I think one difference between our input cost and sort of our competitors is that a lot of the intensity last year came on the monomer and adhesive side. So we tended to see that inflation may be a quarter before our competitors did which, they would get buffered because they buy their refuses on the outside. But it certainly is now showing up in there in their margin. So I can see and well see an increase in center for competitors to increase prices.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. And then just one quick question on the new share repurchase plan for $5 million shares. Is it something that we should be thinking about in terms of simply covers future dilution or is it something where we should see the share counts start coming down and is there any assumption for that in your EPS guidance? Thanks.
Dean Scarborough:  Well, we really dont comment on the timing of share repurchases but overall our intent is to return more cash to shareholders. Obviously, weve done that with the dividend and our intent is to devote more of our free cash flow to buying back shares as well.
Mitch Butier: And the overall assumption, our EPS guidance is relatively flat to share accounts on average, if you think about that an averaging effect throughout the year?
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan Securities.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities: Hi, good day. Would you borrow to repurchase shares or would you use just the cash which is on your balance sheet?
Mitch Butier: Quarter-by-quarter, it would vary but overall the expectations that wed be using cash and cash flow for repurchase of shares.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities: Okay. And so this is an authorization that you expect to complete say over a two to three year-period?
Mitch Butier: We dont want to comment on the timing of when were going to do the share repurchases. But this is not something I had expected to be done in that timeframe overall.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities:  Okay. And then, lastly in other specialty converting, why did you lose money in the quarter and what are the prospects for next year?
Dean Scarborough:  Yes, that business is a mix of different businesses, our tapes business is the largest entity in there, and they had bit of a tough year in terms of catching along raw material inflation. But then we have a number of new startup businesses in that sector as well. So RFID business is in there and weve got couple of other small converting businesses in there as well. So is pretty small and I do expect it to be better in 2011.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator:
 :
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital:  Thank you and good morning. I was hoping you could help us to break down the $175 million of capital, is there much there for IS information spending and then the growth capital. How much of that is emerging markets and can you share how you are thinking about which markets hold the most promise?
Dean Scarborough: Sure. So at a high level is basically three major components to the $175 million of capital. But a third of it for investments in growth, principally in emerging markets, a vast majority of that is for emerging market investments. Another third of it is for productivity related investments and maintenance capital within mature markets and the last third is for IT infrastructure. So, in emerging market CapEx were adding a significant amount of capacity in India for our Pressure Sensitive materials business. We are also adding investments and capacity in Asia for Retail Information Services as well as raw material business; so, China and other places in South Asia.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: And is there anything noteworthy on the IT infrastructure side, in terms of, what you are doing there? Is that kind of an ongoing maintenance type number or is there something specific that you are ramping?
Dean Scarborough:  Well, there are couple of things we call that for Retail Information Services. We had announced after the acquisition of Paxar that we needed to invest in IT systems to allow us to integrate a lot of disparate systems. During the recession we said no, we'll wait, and so now is the time to make that investment and now that the business has got really good traction. Also there is some systems that are getting at the end of life that we need to replace. So, I think we are getting back to more normalized level of IT spending.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: And I am sorry. This is just last to clarify on that, is that capital thats going to get returned or is that really more of a required expenditure?
Mitch Butier:  Well, the RIS expenditures have a nice return. So, I am excited about that. Some of the other ones are like replacing things like financial systems dont necessarily have a return, and it's just maintenance capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Very helpful, thank you very much.
Dean Scarborough: Sure.
Operator:  Our next question is a follow-up question from George Staphos, Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Yeah, hi. Thanks. I guess my next question is, as you think about your key customers within Pressure-Sensitive Materials and really here Im thinking about the label converters. How have they progressed in the last 12 months? What kind of shape are they and to ultimately pass along input cost inflation from you and elsewhere and are you seeing any kinds of interesting developments and innovations in label converting that may be help accelerate growth where will it be more less running round on what the volume trend are within the CPG sector. Thanks.
Mitch Butier: Yeah, its a good question, George. I think last year the label converters were getting fatigued by the price increases and I believe its because many of them during 2010 were kind of locked into fixed price contracts for the year with a number of their customers across many sectors. And weve done, I think, the best job we could in educating that marketplace is to say thats not really a good idea in this environment. So my sense in talking to a lot of label converters is that theyre reluctant now to sign up for full year price guarantees, because we cant give them any kind of protection on raw material inflation. So I think 2011 will be a bit of a different game for most label converters. From my perspective, the innovation in the marketplace is really being driven by our end-use marketing efforts in terms of coming up with new solutions like the Curvy container product and thinner liner material innovation, which allows us to explore other types of applications that typically are not that pressure-sensitive. So, weve got a number of innovations that well be watching later this year at the Label Expo. So, yes, I think 2010 was a tough year. But I think people now in the industry realize that this inflation is going to be with us for while and I anticipate label converters actually having raw material price through contracts with their customers as best as they can.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks Dean, Ill turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi, Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird: Hi, guys, hi, again. You know Dean, as we look back over the last few years, 08 was clearly a year market dislocation, 09 perhaps is best characterized as cost cutting and maybe a modest recovery, 10 was a year of volume improvement by higher inflation. How would you qualify 011 as you see it right now? Is the year of margin catch up?
Dean Scarborough:  Yes, again it depends -- here is the way I look at this. So, the last time we went through major inflation and I think there was already a gap for us to catch up, our trust is actually higher than it was before. So over the cycle I think weve been definitely making progress. And what were gearing up for this year, is dividing volumes will be good. Thats our sense, especially in emerging markets where we have a good position. We expect inflation to continue and were going to be aggressive about catching up with that. But also were going to get aggressive with suppliers on material substitution side. Weve been working over the last 18 months very hard to bring new supplier to the marketplace, especially in emerging markets and some of that is going bear fruit this year. So, in that respect we are able to take a little more control
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird:  Okay, thanks. Good luck in the quarter.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is a follow up question from John E. Roberts, Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead with your question.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Alright, thank you. Given the importance of apparel to the RIS business, is there record high fiber cost that apparel makers facing causing them to time their volumes or do anything with their volumes that might affect the labels that go on apparel?
Dean Scarborough: Not really. I think that, you know, the apparel guys will change for the fibers they use. They will use more polyester cotton blends than just pure cotton because cotton is at a record high. They still have to get product into the stores for the normal season. So, I dont anticipate any issues there and so, I dont sense that. If anything, I think, there is still a tremendous opportunity for us to gain share in this business. Because apparel companies want to enhance their brands, they are looking for more sustainable products with a lot of solutions that we can offer retailers and brand owners that help them improve their gross profit margin. Their position.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: I may have asked this before but are there placements of RIS machines that act as a leading indicator of your business or something like that that you can talk about? That the ticketing machine installations are up year-over-year or something like that?
Dean Scarborough: Yeah, we are already everywhere we need to be. So, there is no really leading indicator there for us. You know, we kind of get a lead indicator on how retailers are feeling about the upcoming season because, they order, obviously, months in advance when the product has to be in the stores. And again we'll see that -- actually though we had a pretty good fourth quarter. For me, retailers were optimistic about consumers wanting to spend and they spent on parallel. And well see in a few months about how folks feel about the Fall season with the orders coming in and again in the March-April timeframe.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities: So my understand, Dean, is that acrylics prices keep moving up in fourth quarter. If acrylics hasnt moved up in the first quarter, would you have caught up to the raw material cost inflation that you felt in the fourth quarter and the first quarter?
Dean Scarborough: Yeah. Within the first quarter we would catch-up. Towards the middle of the first quarter, we would be expecting the catch-up. We did not have this latest round of inflation which is we would not be planning the current price increase for spring.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities: Okay and in your commentary on Office Products, did you -- you said that you would still be under a little bit of pressure. Were there any usually good items in the fourth quarter that is, was the volume a little bit better than you expected and for next year it sounds like youre expecting down operating profit for the year? Is that correct?
Mitch Butier: Yeah. So first on the fourth quarter. We did see more volume coming through and basically that was some customer did some pre-buying to, I think help their yearend. They improved their rebate levels a little bit. We see this varying from year-to-year but its a little more than what expected in Q4. Here is my expectation for 2011 for Office Products. And that is well be investing in demand creation and new product development and thats where -- and plus were going feel the full year impact of the losses that we had in the label category in 2010. But I expect sales to level up because well start to see product placement for lot of our new product categories and then well really start with back-to-school period and in the fall. So thats when we really see the benefit of the investments we are making there.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities:  How much business have you lost or how much business did you lose in 2010?
Mitch Butier: You know, it wasnt that much. In label category, remember this is about $200 million category. I think on a rate basis we lost six or seven share points in total. We actually only lost placement at one retailer and we didnt lose it in the catalogue. And we still have the high volume skews in that retailer. So from my perspective the team did really good job of defending our market share position. Of course, it cost us some money, but it was absolutely the right thing to do.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities: Okay, thank you very much.
Dean Scarborough: Sure.
Operator: And our next question is a follow up question from George Staphos, Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Hi, guys. Putting all of that commentary together to Jeffs questions and the fact that, you get the leveling off and the leverage in the second half of the year when you get back to back-to-school season, and earlier when we were talking about Pressure-sensitive Material price pass through and the youll, more or less catch up at some point in the second quarter, given what you know the world right now with input costs. Does it seems logical then that in terms of the quarterly progressions that the first half of the year, the company is running perhaps flat-to-down versus last year, given the comparisons and would you really get the earnings growth in the second half of 2011?
Dean Scarborough: Yes, so overall -- let me just put this in the frame this up around what we expecting in Graphics Products. We are investing in this business and we -- turn reverse. The trajectories have been full from the top-to-bottom line. We are expecting 2011 to further erode, both top and bottom lines. But the pace of erosion to slow down on the top line and then in the middle of the year, particular with PCs and Back-to-School, we will be able to launce a number of new products and we will be able to start to see the sales coming through from that. It will still be relatively small on how you measure from a financial perspective. In 2011, it is really going to provide a great pace for moving into 2012. So, you think about how things play out throughout the year. Overall, you should be thinking about Office Products still showing some erosion on the topline but it is slowing down our pace and margins too, as I said earlier, further erode as well full-year and --.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, I guess, but my question was -- with more than aggregate Avery Dennison with the sample. In other words, if I say the trends and comparisons in Office and the price cost pass through, battled year, you got underway right now with Pressure Sensitive Materials. But it sounds like at least from our vantage point first half of 2011 for Avery Dennison, an aggregate earnings were probably more likely to be flat-to-down. Obviously, you have given us guidance for an up year and more than 100% of the growth should come in the second half. Would that be a fair assessment?
Mitch Butier: The gross and
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: earnings.
Mitch Butier: On a company-wide level, yes, you would expect more of that to be back half. Remember also when you think about that the RIS in their second quarter, seasonally the high-end. So, the significant amount of earnings usually about a third of a full-year earnings come in the second quarter, all other things being equal because of RIS seasonality. But aside from that point you're right, second half is when you would expect more of the profit to come through.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Fair point on that as well. Mitch, thanks very much. Good luck in the year.
Mitch Butier: Thank you. Thanks.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of John E. Roberts, Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead with your question.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: The 100% growth that you had in RFID Q4 over Q4, was that broad-based and/or did it include a major ramp by any U.S. retailer?
Dean Scarborough: Its certainly a big part of the growth was in apparel RFID tags. So, we also had growth in other segments where we sell RFID inlays. So from that perspective it was pretty broad-based. And we did have a couple of customers in the U.S. ramp up their RFID programs.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Dean Scarborough.
Dean Scarborough: Well, thanks for joining the call today and to sum up, we have solid 2010 and we feel good about 2011. As I noted earlier, our priorities for the year are to close the price inflation gap and expand margins, drive sales growth with our investments in marketing and innovation and continue to generate strong free cash flow, enabling us to return more cash to shareholders. Thanks everyone for joining and we look forward to speaking with you again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-27 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds  Head, IR Dean Scarborough  Chairman, President and CEO Dan O'Bryant  EVP, Finance and CFO
Analysts: Ghansham Panjabi  Robert W. Baird George Staphos  Banc of America\Merrill Lynch Silke Kueck  JPMorgan John McNulty  Credit Suisse Joe Naya  UBS Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital
Operator: Welcome to Avery Dennison's earnings conference call for the first quarter ended April 3, 2010. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from one 11 a.m. Pacific Time today through Midnight Pacific Time April 30, 2010. To access the reply, please dial 800-633-8284 for international callers, 402-977-9140. The conference ID number is 21438866. I would now like to turn the conference over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome everyone. Our discussion today will reference the earnings release that we issued earlier along with the slide presentation titled first quarter 2010 financial review and analysis. Both documents were furnished today with our 8K and posted at the investor section of our website at www.investors.averydennison.com. We remind you that these results are preliminary as we've not yet filed our 10-Q. Our news release references GAAP operating margin which includes interest expense, restructuring and other charges included in the other expense line of our P&L. Also referenced are transition costs associated with acquisition integration. Restructuring charges and integration transition costs tend to be fairly disparate in amount, frequency and timing. In light of the nature of these items we'll focus our margin commentary on pretax results before their affect and before interest expenses. This detail is been schedule A2 to A5 of the financial statements accompanying today's earnings release. We also remind you that we'll make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations and future events that are subject to uncertainty. The Safe Harbor statement included in the documents that we provided today along with our 2008 Form 10-K address certain risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, Chairman, President and CEO, and Dan O'Bryant, Executive Vice President and CFO. I'll now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks Eric. The first quarter was an encouraging start to the year. Well, the results benefit from comparison with one of our toughest quarters. We saw meaningful increases in demand especially in raw materials, graphics and reflective products and retail information services. Our volumes are not all the way back to pre-recession levels, but we are pleased none the less. We saw a solid top line growth across all regions and we had double digit growth in all emerging markets. Gross profit margin was more than a point better than the fourth quarter and more than four points better year-over-year. The operating leverage from restructuring and other productivity initiatives enabled gross margins more than 250 basis points above 2008 levels on 5% lower sales. Operating margin before restructuring charges and other items improved 170 basis points from the fourth quarter in 2009. We did see raw material inflation accelerating. We did raise prices in the first quarter, but it wasn't enough to offset the inflation that we felt during the last two quarters. We've announced price increases going forward in many of our businesses, and while we do expect that we will cover the raw material increases there likely will be some lag. Turning to the businesses, the pressure sensitive segment delivered very strong margin growth. Raw materials momentum in the fourth quarter continued especially in emerging markets. Our end user marketing programs are creating a pipeline of new opportunities for decoration transfer which will enable above market growth as we continue to implement those programs. Graphics and reflective products benefited from restocking to accommodate a modest increase in promotional spending. This division is also launched two new products, a new cast film that has superior conformability and new reflective sheeting that makes signs more visible at night. Retail information services experienced increased demand and benefited from comparison with one of their most difficult quarters, the first quarter of last year when retailers dramatically accelerated inventory to stocking. What we see is apparel sales beginning to increase and while it's too early to call a pipeline refill because retailers are still watching their inventories closely. We are definitely seeing an uptick in buying since retailers are tacking to catch up with those sales increases. This year, we actually started strong and we are continuing to see solid demand right through the second quarter today. Office and consumer products were the exception to our margin story in the quarter. End demand for our products is still declining, but at a slower rate. As both of you know we have new competition in the labels category, and will spend some money to defend our strong brand position as well as continuing to increase our spending on innovation in new areas. I'm confident we will continue to be successful in our printable media business because we have excellent relationships with customers including an outstanding service record and recognized expertise in category management and the Avery brand has very strong consumer brand equity. In fact, it drives traffic to the stores and our customers understand us. We will be increasing our investment in demand creation including 3D and radio advertising which you will see later this year, and you will see us begin to launch several new products late this year, and early in 2011. The Europe IT business continues to develop well with demand up more than 50% from one year ago. There continues to be strong interest in item level marking in retail but we also see trying another application as well. Now Dan will go over the quarter in more detail.
Dan O'Bryant: Thanks Dean. I'm going to start with slide five if you have the handout that we provided. Sales in the first quarter were up organically about 7% contributing strongly to the improvement trend over the last third quarters. We experienced solid volume growth across all regions and almost every key business across the corporation. Emerging markets in particular continue to surge ahead with Asia leading the way growing nearly 30% in our materials businesses in China. Emerging markets represented over 35% of our total sales for the quarter. Operating margin also improved due to the continuing positive impact of restructuring and productivity initiatives. Margins were up sequentially as well. Volume, restructuring and productivity initiatives more than offset the net impact of raw material inflation and selling price changes. For the year, we expect inflation and pricing to be a headwin to margins, which I will discuss later in the outlook section. Sequentially MG&A was roughly flat although in dollars and as a percentage of sales it was up versus last year. In the first quarter of last year, we were in the throws of the economic decline running MG&A in severe austerity mode well below was healthy for the business. In the first quarter of 2010, variable costs associated with higher volumes along with the increase growth-related and infrastructure investments were partially offset by restructuring and productivity initiatives. Currency translation represented a $10 million increase versus prior year, and for reasons that Dean mentioned namely increased volume in the benefits of restructuring and productivity, gross margin for the company is up in the first quarter both year-over-year and sequentially. And looking ahead will and we will reiterate this in our outlook section. We both expect both gross margin and operating margins to come under pressure from raw material inflation in the coming months. As we discussed in January during our fourth quarter conference call, we began to see some inflation in the fourth quarter, and started raising prices in January. The phase of inflation is accelerating and we are in the midst of another round of price increases in most geographies, so our margins in the near term may come under some pressure. We expect our prices to cover the inflation once they are fully implemented. Our pressure sensitive material segment delivered double digit margins in the quarter with both volume and productivity actions contributing, emerging markets were strong again accelerating further off last quarter's positive numbers. Within the pressure sensitive segment, our graphics and reflective business delivered its highest revenue since the third quarter of 2008. We are seeing some restocking here, and we will need a few more months behind us before we declare trend. The margins in this business have improved dramatically due to the volume and cost reductions we've driven over the last years. In retail information services, the big margins story is the 440 basis point improvement over the last year's first quarter. This reflects over 45% in incremental operating margin year-over-year consistent with this segment high contribution margin. First quarter revenue comps in RIS benefited from increased demand due in part to significant inventory de stocking among apparel retailers that occurred in the first half of 2009. The inventory to sales ratio in apparel remains at long-term lows and even debt further in February as sales grew improved ahead of inventory restocking. There is evidenced that while the consumer hasn't come back in completely. Retail sales of apparel are up, which is great news for the sector and the second quarter is the best indicator of retailer sentiment, and we are hopeful the current trends indicate some inventory rebuild going on now and in coming months. The order pattern in Q1 was strong and as Dean said, this continued into April. Looking at office products, the decline in sales in the first quarter reflected weakened market demand and changes in customer programs. This was partially offset by lower inventory de-stocking in the first quarter of 2010, compared to that in the first quarter of last year. Office products operating margin declined in the quarter due to increased spending related to customer programs as well as higher investment in consumer promotions in marketing. Dean has covered the competitive dynamics in the segment, so I could just say that our margins will remain under pressure here while we invest and defend. In our other specially converting businesses, margin swung from negative to positive. It is there as evident of restocking, but it will take some time to see what the on growth going trajectory will look like. Now as you know the company's cash flow is seasonal, we generally use cash in the first half of the year, and generate all of our free cash flow in the second half. This year, it should be no exception particularly with the growth and volume we are experiencing early in the year. On slide 14 to slide 15, we provide a list of factors that we believe will contribute to Avery Dimension's 2010 financial results. Based on the factors listed and other assumptions, we expect reported revenue growth of 5% to 7% and adjusted earnings per share of $250 to $280 per share. We estimate free cash flow in 2010 to $300 million to $350 million. Comps obviously become more challenging as the year progresses, but we are pleased with the strong start to the year. Just as we did last quarter, we are listing what we currently believe to be some contributing factors to 2010s year-over-year changes at the P&L and free cash flow. The key factors on slide 14 that are in our April guidance assumptions that are different are what we said at January are as follows. At current rates, currency translation represents less than a 1% benefit to reported sales growth and neutral impact to EBIT. We now expect approximately 3% or $75 million in new inflation raw material cost partially offset with the benefit from our global sourcing strategies, material cost productivity and price increases. This is about double the inflation we expect at the coming end of the year, and we will incur additional expenses for the rest of the year focused on innovation and demand creation in our office product segment. These factors plus the others listed on slide 14get us to our 2010 EPS guidance of $250 to $280 per share. While we are not giving quarterly guidance, there are a couple of comments I could make about Q2. First in office products, back-to-school season is been shifting earlier in some years and later in others. We expect this year's back-to-school to occur later resulting in some sales shifting from the second quarter into the third. In the second quarter, inflation is outpacing our price increases as it has since the fourth quarter. This will keep some pressure on Q2 margins. And as mentioned free cash flow should again be strong at 2010, we are expecting to generate between $300 million and $350 million of free cash flow. Our primary focus for the use of free cash is to reduce debt. As you know, we completed the $250 million bond issuance this month and we will use the proceeds to pay down our term loan. If the economy cooperates, we would expect to be in a position later this year for the Board to consider an increase in the return of capital to the shareholders in the form of increased dividend, share repurchases or both. And before opening the call to questions, let me wrap up with one more comment. We are pleased with the trajectory of our businesses, and though the economy is moving in a positive direction, we are not yet back to 2008 levels. Never the less were sales still down more than 5% from the first quarter of 2008. We exceeded that quarter's pretax profits by over 13%. With all the actions we've taken over the last year, we've generated a new level of operating leverage and its continued investment for growth at the same time. And now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question is from the line of Ghansham Panjabi, Robert W. Baird. You may proceed.
Ghansham Panjabi  Robert W. Baird: Hi guys. How are you?
Dean Scarborough: All right. Hi Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi  Robert W. Baird: Was there a negative mix in the office products business on a year-over-year business, core sales were down 2%, but operating profit was down over to 20% and this is unpresumably a lower cost structure, so just trying to understand the disconnect between the two?
Dan O'Bryant: Yes. I don't think there is much of mix impact. Ghansham, we're investing money to in both innovation in the space on new product development. We are also spending some money to improve our marketing programs with customers, so that's really the major impact on the quarter.
Ghansham Panjabi  Robert W. Baird: Okay and then in terms of the competitive environment to the IRS business, there is I think one of the competitors in particular that seems to be targeting this business more aggressively, curious in whether its this impacted pricing?
Dan O'Bryant: I don't think so. Right now, we are in a situation where the order books are pretty full. I think not only for us, but across the whole industry my sense is that retailers are trying to catch up with that and as a result their focus is on getting products rather on reducing cost.
Ghansham Panjabi  Robert W. Baird: Okay, and then finally Dan you gave some perimeters on 2Q, but isn't that also true that RIS typically is stronger 2Q versus 1Q?
Dan O'Bryant: Yes. Absolutely, first quarter is the weakest quarter in this business seasonally and we are feeling the effect of the typical seasonal orders served right now.
Ghansham Panjabi  Robert W. Baird: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mr. George Staphos, Banc of America\Merrill Lynch. You may proceed.
George Staphos  Banc of America\Merrill Lynch: Thanks everyone. Good morning. First question I had when I -- as far as some of your comments along with the guidance commentary as to back of this PDF, what I'm wondering up which is that maybe inflation this year net, we have a pricing getting costlier about $0.20, $0.25 from what you would have otherwise earned. Would you provide any additional color or agree or disagree with that number?
Dan O'Bryant: Well, I think I'm not going to put a number on it. George, it's tough to predict exactly the rate of inflation and how fast you can get your prices up, but just as we had 7, the January call one of their concerns we had was if the economy was rebounding quickly that we would see an imbalance in supply and demand in some raw materials and that's exactly what we are starting to experience now. So, we will get the prices where we need to get them, but it's awfully hard as you know to match that quarter-for-quarter. We saw a little bit of that in the fourth quarter last year, and we managed to catch up somewhat in Q1 and the raise in prices now. So, fundamentally that is from my perspective they just drag on the year. I think even longer and it won't be a drag within a year's contact, it will be.
Dean Scarborough: I would add to it George. Then in the low end of the guidance range we gave versus the high end, the raw material inflationary impact in our ability to cover pricing early versus late is a key factor in moving us between the two ends of the guidance range.
Dan O'Bryant: I think the other thing George too, don't forget we are going to be spending some more money in office products as part of our offence is a good defense strategy in that sector, so that's a little bit more than we had anticipated in the beginning of the year as well.
George Staphos  Banc of America\Merrill Lynch: Okay. I appreciate that. Maybe as a follow-on to that. Within your inputs, are you seeing more pressure at this juncture from resins and related products or are you seeing it more from specially papers?
Dan O'Bryant: Well, it depends on the categories. Let me be specific. Right now acrylic monomers are pretty tight and while we -- it has not impacted our ability to shift, we've had to go out in the spot market and buy some product to insure supply which is obviously a little more expensive at this point. Pulp is also still high and then especially because I think after the earthquake in Chile, demand is up a little bit as well. There is a bit of tightness there as well as in the specialty paper category, especially for liner. We'll see how long that lasts but it's a little tight in a few categories. A lot of producers frankly cut way back last year when demand was down and now we're feeling the other side of that equation.
George Staphos  Banc of America\Merrill Lynch: Yes. Hopefully there should be some relief there given some things that we've seen but I'll leave my comments there. I guess the last question I have and I'll turn it over, specifically within Europe, what kind of trends have you seen with either RIS or pressure sensitive materials. Have you seen some improvement in volume from what you might have been seeing earlier in the quarter, year-on-year, how are trends progressed? Thank you.
Dan O'Bryant: Yes, Eastern Europe has actually been quite strong and I feel that has brought up the average. If you look at Europe as the average, actually the organic growth rate was similar to the U.S. But if you pull out Eastern Europe the number drops. I think from an RIS perspective, retailers in Europe are not seeing the increases in demand that U.S. retailers are. I still think they're a little bit lagging behind. The pressure sensitive business actually had a pretty good quarter in Europe in Q1. So I'm not sure what that says yet but my sense is we're still not at the same level of as robust a recovery as we see in North America.
George Staphos  Banc of America\Merrill Lynch: Hopefully it means RIS will pick up in six months right?
Dan O'Bryant: It'd be great if everything in Europe picked up in six months.
George Staphos  Banc of America\Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. You may proceed.
Silke Kueck  JPMorgan: Hi, this is Silke Kueck for Jeff. How are you?
Dean Scarborough: Hi Silke.
Silke Kueck  JPMorgan: A couple of questions. On the pressure sensitive materials side, where are you in terms of price increase. It seems that some price increases were announced earlier in the year and so could you just talk about like what has been announced and where are you trying to get to by year end?
Dan O'Bryant: We started raising price as you said in January. We have a little bit of negative pressure in some markets in the late stages of the third quarter in to the forth quarter. Obliviously the inflation has reversed that trend and we've started raising them in the first quarter. As the inflation has accelerated, we're accelerating additional price increases. So most regions of the world are seeing a second round happening as we speak that will roll out during the second quarter. I think all of the competition is feeling the same inflation and it seems that most players in the market are raising prices at the same time.
Silke Kueck  JPMorgan: Okay, and when it's all implemented, which may take until next year, should that lead to like 1% higher prices or 2% higher prices? It seems that (inaudible) you would need to offset a 3% raw material head.
Dan O'Bryant: Well that's right. We expect to fully cover that on a dollar basis but that's going to add a couple of points at least to the revenue line. It's not all of our businesses here that are experiencing inflation in the same way. So it will be higher in our materials factor obviously but lower in some other parts of the business that don't get hit with inflation.
Silke Kueck  JPMorgan: Okay, and in terms of volume growth, these are very nice results in the pressure sensitive materials business. Do those seem sustainable to you, given that maybe, I know that its hard to quantify were there seasonality in any quarters but normally it seems that the second and third quarters always do a little bit better than the first and the fourth. So are the current volume rates that we see sustainable going to the next quarters?
Dan O'Bryant: It's sort of a big question. I definitely think we saw some inventory rebuilding, restocking and certainly the comps were not easier than normal in the first quarter. We do see continued strength into April and I mentioned earlier in the call that we've been adding a lot of marketing capability to call on end user segments. So our pipeline of forward projects continues to grow. So I would characterize the market as having lots of activity and much of that activity has not yet translated into top line sales. So I'm definitely more optimistic than I was a few months ago.
Silke Kueck  JPMorgan: Okay, that's helpful. And is RIS, as you've mentioned a few times that normally the second quarter also seems to be a seasonally stronger quarter and so it seems activity on the RIS side looks also positive. Should we see the incrementally higher margin benefit in the second quarter versus the first?
Dan O'Bryant: Absolutely. Q2 was always RIS's strongest quarter. So the volumes will be higher and as a result the incremental margins are higher as well.
Silke Kueck  JPMorgan: What we should expect is that incrementally the operating margin should begin to -- should improve from the first or the second quarter meaningfully?
Dan O'Bryant: Yes and that's generally the case.
Silke Kueck  JPMorgan: Okay. And lastly on office products, how much of the negative organic growth was due to the competitor on the label side?
Dan O'Bryant: From a volume perspective, here is the way I kind of look at it. So we saw the impact of a little bit less de-stocking than we saw the prior year. POS trends are still negative. This is probably going to be the last to recover in an economy because its pretty much based on while collar employment. So a lot of it is just again investments that we have for new products, for innovation and more attractive consumer programs as we defend the category. So the good news I've heard lately that's more anecdotal is that the port of the business that hurt the most last years was the contracting commercial side of the business versus retail. They both were down but the contracting promotion was down a lot more. The comps looked a little more promising on the commercial side of the business these days. So I've got my fingers crossed but we'll see, hopefully a little recovery again than we anticipate. The big impact will be the impact of back to school in the second and third quarter. I think we're well positioned to have a decent back to school this year.
Silke Kueck  JPMorgan: And if I can ask a final question on -- can you discuss where you are in terms of cost savings. I remember the target was to go -- to get to a run rate of $180 million by mid 2010. So where we are at the end of the first quarter and is that still the target or is it higher?
Dan O'Bryant: No, the target is still $180 million. We've pulled that up over the last quarter or two. We're virtually finished with the program now. By the end of the second quarter it will be fully implemented and the run rate will be the full 180. We'll still have some cash that will trick a lot in coming months obviously but we delivered about $25 million in incremental savings over the fourth quarter because of these actions but we're nearing the end of the program we started in the fourth quarter of '08.
Silke Kueck  JPMorgan: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks very much. I'll get back into queue.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John McNulty, Credit Suisse. You may proceed.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: Yes, good afternoon. Just a couple of quick questions. With regard to the pressure sensitive markets, prior to the recession it looks like the industry had kind of finally found discipline and I was wondering, because that got a little bit cloudy through the recession but now that we're starting to come out, what are you seeing in terms of the competitive environment and how is the discipline holding up right now?
Dean Scarborough: I think that certainly a couple of our competitors were actually losing money or having negative operating margins for a few quarters after the round of inflation and then the recession hit. I sense, certainly a renewed focus on making money and I think that's a good thing. And we're going to continue to raise prices and then raw material inflation occurs. So I feel confident that customers want to continue to buy from us and we need to pass on those costs and I think folks understand that.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: Okay, great. With regard to the RIS business, you had indicated that your -- it looked like there was a little bit of restocking that was in inventory or there would be restocking coming and the inventories looked like they were relatively light throughout your customer channel and at the same time you indicated that the back to school season might be coming later than expected. The two don't exactly jar. So what gives you confidence that the back to school season does come later than expected and doesn't hit in the second quarter?
Dean Scarborough: Okay, so on the first one, obviously RIS is driven by apparel. The inventory to sales ratio for apparel dropped to its lowest level ever at least on our charts in a number of years in February. So at the same time I think March apparel sales would actually be down quite nicely. So I think we're starting to see some restocking. Frankly what we're seeing anecdotally is retailers giving us a forecast of that and then saying, when they actually order, saying, oh no, its X+15 or X+20 and so my sense is that in the U.S., for U.S. retailers and brand owners, there's a lot more confidence and so we're feeling pretty good about the trends. Lets say apparel is kind of one of those low cost luxuries and as consumers get a little more confident, buying that extra outfit isn't huge. Back to school is all about binders and dividers for us and so the two are necessarily linked. I have got to tell you, every other year it's the same. So one year it's early, the next year it's late. And we actually from a couple of customers who want their back to school season to run a little later and longer, that we just simply expect the orders to flow through a little more in the third quarter than the second quarter. However it's always tough to predict. They could change their mind in the next two weeks and we just don't know.
Dan O'Bryant: I think specific to your question, the restocking that Dean refers to is primarily going on in RIS and the apparel space. The delay in back to school is in the office space.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: Okay. That's helpful. I think I misunderstood it. I thought you were talking in the RIS segment as well.
Dan O'Bryant: Sorry, yeah. There is a back to school apparel season as well obviously in the fall season and that's basically what's happening right now and my sense there is that retailers again are chasing orders and that they need to get their inventory top up a little bit what they had before. When you add that to the positive demand that we're seeing, I think RIS will obviously have a better year than last year.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: Okay. That's definitely helpful. Thanks for clearing it up. Last question is just, in the office products area with regard to your investing in it and trying to defend I guess relative to some new competition in the space, how long do you think this plays out in terms of some of the incremental margin pressure you may be feeling. It seems like the competitor that's pushing into the market is pretty big and has some brand awareness as well. So how should we think about this playing out in terms of the margins over the -- say the next year or two?
Dean Scarborough: I think a year or two is about right. I think -- we've got a number of new application and product areas that we've been doing a lot of qualitative and quantitative research in and we'll be launching some new products at the end of this year but most of the activity on new products will likely really hit in 2011 and also we feel good in the test markets that we had versus our competitor in the States as we've done quite well. So I guess maybe the real answer is as long as it takes to defend the category, we're confident we'll be successful.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: Okay, great, thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Joe Naya from UBS. You may proceed.
Joe Naya  UBS: Hey, I had a question. I realize that this was just a broad scenario but looking back at -- you gave in your fourth quarter results, you were looking at a scenario with a 5% organic sales increase driving our $2.70 to $3 EPS number versus the $2.50 to $2.80 where are now. It seems though inflation is probably the biggest mover there but are there any other issues that we should be thinking about in terms of that chain?
Dan O'Bryant: The two factors, that are ones that we've talked about, inflation and our ability to catch up with that through pricing is the single biggest change. As I've mentioned we've seen twice as much inflation on its way to us as we had anticipated coming into the year and the other is the effort to grow and defend at the same time the office product spaces that's hitting margins a bit. So those are the reasons sales would be strong. We'll still have a good earnings growth but we're going to have some margin pressure.
Joe Naya  UBS: So you're planning to probably invest a little bit more now than you were back in your fourth quarter?
Dan O'Bryant: You bet.
Joe Naya  UBS: Okay. I apologize if I missed this but did you give the kind of the inflation impact in 1Q?
Dan O'Bryant: We weren't specific about it. No we haven't done that. We quantified what will hit us for the year and that hits us primarily through the first two and into the third quarter. We'll still have some inflation coming in the third quarter as well based on what our suppliers are indicating to us.
Dean Scarborough: We had some inflation in the fourth quarter we recall and so we caught up with some of that inflation in Q1 although we did see additional inflation in Q1 as well.
Joe Naya  UBS: Okay and then just in terms of your expectation for uses of cash. You mentioned potentially returning some cash to shareholders but could you just kind of refresh us on your priorities and if you have any expectations in terms of debt pay down as well?
Dan O'Bryant: Sure, while the first priority remains debt pay down, based on the cash flow forecast we've provided for the year, late in the year we'll achieve our debt targets and at that time start thinking about the dividends. So the board looks at the dividend every quarter. Our current discussions would indicate some willingness to start moving cash back to shareholders because we'll hit those debt targets late in the year. So we obliviously cut the dividend last year. We'd like to see the dividend start moving back up in the direction where we had pre-recession and that will be discussion. But we intend to look at share repurchases as well. We have another round, a final round of our converts that come due late this year and so there is a couple of million shares that we'll issue. We would like to not see those additional shares outstanding for very long but debt comes first.
Joe Naya  UBS: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Peter Ruschmeier from Barclays Capital. You may proceed.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: Thank you and good afternoon. A couple of questions. I was hoping you could help us better understand the improvement in the margins. You've mentioned 410 basis points PSM margin improvement year-over-year, I think with 250 basis points sequentially. How much of that margin improvement would you attribute to the 8% organic volume growth versus other factors?
Dan O'Bryant: It's about a third of the total that came from volume. We still were carrying year-on-year much of the benefit of price increases that we're happening a year ago that caught us up with the last round of inflation. So still as we came into the first quarter, the net of price and raw material was a positive year-on-year but about a third was volume and the rest was restructuring and productivity that we drove as the year went back.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: Okay, that's helpful. Shifting to the RFID opportunity, you mentioned increased item level marking interest. I'm curious if you can further elaborate on what you're seeing from customers, what types of applications, what types of customers, what types of geographies are you seeing the increased interest?
Dean Scarborough: We've seen it kind of across the board to be honest, both in industrial applications but certainly in retail for item level marking. There has been the highest level of interest we have ever experienced and we're definitely going to see a ramp up in the back half of the year as we implement a couple of key programs and I anticipate actually a sort of a higher scenario level. We may have to actually increase our capital budget a bit, internally, not externally at this point but invest in some capacity because I think we're close to a tipping point in item level marking for RFID and we'll see. We've been kind of there before but there is a lot more serious discussion about this technology from a lot of retailers.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: And Dean, what kind of investment is required from your customers? Are these large customers, small customers? Are these large capital investments to enable the technology? Can you elaborate on that?
Dean Scarborough: It's a expense on the retailer of course but its anywhere from $5,000 to $15,000 to $20,000 per store in terms of investment, in terms of the readers in the other devices required to read from a capital perspective. Of course it changes the consumables cost as well and you're taking a tag that costs $0.02 and your making it cost $0.10. So there is an investment there. But the business case is solid in terms of reduced inventory, increased sales from having products in stock and the balance between those two is actually what retailers are focused a lot on right now. So, it's happening.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: And not to cut this too finely, but do you think that your customers have already budgeted for these types of expenditures, or do you think they are just closer to the edge of pulling the trigger on allocating capital for all these kinds of expenditures?
Dan O'Bryant: Some had definitely allocated capital and are moving forward, and others are still in the decision phase, and I believe we will see some rollouts in the back half of this year, starting in the back half of this year; easy as they take a number of quarters to rollout especially if it's in large store chain and certainly in 2011, we will see some increased interest as well.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: Very helpful. Thanks very much.
Dan O'Bryant: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of George Staphos, Banc of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
George Staphos  Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I got a couple of follow-up questions. When we look at your performance over the years and math it against EVA per share, and I think you've seen this as well. It's a very strong correlation between the main economic profit that you generate and what it means to the stock price relative performance, and we've seen obviously recovery in both over the last year as you pull back on spending and generated more cash. Given the investments that you made in office products and some of the things you're hinting at with our RFID and maybe other areas, what kind of confidence should we have that you can continue to drive the economic profit higher from here or maybe should we expect given what you're looking at it right now maybe a plateauing until you reach another ramp later on the decade.
Dan O'Bryant: I think we've got the bars pretty low frankly right now George, so I feel very confident moving forward. Our businesses generate great free cash flow. We've used a lot of that free cash flow to invest in restructuring over the past few years. So, as well as that recently paying down debt. Now I believe we're going to get to a situation now where we won't need the cash for restructuring. We will use some of that cash to invest in organic growth and we still have plenty of cash to return to shareholders and keep our debt equity balance right on target. So it's low risk spending I guess as well I would put and more high quality spending in terms of the returns we get. We expect to get top line growth with good returns.
George Staphos  Banc of America Merrill Lynch: At this juncture we look at or should we still expect that RIS is the biggest driver of the improvement in returns from here where you know like this quarter is pressure sensitive material is still the horse that drives the train.
Dean Scarborough: Well, pressure sensitive materials is the core business of the company, and we are making some investments for growth in that business as well. I do expect it to continue to generate good, solid growth top line, bottom line and free cash flow. That's a great business, and with our investments in end use marketing now, we really are building an interesting and excellent pipeline of needs from a number of end use sectors. That being said, we promote relative basis, RIS is the most upside simply because of its current performance level, and what we believe this business can do. So, I also believe that RIS given it's got all, it's got the cost up, we are still going to continue to do that. We have growth opportunities on both the branded solution side, but as well as the information solution side especially if item level RFID takes off, this brings a whole new trajectory to that business.
George Staphos  Banc of America Merrill Lynch: With RIS, do we get to the types of margins that we could have calculated based on where the businesses were pre-recession, the restructuring that was done and so on, and $1.4 billion or $1.5 billion or do we really need to get back to like $1 billion of revenues within that segment?
Dean Scarborough: We need more rapid growth and we need some more productivity to get to the margin charges that we had, so it's not going to happen instantaneously for sure, but and I don't want to get into your formula but I still have a strong belief that this business, it will be an important contributor to economic profit for the corporation going forward.
George Staphos  Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I will turn it over. Thanks Dean.
Operator: Speakers, we've no further questions at this time. You may resume with your presentation or closing remarks.
Dan O'Bryant: Okay just to sum up. We are more confident certainly than January that an economic recovery will continue through the year although raw materials inflation will be a bit of the challenge with some short-term margin pressure. I want to emphasize short-term not long-term, and overtime we do expect our pricing to catch up with inflation. We talked about office products and the reason for stepping up investment there, and we are playing offence across the company and a number of our sectors to capitalize on opportunities for growth. We just talked about RIS, and I expect this business with a tight contribution margin to expand margin significantly as revenue growth, and our pressure sensitive in other businesses having free sub side end as end user marketing initiatives pay off and we get the full benefit of our restructuring program. Our actions will continue to increase sales, operating leverage and earnings power for the company. On behalf of all of us, thanks to everyone for joining and we look forward to speaking with you.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-01 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Eric M. Leeds  Head of Investor Relations Dean A. Scarborough  President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Daniel R. OBryant  Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Finance Mitchell R. Butier  Corporate Vice President Global Finance & Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts:
 : Ghansam Panjabi  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. John Roberts  Buckingham Research Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital Jeffery Zekauskas  JP Morgan [Joseph Niya  UBS] John McNulty  Credit Suisse [Temple Houston]  Prudential Investors
Operator:  Welcome to Avery Dennisons earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year ended January 2, 2010. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from one oclock pm Pacific Time today through Midnight Pacific Time February 3, 2010. To access the reply, please dial 1-800-633-8284 or 402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21438865. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Eric Leeds, Avery Dennisons Head of Investor Relations.
Eric M. Leeds: Our discussion today will reference the earnings release that we issued earlier along with the slide presentation titled fourth quarter 2009 financial review and analysis. Both documents were furnished today with our 8K and posted at the investor section of our website at www.Investors.AveryDennison.com. We remind you that these results are preliminary as we have not yet filed our 10K. Our news release references GAAP operating margin which includes interest expense, restructuring and other charges included in the other expense line of our P&L. Also referenced are transition costs associated with acquisition integration. Restructuring charges and integration transition costs tend to be fairly disparate in amount, frequency and timing. In light of the nature of these items well focus our margin commentary on pre-tax results before their affect and before interest expenses. This detail is in schedule A2 to A5 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release. We also remind you that well make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations and future events that are subject to uncertainty. The Safe Harbor statement included in the documents that we provided today along with our 2008 Form 10K address certain risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations.  On the call today are Dean Scarborough, President and CEO; Dan OBryant, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mitch Butier, Corporate Vice President Global Finance. Ill now turn the call over to Dean whos participating remotely.
Dean A. Scarborough : Well 2009 was really a tail of two halves, the first half of the year unprecedented with a steep drop in our revenues and very difficult earnings trajectory followed by a much improved second half of the year and Id like to just thank all of our employees for an exceptional performance in probably one of the most difficult economic environments we faced in a number of years. We ended the year with record free cash flow over $450 million. It enabled us to reduce debt by $300 million in the second half while still continuing to invest in new markets and emerging growth opportunities and we made great progress as to our end of 2000 debt reduction target of at least $350 million. Now, we had a major effort last year on reducing our fixed costs and Dan will go through some of the details on our restructuring program which is still undergoing and will likely conclude in the second quarter of this year. We made strong productivity gains and in fact operational working capital as a percentage of sales was at its best level in over four years. Our second half inventory turns were at their highest level in three years and we saw solid margin improvement in the second half over the first half over the first half with the first quarter gross margins 2.3 points higher than the fourth quarter of last year. It was really all about our ability to raise and maintain prices to reduce costs including both raw material and our fixed costs of operations.  Now, in the fourth quarter our operating margins were a bit lower than we expected really for two reasons, one was we lowered our inventories by a very aggressive amount which caused us to take some fixed cost charges on the P&L and then last year we were reversing bonus accruals because we were missing our targets for the year and because of the great achievement on free cash flow there is quite a difference in the year-over-year swing in bonus accruals.  Now, Ill talk a little bit about whats going on in the businesses. The pressure sensitive sector, great discipline on price and productivity all year, organic sales were up by 2% in the fourth quarter so weve lapped the declines finally and emerging markets really came back strong and specifically China was up more than 20% in the quarter and they continue to go really just gangbusters in the second half. In retail information services our fourth quarter sales decline was the lowest of the year. Youll recall that we really started to see a steep drop in the back half of 2008. Weve seen retailers now begin to maintain their unprecedented low inventories and so the inventories sales ratio which improved all year looks like it has reached the bottom. I really dont think it will be until the spring season till we see the opportunity for real large top line improvement. As youll recall that business is quite seasonal so we dont really start to see those results until very late in the first quarter and the second quarter and we continued to take fixed cost out of the business with our aggressive restructuring programs. Office product sales did decline. White collar unemployment is still pretty high and purchasing on the corporate side is still down and we had a bit of a fall off in the fourth quarter from a very strong back to school in the third. But, even in this tough environment we invested in some new marketing programs and new products which we launched in the fourth quarter and we took a little bit of market share during the quarter as well so were feeling more confident about that business. So, were well positioned as markets recover. We have the leading share in our core businesses, very strong operating leverage, really solid variable margins and were managing that price inflation gap and raw material costs out and focused, disciplined employees. Let me tell you what were thinking about 2010. I do expect a better year, I guess it would be hard not to and the major factor that will impact our results will still be strength and length of the recovery and frankly, our mindset is anticipating a moderate recovery as the impact of inventory destocking is over and were going to be reliant mainly on consumer demand. Its not clear to me that people will start to restock inventories very rapidly. But, well continue to strength our financial position and also step up our investment in growth especially in the areas of marketing where were adding capability to do end use marketing to accelerate the rate of decoration transfer, in roll materials and pressure sensitive. We see a lot of new growth opportunities in RFID. More people are looking at item level marking today than ever before and I really sense that retailers are interested in better control of inventories in the store as well as the ability to control labor costs. Then, I mentioned before weve invested in new products and accelerated our new product development process for our office products business. Now, Ill turn it over to Dan.
Daniel R. OBryant : Were not going to walk through the slides page-by-page this quarter and see if we can leave a little more room for Q and A but I will hit a few of the highlights across each of our business segments. First off, sales in the fourth quarter as you can see where down organically about 15 which was a continued improvement from the rate of the first three quarters and dont forget that the effect of having added a 53rd week in the year was to move the full holiday period in to the fourth quarter which reduced sales by an estimated 3%.  Taking that in to account the US and Europe are both improving but still operating below prior year. As Dean said Asia really surged ahead, we had the best growth year in China in several years. The operating margin declined a bit mostly due to higher MG&A expenses in the quarter which Ill walk you through it in a moment.  Gross profit margins remained well ahead of prior year with the continuing positive impact of restructuring and productivity as well as the positive impact of our year-on-year pricing and raw material results. But sequentially we saw some margin decline both fixed cost leverage contributed as well as segment mix. Margins were also impacted by the significant inventory reduction that we had in the fourth quarter and in addition office product sales in the fourth quarter were lower as a percentage of sales with our higher margins, that impacted us as well. The MG&A costs were higher in the quarter primarily due to two or three factors. One, the currency translation impacted the numbers by about $10 million and after a period of relative austerity associated with the decline in economy in the fourth quarter we increased investment in marketing and business development and we incurred higher employee costs including bonus accruals which Ill comment on a little bit further as we go. As we look at MG&A levels going forward, we project MG&A to be higher than it was in the third quarter but lower than in the fourth quarter because of a number of items that uniquely impacted the forest. This level of spending also provides for some room for us to make additional marketing expenses as the year goes by which Dean addressed. The bonus accruals changed from reversals last year which benefitted the fourth quarter 08 results to accruals in the fourth quarter of 09 and the 4Q 09 accruals impacted both the cost of goods sold and MG&A to the tune of about $25 million on a combined basis. The primary driver of the year-on-year exchange was the extremely strong cash flow results that we had which were very proud of it. Its been a year where we started the year going in to difficult economic circumstances and moved much of the focus of the organization and our bonus accruals towards the free cash flow objective and we achieved well beyond expectation there. We reduced debt by $300 million in the second half of the year. We managed to maintain good liquidity throughout the economic crisis, we protected our credit ratings and access to commercial paper which benefitted us throughout the year and kept our cost of debt down materially. Working capital contributed about $200 million. Im talking about operating working capital, that part which is managed by our divisions contributed about $200 million of free cash flow and 80% of that was productivity on the working capital line so were very pleased with what weve been able to do on the free cash flow.  Our current restructuring program will conclude on schedule at the end of the second quarter and weve expanded the program a bit to an annual run rate savings of $180 million by mid 2010. We achieved 75% of that run rate by the end of 2009 so the total cost of the program will now be approximately $160 million, about 70% of which are cash costs. 2009 free cash flow included about $70 million of the cash costs with this program and most of the balance will hit in 2010. Let me just give you a little bit of color on our business unit starting with pressure sensitive materials. Sales grew about 2% due to strength in the emerging markets. The rate of decline in most regions have improved but it is still in the negative territory. Asia was a big driver with China as I said at its best rate in several years north of the 20% mark and recovery in North America and Europe remains muted. Operating margin increased year-over-year due to the progress weve made on both productivity and pricing along with raw material costs and while we are maintaining most of the benefits of these factors were feeling some inflation now and were adjusting prices. Sequential margins are down to the employee costs that weve talked about and to the early signs of inflation hitting some of our roll materials. In retail information services, sales were off about 2% in the fourth quarter and while still negative that is the lowest decline that weve seen all year. Revenue lift in this business is key to the margin improvement that we anticipate. The business continues to take out fixed costs to streamline its operations and are launching new products and services as well so we continue to target double digit margins as retail markets begin to improve. In office and consumer products sales declined more significantly reflecting continued week end market demand led by slower corporate purchasing activity consistent with the white collar unemployment levels that we see. Weve seen some sequential improvement in the point of sale trends in the commercial segment here but its still really weak. The fourth quarter commercial point of sale was down 9% versus being down in the low to mid teens in each of the first three quarters of 2009.  Operating margin declined as we felt the impact of reduced fixed cost leverage and employee costs. Office product did a great job on the cash flow front end of the quarter as did most of our businesses. We also increased marketing and product development span and launched a few new products as Dean talked about in that part of the business.  Now, let me shift the focus to Slide 15, 16 and 17 which turns our discussion to 2010 outlook. On 15 weve already talked about the record free cash flow in 2009. The chart in the upper right corner of that slide shows the decline over the last couple of years in capital spending. We expect capital spending in 2010 of between $125 and $150 million which would still be relatively low compared to depreciation and amortization.  The lower chart shows the significant productivity weve delivered in operating working capital through 2010 and since the Paxar acquisition where you see the number peaking in the second quarter of 2007. On Slide 16 and 17 as we did last year were listing what we currently believe to be some of the contributing factors to 2010s year-on-year changes in the P&L and in free cash flow. Were again giving 2010 EPS and free cash flow scenarios pecked off a relatively wide range of revenue assumptions. Where appropriate well update the contributing factors in our 2010 quarterly reports. The key point that were trying to make on these slides is that its still difficult to predict revenue and as a result difficult to predict earnings but, we still expect that free cash flow will be very strong once again in 2010.  That wraps up my brief overview of the slides. We hope youve had a change to take a lot at the rest of that material and wed be happy now to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from George Staphos  Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Dan, I wanted to go back to Slide 16 and maybe start with more of a nitty gritty question, can you elaborate on the first bullet point how that should work in to our models for the course of the year both in terms of what youre saying for the first quarter and for all of 2010? Then I have a couple of follow ons.
Daniel R. OBryant : Its a technical detail but a relevant one particularly in the quarter. The 53rd week that we added was added way back in Q1 but it pushed the rest of the year forward obviously and that meant that this years Q4 had more impact from the holiday season than we normally would have expected. I think we cut last year off at the 26th of December or something and so we had that extra week so it is purely an estimate, it doesnt impact everything globally but it looks like to us it was a little over a 3% impact on sales and it had some negative impact on the margin in the fourth quarter as well. When we get in to the following year that comparison wont be relevant anymore to us because well be starting obviously the year fully engaged in January so this should be the final time we have to talk about that.
George Staphos  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Does it make for perhaps a sequentially, well sequential is not the right term, a year-on-year stronger comparison in the first quarter of 10 versus last year?
Dean A. Scarborough : The first quarter of 10 versus last year it will make it a little bit weaker on the top line because theres one less week of sales but it was a soft week that was lost but on the bottom line it would have a negligible impact.
George Staphos  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Some maybe broader questions, in office products obviously there are understandable reasons why the business has been up again down again but the performance that you saw in the fourth quarter does it suggest that maybe the business is taking a secular down shift that we need to be aware of was it purely in your view a cyclical phenomena related to white collar and corporate purchasing?
Daniel R. OBryant : Well George there are secular headwinds in the business that have been ongoing, first class mailing is a big application category for us and thats continuing. The major impact though is white collar employment and an inventory destocking. I think the inventory destocking is pretty much done so given where white collar unemployment is I think its going to take a while for us to see a change in that trajectory, I dont think its going to come back fast.
George Staphos  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So it sounds like the major change in the fourth quarter was the destock effect. Obviously, weve been going through white collar employment reductions for a while now, would that be a fair characterization?
Daniel R. OBryant : Heres the way I would look at it, destocking is probably not exactly the right term  So it sounds like the major change in the fourth quarter was the destock effect. Obviously, weve been going through white collar employment reductions for a while now, would that be a fair characterization?
Daniel R. OBryant : Heres the way I would look at it, destocking is probably not exactly the right term, a lot of times our customers at the end of the year to true up programs and inventories order a little bit more. I think last year we had a price increase going in so there was some early buying. There were none of those kind of factors this year and frankly, no one is buying early to get a bigger rebate or do any of those kinds of things. I think that has finally flushed out of the system so were looking at more normal demand levels. 
George Staphos  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Well presumably though that might help the first quarter at lease for the office products business if you dont have the same level of borrowing from the future period to the current period to get the rebate, would that be fair?
Daniel R. OBryant : Yes, that should.
George Staphos  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: The last question and Ill turn it over, obviously youre coming off the bottom you saw progress in the second half of 2009 obviously demand is not where you would ultimately like it to be. I guess the question is at this juncture why begin to loosen the reins on spending and invest in growth when its not clear at least from your comments when the growth is going to ultimately come back? I mean it would be one answer I guess if youre earning $3 a share but given where you are right now might it not be a good idea to keep the reins tight? Thanks guys Ill come back.
Dean A. Scarborough : George, its a good question. We continue to fund a number of our investment programs during the year, Japan, RFID, some new developmental materials in our pressure sensitive materials businesses and then in office products where were going to launch some new products because we feel we have some real opportunities there. Were not going to go crazy here, were going to invest prudently and frankly, were still focused on the productivity to enable us to pay that. I think most of the new spending and marketing is simply a shift in resources and some of it is investment in new people and new marketing folks in some of our geographies and in some new verticals.  Frankly, I think its prudent for us to do that and as the economy begins to recover it will give us more acceleration as we come out of it. But, were going to balance this the right way and continue to make the right decisions both in the short term and in the long term.
George Staphos  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess just the point I would make and the return required and the investment now that youre making is a lot higher than presumably it would be down the road. I hope youll get a good return on it. Ill turn it over.
Dean A. Scarborough : George, let me just add to that the number does on a reported basis spike up quite a bit in the quarter and looking down at the components some of it is currency, about $10 million of that, its up $40 million from the run rate of the first half of the year, a big chunk of that is currency. The fourth quarter had someone offs in it, the bonus accruals that we talked about $15 to $20 of that hit the SG&A line. We also had an unusual quarter in a couple of other areas. We did a fair amount of tax work this quarter which is going to have a lot of benefit on our tax rate going forward as we repatriate cash and so on. So it was high, were sensitive to the fact that it was high. I dont think its going to stay that high it will come back down a bit but the key part of this that will continue are some of those investments that Dean talked about, that part wont go away. I think were going to be somewhere between the $325 number and $335 or $334 on an ongoing basis rather than the number we had in the fourth. I hope that helps.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ghansam Panjabi  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Ghansam Panjabi  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Just based on the strength and your fresh cash flow and your comments on inventory, it sounds like you might have run the quarter for cash maybe a bit more so than normal. Can you confirm that in fact was the case and is there a way to quantify the impact on EPS?
Dean A. Scarborough : I think weve quantified kind of the major impacts. One of it was the change in the bonus because we did as you recall the beginning of last year we changed our incentive programs to emphasis free cash flow, not totally but the teams did a really good job because of that and Im glad they did. I think this level is sustainable and its the result of literally hundreds of projects in factory and plants and businesses all over the world and I think people definitely overachieved their targets. So that was a big impact and the fact that inventory did fall again, it caused us our fixed charge compliment to hit the P&L as well. Its not something we had anticipated.
Ghansam Panjabi  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Just given the raw material costs environment can you just update us on pricing across your businesses?
Dean A. Scarborough : We announced in the pressure sensitive materials business we announced price increases in the fourth quarter for 2010. Today, we announced a price increase for our roll materials business in the United States, in the Americas actually and also looking at a couple of other businesses are reviewing the options right now. So we definitely see an uptick in raw materials cost which is not surprising so were going to get out there and raise prices.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Roberts  Buckingham Research.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: When the dividend was reduced earlier this year I thought one of the primary reasons given was that in the event of no recovery in 2010 you were facing maybe having to finance a pension contribution in 2011. Have you had a chance to refine that now that were maybe getting 12 months away from it?
Daniel R. OBryant : Well, we did accelerate the pension contribution that would have been due in the US in 2010 in to 09 so we made a $25 million contribution last year that was not required. I think this year were going to do something similar and between the US and foreign markets theres probably about $50 million that will go in. Weve seen an improvement obviously in the pension assets but weve also seen a reduction in the discount rate so our obligations havent changed materially and in 2011 we will still see the cost of our US pensions in particular rising.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: I thought it was north of $100 million in 2011?
Daniel R. OBryant : Its not that high. Its a couple hundred million spread over the years between now and 2013, $200 to $300 million. So the pension cost now might be in the $25 million range for US pensions can ramp up in to the $70 or $80 million range per year. 
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: You indicated you took some market share in office products. Where would that have been in the office products mix and why would that happen?
Dean A. Scarborough : Basically I would say mainly it came at the expense of private label most of it. But, as we look at the number customers are paying for value and our product provides great value. Some of our direct customers frankly have decided in some categories that private label just didnt make as much sense so theyve simply devoted a little more shelf space to some of our branded products.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Private label provides pretty good value doesnt it?
Dean A. Scarborough : Its all in the eye of the beholder.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Is it a shift upwards to a higher price point that is going on? It just seems a little inconsistent with the marketplace.
Dean A. Scarborough : Facts are facts and we took a little bit of market share and I think there just wasnt enough traffic on some of the private label products because customers werent buying enough.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: A couple of questions, just to clarify perhaps Dean if you could the fixed cost absorption that occurred related to the inventory piece, how much was that piece that you incurred?
Dean A. Scarborough : It was about $7 million year-over-year impact.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: On your price hikes you mentioned it went out today, can you quantify what the price hikes are and can you elaborate on how confident you feel on those prices increases helping to offset whatever kind of cost squeeze you might be facing?
Dean A. Scarborough : To be honest, I cant remember the exact price range. I think its in the mid single digit range. Im pretty confident, a couple of other competitors have already announced in the same space. Customers are not happy but theyre also not surprised.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: On the raw material cost side broadly speaking do you feel confident these prices can more than offset any price pressures youre facing?
Dean A. Scarborough : Yes, thats the goal. We dont want to lose margin. There is sometimes a bit of a gap in terms of how quickly we can get our prices up versus how fast raw materials go up. Its interesting, if the economy really does heat up I would expect that gap to be a little tougher. I think if we had 5%, 6%, 7% growth rates in that scenario raw material costs would start to accelerate pretty rapidly so it could be a little bit of a damper on us as we move forward.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: Maybe just a quick one for Dan if I could; terrific working capital performance, Im curious as you look to 2010 youve provided some guidance for free cash flow what have you incorporated in your thinking in terms of whether working capital is a use or source of cash?
Daniel R. OBryant : I think our first objective is to sustain the significant improvement we got this year. Fortunately, its not all a Q4 event, through the year we saw improvements in inventory and other areas so I feel good about the way its been implemented. Our objective will be to sustain it, I dont anticipate another big slug of productivity on the working capital line next year. Having said that, if we do hit the higher end of the sales line the kinds of numbers it might reabsorb would be in the tens of millions of dollars. I dont anticipate anything that would take us back where we were. I think it is primarily, predominately sustainable productivity.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeffery Zekauskas  JP Morgan. 
Jeffery Zekauskas  JP Morgan: In the talk about bonus accruals as I understood it you said that they were up, I dont know $25 million or so year-over-year. What were they up sequentially?
Daniel R. OBryant : It wasnt nearly that, probably about a third of that number sequentially. 
Jeffery Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Im a little puzzled as to the magnitude of the cost reduction in that your SG&A expense sequentially went up about $18 million and your cost of goods sold was basically flat and your revenues were down a little bit. So, if some of the SG&A inflation has to do with the bonus accruals, wheres the net cost savings and how do you measure it versus the third quarter?
Daniel R. OBryant : Well specifically in the G&A area there was some productivity, it was a few million but it wasnt a huge jump sequentially quarter-to-quarter. There were currency impacts, some of the discretionary spending that Dean talked about was incurred sequentially not just year-on-year, that was a few million again. 
Dean A. Scarborough : Theres a mix impact too Jeff. The businesses that have the highest margin had the softest sales in the quarter relative to Q3. 
Jeffery Zekauskas  JP Morgan: In terms of working capital improvement, at least by my calculations from your previous quarter press release it looks like your receivables went down $90 million and your payables went up $40 and those seemed to be the largest changes that boosted free cash flow. How did the receivables come down so much? Were incentives offered to the people that had to pay them or how did you do that?
Dean A. Scarborough : We didnt have any incentive specifically around receivables but we did on cash flow so a number our businesses had initiatives for the year to improve it. Particularly in Asia, we did a great job over there collecting in a difficult environment. I take my hat off to the folks that are in that end of things, they did a good job. Our losses in a tough economy have been extremely low and they did a good job of managing through this.  There s a seasonality factor to some extent here or perhaps a better set of timing factor because last year we ended the year on late December, this year we ended the year early January so some of what I said about sustainability of working capital is related to that timing. We did get some collections the last couple of days the fiscal year that were right in early January. It wasnt a big number, I think most of this was driven by several days improvement in our DSO.
Jeffery Zekauskas  JP Morgan: In your slides you say that you are going push your cost down net by about $70 million year-over-year. So youre SG&A is around 12.69 so if that grew 3% thats about $38 million so half of $70 is $35 so is the goal to keep your SG&A expense flat year-over-year next year?
Daniel R. OBryant : No, because the first half of 09 where we ran about $300 million a quarter was really below any kind of a sustainable level. We stopped traveling, we did things that you just cant do for very long. We did it at the time we needed it, it helped the cash flow. But, I think next year were going to have a normalized rate thats in that $330ish kind of range. It gives us some room for growth investments on top of what were doing and if the economy is really soft well be able to pull down from that number as well but I think more sustainably with the initiatives that we now need to throw a little fuel on the fire for its more likely well be in that $330 range give or take.
Jeffery Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Last question, the margin change in office products was pretty remarkable. Do you see that as an eccentric value? How do you think about the general level of office products going forward?
Dean A. Scarborough : Well, I think they are going to be a little bit lower than they have traditionally. We still have really good productivity from that business. When you look year-over-year our sales were down quite a bit and were going to invest incrementally some more money on marketing dollars to try and grow the top line so thats going to cost us a few margin points for the next 18 months or so until we can sure up and start to get some growth in the business.
Daniel R. OBryant : Let me add to Jeff that single biggest factor in the quarter, that sequential drop in the margin was volume related. Some of that is seasonal and then we talked about a strong Q3 going in to Q4, we were down 16% in sales sequentially. So most of what happened here was volume related and the volumes have been picking up relative to prior year but theyre still pretty negative. We need to see the consumer come back just a little bit there and hopefully see some inventory build.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Joseph Niya  UBS].
[Joseph Niya  UBS]: I was wondering if you could quantify kind of to the extent you saw inflation creeping in the fourth quarter, what kind of magnitude did you see?
Daniel R. OBryant : Im not going to get too particular here because were in the middle of raising prices in a number of places and any comment I make will be so generalized it may conflict with some of what were saying to specific customers in specific units that dont look like the average. But, having said that the raw material impact in the fourth quarter was in the 50 to 70 basis point range on the margin but it is building. There are a lot of announcements and price increases that were in the process of being given by our suppliers that arent yet in the fourth quarter it was just the beginning of a wave.
[Joseph Niya  UBS]: Just kind of taking a step back, you touched on this earlier, what kind of sentiment are you picking up from your customers? Are you seeing any kind of change or improvement in their outlook? What kind of feedback are you getting there?
Dean A. Scarborough : Well, it depends on the customer of course. When you talk to customers in emerging markets they are all pretty happy, especially in Asia. Things are looking pretty rosy there so its pretty much fantastic. I think in the retail sector I see more optimism. Most retailers improved their gross margins this year in the apparel section mainly because they kept their inventories down and therefore they didnt have to mark down product as much. They did see a little better Christmas season than they had expected so definitely more optimism there. The key question is how much inventory are they going to put in to the system next year and at least I dont anticipate any more destocking in that sector so I would say they are cautiously optimistic. In the pressure sensitive business its kind of a mix bag, we still have a number of businesses in that sector that are economy related. In our graphics business its more related to promotional activities and corporate rebranding activities, not a lot of activity there yet in terms of selling although theres talking. I think in pressure sensitive theres kind of cautious optimism in the roll business.  I think I said this at the end of the last call, when I was at the Label Expo Show in Brussels I was surprised how optimistic the label converters were there. We recently had a meeting with some of our North American customers and they were Id say moderately optimistic so not as enthusiastic as people in other parts of the world.
[Joseph Niya  UBS]: Then just on China, clearly thats been a real nice positive for you guys. Theres been some concern around the government kind of stepping back and pulling away some of the stimulus there. Have you seen or heard anything that gives you any pause?
Dean A. Scarborough : Well again, in the pressure sensitive business our business there tends to be driven more by domestic demand with arising middle class. I think even in our worst quarter in that business last year, or I cant remember when it was now we had one quarter or two that were flat growth and then it rebounded pretty quickly to double digit. So, I dont really anticipate a whole lot. The export business is still good going out of China and I anticipate that will be better certainly than last year. You just never know though, the government over there needs to employee people so I think they will probably leave more to a stimulus and be cautious about ramping back too quickly.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John McNulty  Credit Suisse.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: In the pressure sensitive market, can you give us some clarity as to what may be going on in terms of the competitive environment and if the industry as a whole seems to be disciplined right now with pricing now that raws are starting to go up or if there is still a little bit of slippage and how we should think about that going forward?
Dean A. Scarborough : John, I think last year it seemed to me that most of the companies in the industry were trying to improve their margins and that I think has been the most important thing. I sense that going forward as well especially for a lot of the smaller competitors. They probably dont have as easy access to credit market as we do or [UBM Rafeltak] does. I think their sources of capital were saying, You guys need to make some money and protect your margins. I anticipate this environment continuing on to be honest. It seems to me when raw material prices go up now everybody is implementing price increases.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: Then a question on your guidance, I understand it is tough in this kind of economic environment to nail down exactly what sales growth or volume growth is going to look like but the two ranges you put out one of them included an organic sales scenario where you saw flat sales. Considering that you saw huge inventory destocking at the customer level in 2009 what possible scenario could get you to have a flat organic sales line for 2010? Or, is there a business that may have broken throughout the recession where we should just be thinking about it differently going forward?
Dean A. Scarborough : I dont think you should take that as were concerned about at flat year or trying to project anything in that. Its just a different discipline were employing basically at the bequest of the board to bracket out our scenario planning so that we have levers to pull in case something really bad happens or things get a lot more positive. I think its just more of a planning exercise and scenario. Frankly, lets face it its a bell curve. I think zero is pretty improbable, the only way that could happen is if we went in to some kind of major economic crisis or double dip recession and I dont anticipate that happening today. On the other hand, theres not a 0% probability that would happen either.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: With that said and knowing that there is a lot of variables out there, what is your best stab at what you think your organic sales could be in 2010? Not nailing you down to a specific number but  
Dean A. Scarborough : Lets face it, the first half of the year is going to look great because the comps will be incredibly easy but the real question in my mind is whats the back half of the year look like? Is this economy going to be sustainable, there has been a lot of government stimulus in a number of economies, will that continue? Will the feds start to tighten up in the back half of the year and will that cramp demand? And, if they dont will we see rapid inflation? There are a lot of factors and variables that I say are impacting us and basically my attitude is look lets plan on a moderate recovery and if things dont go the way that we plan, we know what levers we have to pull and we will do it immediately.
Daniel R. OBryant : John, I hope what you take away from this was the intent to not try and target anybody in. If we had used three to five I think everybody would have assumed the three was guidance and were trying not to do that. The economy is going to be a real swing factor on revenue this year and either the low end or the high end of that range implies some impact of the economy beyond whats within our control. But, the focus here though and the reason we use the scenario planning for the board is to demonstrate that free cash flow is going to be solid either way and we dont have any liquidity issues or anything like that, well be able to support all of the growth initiatives and other things. Free cash flow ought to be the focus coming out of that.
Dean A. Scarborough : We certainly dont anticipate a meltdown in one of our businesses so theres no signaling implied there.
Operator:  Your next question comes from George Staphos  Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos  Bank of America Merrill Lynch :  Just a last question again on the level of investment spending, would it be fair just using your comments and what youre suggesting SG&A can look like, M&G can look like for next year, that the level of reinvestment in things like marketing and admin behind the businesses is around $30 to $40 million? And, if thats a fair assumption how would you generally parse that across your segments?
Daniel R. OBryant : In total thats about right George. The greater part of that growth related spending, there is some infrastructure spending. The infrastructure part is primarily related weighted in to two places RIFs where we continue to pull these businesses that are spread around the world from a systems perspective so a good part of our capital spend for the year, not a majority or anything but a significant of the capital spend is supporting IRS and some of that is their systems. The roll materials has also had a capital project going on and their systems frontend that will wrap up during the next 12 months or so. Most of what is infrastructural is related to the level of IT spend going on and those projects. Some of it is pension, weve got a fairly good slug of pension increase going on year-on-year thats relevant as well. But, half to two thirds of this is related to growth initiatives and some of the new platforms coming out of a couple of our businesses. Some of that is in the roll businesses, they have got a couple of areas of growth that Dean spoke about, office products is doing some so it is spread around but a lot of it is related to the infrastructural part, to IT initiatives. 
George Staphos  Bank of America Merrill Lynch : But that infrastructure part wouldnt necessarily be showing up in MG&A would it? It would be obviously in your cap ex and IT spend or is that incorrect?
Dean A. Scarborough : Some of it is but there is still ongoing expense that happens basically on the SG&A line when you put some new systems in.
George Staphos  Bank of America Merrill Lynch : How much are you actually putting in to office products? I realize its not your biggest segment, I dont want to belabor it but just out of curiosity?
Dean A. Scarborough : The incremental investment is in the mid single digits million Id say on an annual basis but the amount of spend for marketing initiatives is actually higher because what weve done is actually figure out a way to repurchase other costs in the business, not eliminating them but just shifting them to more growth activities.
George Staphos  Bank of America Merrill Lynch : Last question and youve answered similar questions over the course of the call but I guess one question I would have is how did your end of the quarter progress? Did you see December continue to trend higher versus earlier months in the year? Did you see a slowdown as the year wound down? What kind of trends are you seeing early in the year and in particular if youd focus mostly your answer on the pressure sensitive business and RIS business in the US and in Europe? I realize RIS is more Asia.
Dean A. Scarborough : RIS actually kind of sailed right through the quarter. I would say continually strengthening through the quarter. Pressure sensitive slowed down at the end of the year but thats normal so I didnt sense any unusual trends there. I think those were probably the two major momentum factors. The other thing that is a little more complicated is that our last two weeks of the year were both holiday weeks which is a little unusual. So all-in-all everything was a little week ending the year but we expected that.
George Staphos  Bank of America Merrill Lynch : And January has started out reasonably in line with your expectation?
Dean A. Scarborough : Yes, especially considering how bad January was last year so the comps are incredibly easy.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Temple Houston]  Prudential Investors.
[Temple Houston]  Prudential Investors: You have done a good job, I guess you paid down $300 million of debt and I think your original target was to pay down $350 by the end of 2010 so I wondered if that implied that youre only going to pay down an additional $50 million this year or maybe youre going to pay down a little more than $350?
Daniel R. OBryant : I think what you should take from that is that goal is out the window. Well be establishing a new goal with free cash flow in the $300 to $350 range next year we would expect to pay down again, a substantial amount of debt and be approaching our debt targets late in the year, late third or fourth quarter. We generate all our free cash flow in the second half of the year because of seasonal factors so we expect to hit our targets late in next year and we are well on course to do so. We really superseded the previous objective.
[Temple Houston]  Prudential Investors: Could you just remind me what those targets are?
Daniel R. OBryant : Well, we havent set any targets specifically but our overall objective is to get our credit rating back where it was. We were downgraded about a year ago and it is important for us to keep access to commercial paper markets which we have today so wed like to see the rating go back up. I think we can hit ratios that the agencies look at late in 2010 and be able to sustain that level and have free cash flow beyond debt repayment at that time for other purposes, particularly returning money to shareholders.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital:  Just a follow up, I was curious if you could help us to better understand the impact of capital spending from your customers coming down in the last 12 months and how thats impacted you? Then obviously on the flip side to the extent that youre talking to your customers who are indicating plans to increase their cap ex to facilitate more demand for some of your PSM and retail RIS products?
Dean A. Scarborough : Im not sure I completely understand the question. I think most in the pressure sensitive area again, I sensed a pick up, and I dont have any data here but I did sense a pickup in terms of the amount of activity with the printing press manufacturers that our customers buy. This is more anecdotal than anything else but in talking to a few of those executives in our industry, they seem to be more optimistic. But that being said of course, the first half of the year was an absolute disaster so from a comparative basis it is a little better. Still healthy investment levels in emerging markets though with press capacity being added there. RIS of course is not really a factor, the apparel industry is not a capital intensive business so they can kind of turn on and off, sewing machines arent very expense, they can kind of turn things on and off at will.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital:   So not to put words in your mouth but it sounds like maybe it is from your perspective less relevant whether or not they are placing more orders for printing press as to whether that is really impacting your business directly?
Dean A. Scarborough : Its hard to do and heres why, theres been a lot of investment in digital technology, especially in the printing industry because its more productive in running short runs and [inaudible] capability and so some customers, including ourselves, I mean we run a lot more of our RIS business across our digital presses than we have some of our older offset presses and our volumes are still down were just able to still process those lines at a different productivity level. Its a proxy for business confidence but not necessarily a proxy for increased demand short term.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: Just some quick housekeeping items, I think you indicated that the cash cost related to the restructuring I believe you said was about 70% of the $160 million so about $110 million and I think that you said $70 million was incurred in 09? Do I have those numbers right? Maybe you have maybe another $40 million of cash cost left to be spent in 10 from the restructuring youve done to date?
Daniel R. OBryant : I think cash charges in total youre right, approximately $110 million. What we took in 09 was about $87 million. 
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: Then just lastly, Dan the non-cash pension expense that hits your income statement I believe is around $36 million in 09, can you confirm thats the right number? And then, whats that non-cash pension expense expected to be in 10?
Daniel R. OBryant : Were expecting the expense to go up $10 or $12 million next year. I think we talked about the cash before but the non-cash part just the accounting charge up about $10 to $12 million.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeffery Zekauskas  JP Morgan.
Jeffery Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Just two last things, in other specialty converting in the third quarter you made $6 million and in the fourth you lost $5 million so you had an $11 million change and your revenues I think were down at about $11 million. Can you talk about what happened with that business?
Daniel R. OBryant : The numbers are relatively small in the business units and can move around a bit. There were a couple of unusual charges in the fourth quarter that hurt earnings. The revenue was down sequentially about 8% of this business so again I guess the biggest factor was fixed cost leverage and there were some mix issues so there was about half of it was unusual things that dont repeat, the other half was either mix or fixed cost leverage on lower volumes. 
Jeffery Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Then lastly, in pressure sensitive materials, basically your revenues were flat sequentially but your operating income went down $20 million. I guess some of that was bonus accruals and some of that was raw materials. Is that all of it or some of it? And, how are you doing in reducing costs in that business?
Dean A. Scarborough : Jeff theres some mix too. I think some of the businesses that have higher margins were a little softer in the quarter than in the third quarter. I think our cost reduction, I mean the gross margin improvement year-over-year especially if you look the first half to the second half has been phenomenal actually. Our gross margins in that business is as high as theyve been in the last three to four years.  We finally recovered all that raw material inflation that we lag. Weve taken a lot of fixed cost out of supply chain and so I actually think its in pretty good shape right now. So a little volume will go a long way in terms of driving good returns on that business.
Daniel R. OBryant : I think too Jeff although the reported numbers were flat organically it was down a little bit more than that probably more like 3% instead of the -1% sequentially so you get some leverage issues, bonus accruals. We talked about raw material inflation being around 70 basis points of the margin compression and mix so it was a variety of things, nothing real specific other than the bonus which was  you know their half of the company they generated the vast majority of that extra cash.
Jeffery Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Then I guess lastly, youve seen roughly a months worth the new quarter, so how are we tracking versus the first quarter of 09 in your various businesses?
Dean A. Scarborough : I am so reluctant to forecast the year even the quarter based on three weeks of data. I would say its slightly stronger than  you take out the holiday weeks that we had so its a little bit stronger than what we saw existing the fourth quarter but to be honest I never get confident until late. A lot of companies still have close downs at the end of the year and they reduce their inventories and the first month or six weeks a lot of time it just kind of recovering from that. I just dont know what the steady state environment is going to look like.
Operator:  Mr. Scarborough there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with you presentation or closing remarks.
Dean A. Scarborough : Thank you very much for attending the call today. I just want to close by recognizing our employees. They did a fantastic job managing to the key objectives this year especially with free cash flow. Weve got our costs down, our variable margins up and were starting to turn our attention towards growth. Were going to keep a disciplined eye on our investment levels. We are going to invest some more because it makes sense. Weve got strong market shares in all of our key businesses and look forward to talking to you all again at the end of the first quarter.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude he conference call today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Have a great day everybody.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-27 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric M. Leeds - Investor Relations Dean A. Scarborough - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Daniel R. O'Bryant - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President - Finance
Analysts: George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch  Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird  Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities John Robert - Buckingham Research  John P. McNulty - Credit Suisse  Joseph A. Naya - UBS  Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital  Steven Chick - FBR 
Operator: Welcome to Avery Dennisons earnings conference call for the third quarter ended October 3, 2009. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. Please go right ahead, Sir. 
Eric M. Leeds: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Our discussion today will reference the earnings release that we issued earlier, along with the slide presentation titled third quarter 2009 financial review and analysis. Both documents were furnished today with our 8K and posted at the investor section of our website at www.investors.averydennison.com. We remind you that these results are preliminary as we have not yet filed our 10Q.  Our news release references GAAP operating margin, which includes interest expense, restructuring and other charges included in the other expense line of our P&L. Also referenced are transition costs associated with acquisition integrations. Restructuring charges and integration transition costs tend to be fairly disparate in amount, frequency, and timing. In light of the nature of these items, we will focus our margin commentary on pre-tax results before their effect and before interest expense. This detail is in schedules A2 to A5 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release. We also remind you that we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to uncertainty. The Safe Harbor statement included in the documents that we provided today, along with our 2008 form 10-K, address certain risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, President and CEO; Dan OBryant, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mitch Butier, Corporate Vice President of Global Finance. Ill now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Eric and thanks to all of you for joining us today. In the third quarter we delivered a solid performance in the face of continued tough economic conditions demonstrating the strength of our franchise businesses and the effectiveness of or operating model.  Demand in all of our end markets remained soft and volumes and sales in all segments declined over the prior year quarter. Even so, we expanded our operating margin and held net income virtually flat compared with last year.  Organic net sales were down 6% compared with mid-teens declines in the first and the second quarter. We attributed this slower rate of volume decline to the fact that inventory levels in many markets appear to be stabilizing and while we did see some increases in demand in some emerging markets, its too early to declare a robust recovery.  Given the volume headwinds, I am pleased with the operating performance of our businesses. The 300 basis point increase in gross margin over last year to 28.1% suggests that we maintained our competitive advantages in all of our core businesses.  Our businesses demonstrated some real operating excellence as well. We more than offset the impact of lower volumes with restructuring and productivity improvements and we expanded operating margin to 7.3%. We increased our variable margins, generated free cash flow at about the same level as last year, made solid progress on debt reduction, and significantly improved working capital while at the same time we invested in new products and processes for a long-term growth.  I should note that pricing and inflation trends also contributed to the operating margin improvement. As you know, our pricing was lagging inflation throughout 2008. Weve closed that gap and we intend to keep prices in line with future inflationary pressures.  Our pressure sensitive businesses made solid progress in the quarter. Emerging markets are growing again as economic recovery takes hold. The declines in the U.S. and Europe are moderating as destocking moderates as well. Margins improved nicely as our productivity actions offset volume declines and we closed the gap between pricing and raw material inflation.  I attended the label expo show in Brussels last month. Customers were definitely more bullish than last year but still a bit conservative in their outlook going forward.  Our retail information services markets continue to be plagued with a massive inventory destocking occurring in our core markets. We did see some nice growth with new products in packaging and heat transfer product lines, and I didnt expect to see major progress in Q3 since it is a seasonally soft quarter for RIF. We had more cost outs still going on in this business and variable margins continue to be high, so when the inventory situation stabilizes, we will be able to better demonstrate the earnings power of this business.  Office products did well in a lackluster back-to-school season for most companies in our industry. But POS for our core non-seasonal products remains negative and is likely to continue as white collar unemployment remains high. We did launch a new line of notepads and tab products that have received positive early reviews from customers.  And our specialty converting businesses had a recovery from a very tough first half and although sales volumes are still down year over year, the rate of decline was half that of the second quarter.  Our employees had done a tremendous job keeping focused and delivering in difficult uncertain times. I want to thank them for delivering better quality and service to our customers while improving our internal operations at the same time.  And now Ill turn it over to Dan who will take you through the quarter in more detail. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Thanks, Dean. Lets start with a summary of the preliminary results for the third quarter on slides five and six of the handout. Starting on slide five on an organic basis in the third quarter, sales declined about 6% with the decline attributable to lower volume. Throughout my comments, all references to organic sales include results before the impact of acquisitions, foreign currency translation, and the extra week in our 2009 fiscal calendar.  Reported sales for the third quarter of 2009 were down 10% and currency translation reduced reported sales growth by 4%. As Dean mentioned, the rate of decline in our sales improved versus the first half of the year but we attribute this more to slow downs in inventory reductions than to end market demand, which remains soft. We experienced sequential improvement in every major region. Emerging markets actually showed growth compared to prior year if you exclude RIF, which almost entirely serves the U.S. and Western Europe.  Third quarter operating margin before restructuring charges and other items increased to 7.3% as restructuring and productivity initiatives, including those to optimize our usage of raw materials, more than offset the operating margin impact of the volume decline. In addition, the effect of pricing and material cost trends offset the cumulative impact of 2008 inflation, which contributed to year-on-year margin improvement for the quarter.  Its worth noting that despite a $175 million reduction in sales, we held operating profits essentially flat in the quarter, which speaks to the success of the actions we are taking to deal with the slow economy.  We are seeing some inflationary pressures beginning to build, which may put some pressure on fourth quarter margins but we are pleased with the underlying margin trend.  Turning to slide six, we are on target to achieve $160 million in annualized savings from restructuring actions initiated since the fourth quarter of 2008 and we expect to reach this run-rate in mid-2010. We are estimating a $75 million benefit net of transition costs in 2009.  We will incur about $130 million of total restructuring charges associated with the program with approximately $110 million incurred in 2009. In addition to the savings from the new actions, we are realizing about $40 million of carry-over savings in the year from previously implemented actions.  At the end of the third quarter, we achieved a run-rate savings representing 70% of our restructuring target.  Now, our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 7.5% and the adjusted tax rate is expected to be the low double-digits for the full year 2009. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.82 in the quarter excludes $0.23 of restructuring, asset impairment, and other charges.  Slide seven shows our recent sales trends. As mentioned, sales declined organically by nearly 6% for the quarter, which was less of a decline than in the past three quarters. In some emerging markets, end market demand is improving but improvement elsewhere is generally limited to inventory stabilization.  Over time, our sales are dependent on end market behavior, specifically that of the consumer who in mature markets has not yet returned.  Turning to slide 8, the year-on-year and sequential margin improvements in our pressure sensitive and other specialty converting businesses again reflects the effectiveness of our restructuring and productivity improvements and as Dean discussed, pricing and raw material trends all in the face of sales declines.  And moving to slide 9, with regard to MG&A, we continue to control expenses. However, as the economy slowed, we cut MG&A costs to levels that werent sustainable so expenses came up a bit this quarter. Going forward, we intend to get more productivity in MG&A but we will also be making additional investments in some of our growth initiatives.  Slides 10, 11, and 12 describe segment results. Organic sales in our pressure sensitive materials business were down approximately 3%. In our rolled materials business, Europe was down mid-single-digits, North America down low-single-digits, and emerging markets were up mid-single-digits. And within emerging markets, Asia and Eastern Europe were both up.  Rolled materials, which is the companys largest single business, has a strong tie to consumer [staples], and we are confident that we will see growth in this business when both the economy and inventory stabilize. Inventories may be stabilizing already but our end markets are not.  The graphics and reflectives business in this segment continues to experience sales decline, down low-double-digits, which represents an improvement in the decline in recent quarters.  Pressure sensitive operating margin increased as productivity offset the impact of reduced fixed cost leverage, while the effect of pricing and raw material trends continued to cover the cumulative impact of 2008 inflation.  The decline in sales in our retail information services business primarily reflected continued weakness in retail apparel markets in the U.S. and Europe, and caution on the part of retailers. We experienced reductions in orders for fall season merchandise. Orders for fall typically occur in the second quarter, making it the segments largest quarter. The third quarter is typically smaller. As you know, from last quarters report, the second quarter surge in orders for fall never really materialized. The next opportunity to see improvement is the spring season, which would begin to occur in the fourth quarter. We expect that the extent of these orders will be influenced by what retailers experienced in terms of holiday sales.  Operating margin before restructuring charges and other items declined to a negative 2.1% as reduced fixed cost leverage, pricing, and employee related cost inflation more than offset the benefit of restructuring actions and other productivity.  As you know, we are implementing significant restructuring measures to reduce RIS fixed costs while introducing new products and improving value-added services to increase its share of the large market for tickets and tags used in apparel retail.  Turning to slide 12, the decline in office and consumer product sales reflected weak end-market demand led by slower activity in the commercial channel, consistent with declining white collar employment. The sales decline was partially offset by strong back-to-school sales, driven by strength in the mass market channel and consumer trade-up to more durable binders.  Operating margin declined as the benefit of productivity actions was more than offset by the impact of reduced fixed cost leverage.  Exposure to the automotive and housing markets again negatively impacted our specialty converting businesses. Here to we are implementing significant restructuring measures which had a positive impact on our operating margins.  Looking at slide 13, our cash flow slide, year-to-date cash flow continues to be stable, flat year over year despite declining volumes. We continue to reduce working capital with meaningful improvement in both inventory and receivables ratios. We remain committed to maximizing free cash flow in 2009 and beyond, even if poor market conditions were to continue.  As you know, we did not provide a 2009 earnings forecast. In January, we gave you some of the factors that will drive our 2009 results and we continue to update those as the year progresses. The left side of slide 14 provides our most recent estimates for these factors. One notable change from last quarter is that 2009 CapEx is now targeted to be approximately $100 million down from last quarters estimate of $115 million to $130 million.  On the right side of the slide are a few items that will impact the fourth quarter sequentially from the third quarter. And as a reminder, the fourth quarter typically reflects lower seasonal volume and the effect of our fiscal calendar change reduces fourth quarter sales by about $50 million. Additionally, it should come as no surprise that we feel raw material inflation pressure building and may again be raising prices early next year. The impact may not offset the raw material increases in the fourth quarter.  Now Ill turn it back to Dean. 
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Dan. To sum up the third quarter, thanks to excellent work by our employees, we delivered a solid performance in soft markets and challenging conditions with expansion of operating margin thanks to excellent work on costs and productivity. We kept free cash flow flat compared to last year and made solid progress on debt reduction. And on the fourth quarter, as Dan noted, well be watching both volumes and raw material prices very carefully.  And on the future, please dont mistake our caution for pessimism -- yes, the economy has a way to go. We need employment and the consumer to come back. None of us have enough information yet to forecast the pace and the strength of an economic recovery but we have a strong franchise, an excellent operating model, and terrific employees. We are well-positioned for profitable growth when markets improve.  Thanks for listening and we are now ready to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of George Staphos of Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions on top line and Ill turn it over -- do you have any details on physical volume for the quarter? You gave a lot of good detail on organic sales but do you have any volume numbers for any of the segments or any of the businesses that you could share at this time? Also on FX, while its reasonably doable to parse what the total was across the segments, do you have any specifics on that for the segments?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, volumes were generally down. Weve provided the organic numbers. As you pointed out, the overall price is still up about a percent or so from the prior year, which is carrying forward from what we did mostly clear back in the first quarter of last year and the fourth quarter, so -- but its hanging in there. Prices have held pretty well despite the tough market. So thats been healthy but generally in all of our segments with the exception of emerging markets in the materials business, volumes continue to be down.  On the currency front, theres about 4% gap against the Euro from our accounting rates third quarter to third quarter, so still a headwind. At current rates, it would be a slight tailwind for the fourth quarter.  We didnt have any substantial transaction issues during the quarter. It was mostly just a translation issue. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. A couple of follow-ons -- from what I remember from roll label, the organic sales were down I dont know, low double-digits in the first quarter, down call it mid-single-digits 6%, 7%, somewhere in that range 2Q. Third quarter you saw a further improvement. Early in the fourth quarter, are you continuing to see that same sequential improvement in PSM roll label?
Dean A. Scarborough: You know, it looks -- you know, its been improving just as you said and we saw a general improvement during the quarter. Thats continuing. The big question mark is December. This quarter because of the extra week, we actually have two holiday weeks in the quarter and I am also anticipating if anybody wants to adjust their inventories down, any customer wants to do that, they are going to choose to use the last couple of weeks of the year to do it and so its really difficult for us to forecast that month. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: I wasnt asking you to forecast, Dean, thats great. I was just trying to get a sense for what you have seen early in the quarter and it sounds like we are continuing along that path then. 
Dean A. Scarborough: No, its still continuing and again, I would characterize -- I was at the label expo show in Brussels and I was stunned actually by the amount of participation. The halls were filled with people and I certainly had a chance to talk to a lot of customers and all of them were relatively busy. And -- but said the customers hadnt changed their behavior much. They are still ordering smaller order sizes more frequently, so they didnt sense that anybody was building inventories, that they had probably gotten them down to a level that was more consistent with end demand. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: All right, thanks. Ill turn it over. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Robert W. Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird : Looking at operating profit 3Q versus the second quarter, it looks like the delta is about $23 million. Can you isolate for us in different buckets cost savings, volume, sequential improvement, FX, et cetera, as to what drove that incremental upside?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, the big driver has been productivity. Obviously the restructuring program that we are going through got a lot of traction during the quarter and as I pointed out, we moved to the 70% completion mark by the end of the quarter, so that had some significant impact. That was the big one. You know, the volume declines werent quite as bad, so sequentially we picked up some dollar revenue and that was useful as well. 
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird : Did you quantify the volume improvement sequentially?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, we didnt do it on a volume basis but our -- we obviously published -- 
Dean A. Scarborough: Sales were up $100 million from the second quarter to the third quarter. You know, that obviously had a huge impact on as we reduced our fixed costs. That was the single biggest lever, actually and most of that is volume and some of it is currency. 
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird : Okay, and just Dean, in terms of post Paxar, we really havent had a clean call it macro year, so what does the fourth quarter in a normal year typically look like relative to the other three quarters? Thanks. 
Dean A. Scarborough: The fourth quarter, generally the RIS business has its strongest volumes in Q2, its second strongest in Q4 because thats when we see orders for the spring season and then its softest quarter in Q1 and then Q3 is obviously number three on that list.  The thing that I watch is the inventory to sales ratio for soft goods and we are making progress but we are not quite at the trough level in prior quarters, so we have seen a bit of an up-tick now in terms of sales, so sales are declining less in the retail and the clothing accessories category, but I still think we are probably a couple of quarters away from seeing any kind of robust turnaround and a lot of this is going to depend on consumer behavior in Christmas.  I will say this -- retailers are all singing from the same hymnal right now and that is they would rather be out of stock than market something down and so I think thats going to be their behavior for a while until they see positive comps in their same-store sales. 
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas of J.P. Morgan Securities.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Your other specialty converting business earned about $6 million on an adjusted basis. Is that a sustainable level of operating profit?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, yes, most of that improvement in the operating margin came from restructuring costs and weve weighted our restructuring initiatives toward that business in part because the sales have been more impacted there by automotive and housing than elsewhere, so weve done a significant amount to reduce the ongoing fixed cost there and with a return to volume, I think our margins will improve. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: That is still improved from where we are now or they will improve from where you were?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, both. Theyve been improving this quarter with a big step function in the right direction. Theres more margin improvement ahead of us. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: The second thing is, is it the case that your average prices in pressure sensitive materials were up and your average prices in retail information systems down in the quarter? 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: That is correct. The -- sequentially our pricing and materials didnt move much but year-on-year they are still up about a percent or a little bit better because of increases over the fourth quarter and first quarter of this year, so they are holding steady generally in the materials market. In retail, we have seen some pressure and prices have moved down probably a percent or so, hard to measure in a custom business like that one. But we havent raised prices recently in the materials business, as its carry-over from earlier actions that made up for that 2008 inflation that we were bearing. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: How much were your raw materials down for the quarter versus the year-ago quarter, or sequentially? I know that you are on FIFO. Did finally some FIFO issues hit you positively this quarter?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: FIFO was not a factor. We started seeing a bit of deflation in some areas and a bit of inflation in other areas in raw materials but the trend right now is toward inflation and so we are out in our materials markets talking about the need for a price increase to cover that in the beginning part of next year, so its moving higher as we speak. Oil prices were up and papers costs bottomed out and started up over the last quarter as well. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: And then I guess lastly, do you still lose money in RFID and if you do, how much? 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: We actually just went through a little bit of restructuring in the inlay business so moving forward, it will lose a little bit of money on a book basis but be cash flow neutral. And then we make money in the RFID business that we sell in retail information services, so net net we make money in RFID. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay, thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Robert from Buckingham Research.
John Robert - Buckingham Research : You had the caveat on slide six when you were talking about the tax rate ongoing to vary significantly from quarter to quarter. I can understand why it varied a lot this past year quarter to quarter but unless earnings were to reverse and go back down to the low levels we had earlier this year, would it still vary quarter to quarter a lot next year?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Im afraid it will and a lot of that variation is created by events out there where we are settling issues that have been -- you know, weve been reserved against over the last few years or audits in foreign countries and that kind of thing, so we recognize in the GAAP tax accounting those events as they take place, not as they are anticipated so much. And so it causes that chunkiness in the tax rate. 
John Robert - Buckingham Research : So you know you have a lot of tax settlements or decisions coming up in the next four to six quarters?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: We have a number of items like that and we also have tax planning that is going on that once a project is completed and we implement changes and so on, can have an effect on our rate in the quarter. So I think if you step back and look at it, we are still operating over the long-term at that 20% rate or so. But I think our tax function has done a great job of dealing with some of the opportunities around the world and the result of that is that we have been able to consistently hold the rate lower and I think as we stand right now, thats probably going to be the case for a while but eventually, theres an underlying rate there in the 20 range that we will move to over time. 
John Robert - Buckingham Research : Okay, and then secondly, last quarter when you cut the dividend, you talked about the pension as a potential funding issue coming up in the next couple of years and you put $25 million in this past quarter. Will the discount rate that you use in the upcoming year be materially lower than what you used last year, and should we expect a material adjustment in pension liability here?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, you know, interest rates are the big swing factors on pension, along with market movements. Ive heard it said that inflation and higher rates is the ultimate solution for an underfunded pension, so I dont know where they are going to go. We dont have a significant change right now. They are down a bit for 2010 over 2009 but its less than a percentage point, so that is increasing our pension cost for next year but we have not yet made a contribution for the current year. Were not required to. With our cash flow running as strong as it is, we may well decided before the end of the year to make a voluntary contribution but we do expect over the next two or three years to see some more substantial increases in the cash requirements to fund the pension unless the market really makes a turn. 
John Robert - Buckingham Research : Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John P. McNulty from Credit Suisse.
John P. McNulty - Credit Suisse: Just a question on the CapEx, where you are cutting your CapEx to about $100 million, which I believe is less than half of what you saw in 08 and 2007 and Im wondering, is it because -- just because you had such a big enough downturn where youve got plenty of excess capacity or is it just being conservative on it with regard to your cash flow for a while? Whats actually driving that CapEx and how should we think about it in say 2010? Admittedly you dont have a formal forecast but are we going to be closer to 2009 levels or 2008 and 7 levels?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yeah, John, $100 million is not sustainable over the long run for sure but Id say theres a number of factors involved. One is you are absolutely right -- we have ample capacity in most of our businesses, so we are not required to do that. And even where we run into the occasional capacity shortfall or issue, the first approach is to use our enterprise lean sigma techniques to figure out a way to de-bottleneck our supply chains without the use of capital.  That being said, the other factor is and we were focused on generating free cash flow this year and so we deferred some stuff that could be deferred this year, so its likely to come up a bit and we havent actually done the planning yet or next year to know what range that will be in. 
John P. McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, thats helpful. Dean, also in your beginning comments, you had indicated that you thought youd have more success going forward with regard to price versus inflation pressures on the raw material front. Is there something thats change in the organization itself or in your systems that gives you that confidence that you can -- you know, if we do see a big surge in raw materials that you can keep up with them maybe better than you did in the past couple of years?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, I do think we have better controls over pricing in most of our businesses, so we definitely this last couple of years put enhanced pricing disciplines into the market, into our marketing functions around the world, so that is -- thats good. And second is that frankly I think a lot of our competitors have really suffered through this last couple of years, as did we. We just happen to be sitting in a better relative position than most of our competition, so what I sense in the markets out there is our competitors have realized well I actually do have to make money, and so I dont -- I dont anticipate the same amount of inflationary pressure that we had in terms of intensity but we do intend to stay on top of it. 
John P. McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thanks for taking my question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph A. [Naya] of UBS.
Joseph A. Naya - UBS : I was wondering, you mentioned that you would expect to see seasonally slower volume in the fourth quarter. Can you give us any help in terms of what sort of magnitude you would expect normally across the difference businesses?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, Ill stop short of being too guidance oriented for the fourth quarter. Weve given a couple of the factors, one is that that $50 million that we lose just because of the 53rd week which changes the timing of the fourth quarter, so that is going to be a bit of a headwind.  Dean already talked about RIS being a relatively stronger quarter than the third quarter, so that will be a bit of a help but we are still expecting general softness out there and I am not going to get any closer than that to giving you a fourth quarter revenue forecast. 
Joseph A. Naya - UBS : Sure, no, I was -- 
Dean A. Scarborough: The biggest question really is going to be what companies do with their inventories at the end of the year and how they behave. Last year youll recall we saw a significant drop in December and specifically we saw an incredible drop in the last two weeks of the year and its just too early to tell how that is going to look. So I actually think the seasonal factors that are normally in play here really dont matter all that much. Its all about what people are going to do with their inventories and orders in December. 
Joseph A. Naya - UBS : Okay, fair enough. In terms of -- I guess following up along that line, you kind of alluded to this, you discussed a little bit what you were hearing from your customers. I mean, have they offered any type of visibility in terms of what they are seeing or where they might be going with volume trends?
Dean A. Scarborough: You know, it depends on the sector. I think as you walk through the rolled materials business there, theres probably the most optimism Id say from our direct customers. And that comes from the fact that their order books are stronger than they have been in the last 12 months and most of what I hear from them is that their customers that run their inventory down to a level sufficient to where the actual demand for the end products and the order rates are doing well.  In office products, you know, if you again take out the impact of back to school, the big issue is on the commercial side of the business. Remember, we sell half retail, half commercial but the commercial side of the business has been down quite significantly this year and again thats related to white collar unemployment. I dont think we are going to see a huge magnitude of change there in the near-term.  And then RIS, I think I talk specifically there about the inventory to sales ratio and right now retailers are all still using the same playbook which specifically means I am going to get my inventories done and be very cautious about what I put into the stores. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: I think seasonally though back to school is going to be a significant factor. We are always lower in office products in the fourth quarter than we are in the third, so sales won't be as robust sequentially as they were. We get some help from currency. Those are the factors. I think thats about as far as we can go. 
Joseph A. Naya - UBS : Sure. Just one last question on the office products -- the piece thats tied to white collar and direct fulfillment, is that -- does that tend to be steady through the year or do you see some seasonality there as well? 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Its pretty steady. 
Joseph A. Naya - UBS : Okay. All right, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos of Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch : Lets deal with office products first. Within the commercial portion of the business, given whats been happening with employment and for that matter, just given whats been happening with the corporate budgets, do you anticipate anymore pricing pressure than what you have seen over the last two years, lets say, within that portion of your business? Or do you think you can hold it from here? Demand will be what it will be but margins should hold relatively constantly?
Dean A. Scarborough: Im not sure well see an intensity of margin pressure because of whats happening in the corporate world. We get plenty of margin pressure just from what I would characterize as normal competition and competition from private label and other competitors.  One of the things we are doing is doing a bit more innovation and kind of widening our -- the areas we are going into and I mentioned in the comments that we launched a new line of note tabs and label pads which are products that consumers seem to really like that dont run through a printer, actually and we are actually targeting a different consumer base with those products and we are seeing some pretty good traction. So it could be that margins might be a little softer going forward but it probably would have more to do with investments in new products for the category rather than price pressure itself. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch : Dean, switching gears, if we look back over time, if pressure sensitive material starts to pick up, that would suggest that your customers are getting a bit more optimistic about ultimately what their retail sell-through will look like and to the extent that you might see an improvement in packaging demand, which is suggested by a pick-up in PSM, it means that maybe other things will follow, including perhaps retail. Is there an actual relationship that youve seen over time where PSM will lead your other businesses, including RIS even before Paxar or is it too difficult to call the relationship looking back over time?
Dean A. Scarborough: I hate to make those kind of predictions because you know, RIS is a much smaller part of the portfolio but heres how I see it -- so on pressure sensitive, its definitely tends to have been a reliable indicator of overall economic health in both Western Europe and the U.S. and that is a good thing. I really believe that the number one factor in RIS is all about the inventory to sales ratio for clothing and apparel accessories. That is where it is going to be and so I tend to look at those factors for that business. And then again for office and consumer products, its about white collar employment trends. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch : Thats fair, Dean. One last question and Ill turn it over -- this year we should assume that youve got roughly $115 million of restructuring benefits -- would that be the fair read, the $40 million carryover plus the 75? 
Daniel R. O'Bryant:  Yes, thats right. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch : So that would suggest then you have roughly another $70 million plus next year, if I remember the restructuring program correctly, you are at 160 and most of that will show up next year?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Yes. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch : Okay. Whats the amount of net transition costs that affected you this year and would they normally dissipate after the first year of implementation?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Transition costs are about $20 million for the full program. They will dissipate over time, about 15 of that is expected in 2009. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch : Okay. Thanks for that. Ill turn it over. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas from J.P. Morgan Securities.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: You said that the cash outlays for the restructuring are 110 this year and 20 next year. How much of the outlay has been through the first three quarters?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Through the first three quarters, total restructuring costs are about $115 million is what we have in the first three quarters of the year. That includes some impairment charges as well though. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: No, what I was asking is what are the cash outlays to do the restructuring? I thought that what you said is that it would be 110 for this year and I was wondering how much you have already expended in your restructuring?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Im not sure I can pull that number out of my hat this quick. I would be happy to answer that later on, if you like. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Thats fine. Maybe we can follow-up. Are there more restructuring charges to come?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Sure. There will be more this year and some during the first half of next year but beyond the program that weve talked about, we dont have any substantial plans. Theres an ongoing level that happens all the time but we dont have any plans beyond the 160. We are pretty busy with that portion right now. 
Dean A. Scarborough: But the lions share is going to have occurred in 2009, as far as from the charges perspective. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Right, well how much more charges are there to go over the next nine months? 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Were expecting over the next nine months, were expecting it to be around $20 million or so. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Around 20 -- okay. Have you taken out enough costs in RIS yet to get it to break even for the fourth quarter?
Dean A. Scarborough: That really depends on volume, of course. We do have restructuring thats happening in Europe as we speak, which will begin to impact the fourth quarter but not -- you know, we won't see a substantial change really until 2010 for the European restructuring. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: RIS broke even on the net income line this quarter. It was negative at the operating profit level but I -- we dont expect that business to operate in the red over time. Q3 was seasonally soft.  One thing to keep in mind here is that since we bought Paxar a couple of years ago, the variable margins on this business have been expanding pretty steadily by several hundred basis points, in fact, since we made that acquisition and they are north of 50%. We are very volume dependent here and as Dean said, when volume comes back, this business should do well better than break even. We are still sticking to our commitment that we can have a 12% operating profit in this business with time but we will have to get back a big chunk of the volume thats dropped off since the downturn in the retail apparel markets. 
Dean A. Scarborough: Jeff, our focus as we execute this final phase of the RIS restructuring this year is really on volume and gaining sales. That is going to drive the most value for the business going forward. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Dont you usually have a pretty good read on your fourth quarter volumes by this juncture in that? I mean, isnt there a lot of advanced ordering in the RIS business so that you can sort of assess the way youll stand in the fourth quarter by now?
Dean A. Scarborough: Not anymore. Its amazing, and our order sizes in Asia have dropped anywhere -- it depends on the product line -- anywhere from 30% to 70% and its just indicative of how retailers are planning their future, so -- 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: And we are seeing inventory movements among our customers shifting our volumes around by 10% to 20% in certain quarters and thats not particularly predictable. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Ruschmeier with Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital : Thanks and good afternoon. I apologize if this question was asked already, I was juggling calls here but the question has to do with pressure sensitive. I thought it was very respectable result and on the cost side, in addition to the cost takeout that you have managed, Im curious if youve been able to quantify some of the commodity cost pressures, whether they be transportation costs, energy costs, paper costs, adhesives, things like that, some sense either on a year-over-year basis or on a sequential basis what that may have contributed to the quarter.
Daniel R. O'Bryant: We did cover that earlier. The short version of the answer I previously gave is that we have seen some deflation during the last quarter in material costs but right now the trend is higher, so we are seeing paper inflation, were seeing oil based commodities go up as well and anticipating some pressure on margins in the fourth quarter as a result of that, so we are gearing up for price increases. 
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital : Okay, Ill look back at it -- Ill review the transcript. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Robert from Buckingham Research.
John Robert - Buckingham Research : You I believe place equipment in your RIS customers facilities. Is that capital spending de minimis right now or does that give you any indication about activity at the customers?
Dean A. Scarborough: We actually had a pretty good third quarter in terms of our printer systems business in RIS, so we had sold some new applications at several retailers who actually used the equipment as a labor savings device in their stores, so what we see is retailers and apparel contractors spending money if they can get a pretty good and quick pay-back, so -- and the type of equipment we are selling isnt all that expensive, actually, so its not major, millions and millions of dollars. Its -- weve made good progress there and so I think again, theres an appetite from our end customers to invest in things that have a quick pay-back, especially again if its got some labor savings component to it. 
John Robert - Buckingham Research : Okay, and then in the specialty converting businesses, you sell some wood grain laminates that are used in the automotive and housing markets. Was there a stimulus benefit related to the auto stimulus and the first-time home buyers credits that we might see the sales actually drop back down in specialty converting?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we dont have much in housing anymore. Thats extremely small. And -- but in the automotive business, frankly we exited the automotive laminates business. It just didnt make sense for us given where we saw automotive volumes going long-term, so weve been phasing out of that product category over the last couple of quarters, so we didnt -- if we did see a stimulus impact, it will be the last time we see it. 
John Robert - Buckingham Research : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos of Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch : Two last questions -- quickly, what inflation are you seeing in paper? To be precise, what grades are moving up on you?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: We havent seen much yet. Weve seen pulp prices bottom over the last few weeks and move up in relatively small percentages. That -- the paper side, we anticipate more impact next year but we havent seen too much. Most of it is really coming from the oil-based side, films and [inaudible] chemicals. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch : Right, you are buying specially graded paper, you are not buying pulp per se?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Thats right. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch : Okay, and then -- 
Dean A. Scarborough: My sense is that some of the specialty paper suppliers are a little emboldened, so they -- because volumes have gotten relatively better over the last couple of months, their operating rates look a lot better right now, so they had a really tough first half of the year so I think they are testing the waters right now and in some cases, they will probably get some price increase. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch : Theres been some capacity closures too, so thats another thing to be watchful for. Sorry, you were saying?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: I was going to say that our strategy has been to offset some of those increases through internal productivity and material cost out programs and weve done an awful lot there over the last two or three quarters. In fact, even with softer volumes this year, the efforts weve put into engineering cost out have been substantial. The tide is beginning to turn. Theres only so much you can do in that respect and so paper is beginning to hit, though films right now are where most of the pressure is coming. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch : Last question I had, regarding RIS, certainly if you did mid-single-digit margin or high-single-digit margin, that would be a lot better than what we have been seeing the last couple of years, given the cycle. How do you determine whether the value proposition to your customers is the same relative to what might have been an appropriate target factor a couple of years ago of 12% margin? If consumers are buying less apparel through retail, does that to some degree either lessen the logistics value you bring or the security of supply and consistency of supply that you bring? Or does it not and you still think that your value prop is still the same as it ever was? Thanks, guys.
Dean A. Scarborough: I actually think the value prop is better because what we have seen actually is our variable margins improve the last couple of years, which indicates that we can charge relatively more on a value-add basis than we did a couple of years ago. And the reason I think it is more is that the supply chain component of this is getting more difficult because order sizes are smaller, cycle times are reduced. You have to have a much higher level of responsiveness and that really plays into our sweet spot. And then on top of that, people are moving dormant production around much more rapidly than they were before. So its more difficult to be a supplier.  I think the real upside for us comes in longer term from what I characterize as in-store solutions. You know, retailers today need to provide value but also give customers good customer service and they are kind of struggling with how do I do that while reducing labor costs. And still see a significant amount of interest in item level marketing for RFID and more pilots than ever, so I do think that again, we are well-positioned to capture that trend and I think the next couple of years are going to start to demonstrate that. Its tough to show it right now, I understand that. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Merrill Lynch : Thanks, guys. Good luck in the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Chick from FBR.
Steven Chick - FBR: Just within the office and consumer products category and Im sorry if I missed this but the organic rate of decline, the improvement there from last quarter, I think it was down 11% to down 4%. Was that sequential improvement strictly related to the retail and the back-to-school level comments that you made with the commercial purchase activity being down the same amount? Can you speak to the mix there a bit?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: That was clearly driven by back to school where we had a relatively good back to school season. The rest of the business leveled out a bit but it didnt contribute much to sequential improvement in the sales growth. 
Steven Chick - FBR: Okay, so I guess as we move far beyond kind of the back to school level demand, I guess we should expect that kind of organic rate to kind of go back more towards a little bit of a steeper decline as a corporate purchase activity becomes a bigger piece? I mean, is that safe to say now that we are beyond the season?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, we clearly won't have the back to school impact in the fourth quarter and -- or the first quarter. I think Deans comments earlier about the swing factor here being what the retailers decide to do with inventory is going to decide this. We traditionally in the industry see inventory build in the fourth quarter but we are not anticipating it this year and that would have a dampening effect on fourth quarter revenue. 
Steven Chick - FBR: Okay. All right, thank you. Thats all. 
Operator: Thank you very much, and there are no further questions on the phone line. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks. 
Eric M. Leeds: Okay, on behalf of all of us, thanks to everyone for joining and we look forward to speaking with you again. 
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you disconnect your lines. Have a good day, everyone.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-30 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds  Head of IR Dean Scarborough  President and CEO Dan OBryant  EVP of Finance and CFO
Analysts: George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch Analyst for Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities John McNulty  Credit Suisse John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group Gansham Panjabi  Robert W. Baird & Co.  
Operator: Welcome to the Avery Dennison earnings conference call for the quarter ended July 4th, 2009. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 1 p.m. Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, August 3, 2009. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Eric Leeds, Avery Dennisons Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome everyone. Our discussion today will reference the earnings release that we issued earlier along with the slide presentation titled, Second Quarter 2009 Financial Review and Analysis. Both documents were furnished today with our 8-K and posted at the Investor's Section of our Web site at www.investors.averydennison.com. We remind you that these results are preliminary as we have not yet filed our 10-Q. Our news release references GAAP operating margin, which includes interest expense, restructuring and other charges included in the other expense line of our P&L. Also referenced are transition costs associated with acquisition integrations. Restructuring charges and integration transition costs tend to be fairly disparate in amount, frequency, and timing. In light of the nature of these items, we will focus our margin commentary on pre-tax results before their effect and before interest expense. This detail is in schedules A2 to A5 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release.  We also remind you that we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to uncertainty. The Safe Harbor statement included in the documents that we provided today, along with our 2008 form 10-K, address certain risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations. On the call today are Dean Scarborough, President and CEO; Dan OBryant, Executive Vice President and CFO and, Mitch Butier, Corporate Vice President of Global Finance. Dan is participating remotely. Ill now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean Scarborough:  Thanks Eric. Good morning and good afternoon to those of you on the East coast. I will start with the announcement that the board of directors has reduced the quarterly dividend from $0.41 to $0.20 per share. Before we go over the quarter I want to explain our decision and particularly the timing and the size of the reduction.  We know how important the dividend is to our shareholders. The board is committed to paying a dividend and we did not take this decision lightly. Given the uncertainty about the timing and extent of an economic recovery and given the increased cash requirements of pension contributions, we have a responsibility to take this action. The dividend reduction is prudent and in the long-term interest of the company.  In the first half of the year we held the dividend at $0.41 per share through two quarters of declining earnings because we believed that market deterioration would start to moderate and business conditions would begin to recover meaningfully in the second half of 2009. While conditions may have hit bottom, the pace and strength of the recovery still remains highly uncertain. Our planning scenarios now include the possibility we will see weak market conditions throughout 2010. At the same time, it is clear we will have to make significant cash contributions to our pension fund and this could range from $200-300 million over the next several years.  The size of the dividend reduction reflects a combination of our near-term debt reduction goal as well as our target to pay a cash dividend of 40-50% of normalized earnings over time. When our outlook improves we expect to raise the dividend in line with this target. The new dividend rate will enable us to reduce debt to levels we believe will help us maintain our current credit rating, our access to the commercial paper market and to ensure that we comply with our debt covenants.  We believe that this new dividend rate will be sustainable even under our low end scenario. We will also maintain our ability to continue to invest in new growth platforms and emerging business opportunities such as new label materials, RFID and Japan.  Turning now to the second quarter the challenging macroeconomic environment continues especially in our retail businesses. Volumes for all of our business segments declined and drove net sales down 14% on an organic basis and adjusted profit down 42%. Operating margin contracted to 6.2% as the lower volumes reduced fixed cost leverage.  I am pleased that we maintained our gross margin in the face of a substantial decline in volume, largely because of our cost out restructuring actions and pricing discipline. We also improved working capital efficiency and in fact ended the quarter with our inventory turns at the highest level in more than two years.  I want to thank the employees of Avery Dennison for their exceptional performance on these initiatives. These actions, along with continued investment in growth will position the company for stronger profit growth when volumes improve.  Now I will turn the call over to Dan who will take you through the quarter in more detail. 
Dan O'Bryant :  Thank you Dean. Lets begin with a summary of preliminary results for the second quarter on slide seven and eight of the handout. Starting on slide seven, on an organic basis in the second quarter sales declined approximately14% with the decline attributable to lower volume. Throughout my comments all references to organic sales include results before the impact of acquisitions, foreign currency translation and the extra week in our 2009 fiscal calendar.  Reported sales for the second quarter were down 20%. Currency translation reduced reported sales growth by 6.9% with a $0.04 negative impact on earnings per share. Although the slowdown is impacting us globally with the emerging markets declining substantially as well with the exception of our raw materials business in Asia which was up in the quarter.  First quarter operating margin before restructuring charges and other items declined to just over 6%, reflecting reduced fixed cost leverage, partially offset by pricing, productivity improvements and restructuring.  Turning to slide eight, we continue our efforts to expand our restructuring actions. We have increased our target to in excess of $160 million in annualized savings from restructuring actions initiated since the fourth quarter of 2008 and we expect to reach this run rate in mid-2010. We are estimating a $75 million benefit net of transition costs in 2009.  We estimate we will incur about $130 million of total restructuring charges associated with the program with the majority of these costs incurred during 2009. In addition to the savings from the new actions we continue to expect about $40 million of carry over savings from previously implemented actions.  At the end of the second quarter we achieved a run rate savings representing 50% of our restructuring target so we are right on track. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 15%. Our ongoing annual tax rate is expected to be in the low 20% range although it can vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.56 in the quarter includes $0.18 of restructuring, asset impairment and other charges.  Now as previously announced, in the first quarter of 2009 the company began an interim goodwill impairment test that resulted in a non-cash impairment charge of $832 million. We reported this charge in our first quarter 10-Q. In the second quarter of 2009 we completed the test with no additional charges incurred.  Slide nine shows our recent sales trends and as mentioned sales declined organically by nearly 14% for the quarter which was similar to Q1. Turning to slide 10, it is worth noting again that consolidated gross margin was flat to prior year, notwithstanding the reduction in sales. On a sequential basis gross margin was up 260 basis points from the first quarter. As Dean mentioned our restructuring program, productivity initiatives and pricing discipline are all making a big difference.  In addition to gross margin holding steady the other highlight for the quarter is the sequential improvement in margin in our largest segment, Pressure Sensitive Materials. This segments Q2 margin grew 220 basis points from that in Q1. As you know this is a relatively non-seasonal business so sequential comps are meaningful here. Again, this is evidence of the effectiveness of our restructuring, productivity improvements and pricing actions.  Moving to slide 11, we have already talked about gross margin. MG&A declined $41 million against prior year due to cost reductions and currency translation. The factors affecting profitability are the same across all segments; reduced fixed costs leverage more than offset restructuring, productivity improvements and pricing.  Turning to slide 12, organic sales in our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment were down approximately 10%. The sales decline in our rolled materials business was less than 10%. Europe was down low double digits. North America was down mid single digits and emerging markets were down low single digits. As mentioned, with emerging markets Asia was up slightly. As we said last quarter we believe the stability of our rolled materials business continues to be masked by high inventories. This business, which is the companys largest single business has a strong tie to consumer staples so we are confident we will see growth in this business when both the economy and inventories stabilize.  The Graphics and Reflectives business in this segment continues to experience sharp sales declines. Graphics products generally represent more discretionary purchases by businesses often linked to promotional spending which has been dramatically cut by businesses just about everywhere. Fleet marketing and other signage applications are delayed when times are tough.  RIS results are summarized on slide 13. The decline in sales primarily reflected the continued weakness of the retail apparel market in the U.S. and Europe. Volumes continue to be negatively impacted by retail store closures and inventory de-stocking. We are experiencing delays and reductions in orders for fall season merchandise.  As you know, we are implementing significant restructuring measures to reduce RIS fixed costs while introducing new products and improving new value added services to increase its share of the large market for tickets and tags used in apparel retail.  Turning to slide 14, the decline in Office and Consumer product sales reflected weak end market demand led by slower activity in the commercial channel consistent with declining white collar employment. Exposure to the automotive and housing markets again had a strong negative impact on our specialty converting businesses. Here too we are implementing significant restructuring measures.  Looking now at slide 15, our cash flow slide, year-to-date free cash flow continues to be relatively stable, declining just over $12 million versus 2008. As Dean talked about, we are steadfastly committed to maximizing free cash flow in 2009 and beyond especially if poor market conditions continue.  Now as you know we are not providing a 2009 earnings forecast. In January we did provide to you some of the factors that would drive our 2009 results and we updated them in April. Slide 16 provides a June update to some of these factors. Namely, the currency headwind would be 200 basis points lower at current exchange rates, CapEx is now targeted to be between $115-130 million down from a range of $120-150 million. Third, we had a class action settlement of $37 million as reported in our 10-Q. Finally, the non-cash impairment charge reported in our fourth quarter 10-Q will adversely impact reported EPS but not free cash flow.  Before turning the call back to Dean I too wanted to say that the boards decision on the dividend was obviously a difficult one but should volumes continue to be weak the increase in debt reduction gives us some assurance our balance sheet will continue to strengthen. As Dean said, taking precautionary actions at this time is the right thing for us to do.  Now I will turn the call back to Dean.
Dean Scarborough :  Thanks Dan. I just have a few comments before we go to Q&A. Again, on the dividend reduction I want to reemphasize we are not doing this because the company is in a crisis but in fact, it is a difficult but sensible business judgment. I think the question is why now. As we looked at the second quarter we got thrown a number of curve balls. First of all, volume continues to be low and in fact the only upside we see in earnings is coming from cost cutting and restructuring, not from volume improvement.  We anticipate there will not be a dramatic recovery in the back half of the year or even in 2010 and that is definitely a change from our outlook. That has certainly been informed by the fact that none of our businesses are really showing any signs of volume improvement. Third, the additional headwinds with the cash needed for our pension expense is also new information. We continue to operate with discipline in a very tough economy, noted by our gross margin trajectory in the business and we still have great franchises with market leadership in very good markiets and we are well positioned to rebound when volumes recover.  Thank you. We will be happy to take your questions. 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch. 
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: I wanted to go through the volume trends first. Earlier you said there has been no pick up from what you could see. Can you provide any color perhaps on what some of the early third quarter trends look like, adjusting for seasonality if there is any factor there in some of the key businesses. As a tag along question, you mentioned you are seeing continued signs of cancellations and delays in orders specific to the RIS business. Can you give us a bit more color on that? 
Dean Scarborough :  First of all, we are about three weeks into the third quarter and it looks just like May and June. I am also reluctant to take any judgments from that. Europe will likely take the opportunity through their normal shut down period to take an extended shut down. I think a lot of businesses are thinking and talking about that. I am not optimistic the third quarter is going to show any kind of dramatic improvement.  When you talk about RIS, in fact Europe really did play a role here. Our order rates from European based retailers and brand owners were decreasing the last few quarters at a single digit rate and they moved into double digit territory in the second quarter. In fact, that was probably the single biggest surprise that I saw in that business. In the U.S. most of the retailers I talked to have this attitude; that is, I would rather run out of stock of something than have to mark it down because I cant sell it.  In fact, most of the retailers and brand owners have anywhere from 15-20% inventory reduction targets and even when they place initial orders they are placing lower initial orders than they normally do and again will chase replenishment rather than having it kind of flow in. So they have definitely changed their buying behaviors there.  Finally, in Pressure Sensitive I think most of us see Pressure Sensitive, or at least those of us who have been around for awhile, it is a bit of a leading indicator. I would say that we have seen a little bit of an improvement in the emerging markets of Asia where we saw a little bit of a rebound in the back part of the quarter. Maybe we have hit a bottom in the U.S. but I wouldnt characterize it as growth. As well in Europe I am just not sure we have hit the bottom yet. Hopefully that is enough color. 
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: One of the things we have been hearing about during earnings season is companies we track and their customers finding it increasingly able and possible to operate with lower working capital and lower inventories. That is good but how could that affect the RIS business in the years to come? Do you think that actually might make the business more valuable to its customers? Do you think it leads to a continued drag on volume over time? How do you think that could play out relative to RIS and relative to its value to the whole company? 
Dean Scarborough :  I think it actually plays to our strength. Retailers are basically moving to multiple seasons. They are placing smaller orders more frequently. Therefore the complexity of their product offering and supply chain goes up. They are certainly not adding staff to deal with that complexity. So, increasingly they have been I would say that is where Avery Dennison is able to step in and manage that for them.  What we are fighting right now is inventory reduction and lower order sizes. If there is a bright spot our variable margins have improved still a bit even with dramatic reductions in order sizes. At least at that level I think we are handling that trend very well. But because this is a high variable margin business it is really tough to show any progress. We certainly didnt in this quarter until volumes start to improve.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities. 
Analyst for Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities:  The commentary in the press release said the size of the dividend reduction reflects a combination of the companys near-term debt reduction targets and a target to pay a cash dividend of 40-50% of normalized earnings. So is that to be interpreted the dividend is now annualized $0.80 that would mean the normalized earnings are $1.60 to $2.00. Is that the way to think about it?
Dan O'Bryant :  Our goal here is to provide guidance. Obviously our dividend, our 40-50% target is a historical that we have had for a number of years. Certainly for the last few quarters the payout ratio is way over that target. So the board has been looking at longer term factors and I would encourage you not to try to triangulate all this in a very short-term manner to try to estimate what guidance is in there. This is definitely not normalized earnings. 
Analyst for Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities:  So these seem too low for normalized earnings? 
Dean Scarborough :  Absolutely. We are not normally in an environment where our volumes are dropping 13-14%. 
Analyst for Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: A clarification on the pension funding requirements. So $200-300 million to be spent over the next few years I think there was a $25 million outlay in 2009. Do you know roughly how much it may be in 2010 and 2011? Just to get near-term?
Dan O'Bryant :  That is going to ramp up over the next few years and for 2010 it is roughly in the same range of what we have laid out for 2009, around $25 million. Then it does ramp up over that through 2013 to get to the $200-300 million range. That range is based on a number of factors. Obviously when you consider what your pension outlay is going to be such as future return in the equity markets, discount rates and so forth. It is not that much immediately in 2010 but it ramps up after that. 
Analyst for Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: The restructuring costs of $130 million for 2009 I think there is about $65 million that has occurred so far. Another $65 million to come. Is that correct or is the loss on extinguishment of debt also a part of this?
Dan O'Bryant :  We are going to be spending $130 million for the current restructuring initiatives we started in Q4 2008. Some of the restructuring you saw in the first half of the year related to the restructuring initiatives we started before that. We have implemented 50% of the initiatives. We are hitting 50% of the run rate savings as of the end of June. We have a little bit more than 50% of the $130 million from the Q4 actions left to spend. That will not all be in 2009. That will go into 2010. 
Analyst for Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: So the $130 million in costs will go into 2010? 
Dan O'Bryant :  Correct. There is a timing difference between when you see it in our P&L and when we take the charge versus what the cash outlay is.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of John McNulty  Credit Suisse. 
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: With regard to cost cutting, up to $75 million that you expect to get this year how much of it hit in the first half and sequentially how much of an improvement should we be looking for?
Dan O'Bryant :  We are looking for $160 million overall annualized with the full implement. $75 million of that is expected to hit this year. If we take what we implemented as of the end of June we are at $80 million run rate. Year-to-date what we have seen from that it is about 1/3 of the $75 million, approximately $25 million of that so far. 
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: So in the second half of the year we could be seeing something in a neighborhood of $40-50 million of incremental cost savings?
Dan O'Bryant :  Yes. If you think of it as just a ramping up curve of costs out there is going to be a lot more in the second half than we saw in the first half.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: With regard to pricing in the pressure sensitive area, I believe in your opening comments you spoke about how part of what drove the margin was your pricing action. Can you give us some clarity as to what those specifically were?
Dean Scarborough :  If you recall, last year we had this pretty large gap between the inflation we were feeling and our pricing actions. We finally just about caught up in that business. We are raising prices I think 2-3 times last year. We raised prices again in January and then during the first quarter especially in countries where we had some pretty wild currency swings on top of the inflation in the first quarter. Those seem to be holding right now. 
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: So what was price up year-over-year in the pressure sensitive business? 
Dean Scarborough :  Im not sure we give that information by sector but it is up definitely especially over last year from a low.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: At the end of your discussion you had talked about as far as the dividend cuts why now and volumes havent gotten any better and you were worried about the pension requirements. It seems like those were two of the big ones. Your costs it looks like you have incremental cost cuts coming in. The pension hit of $25 million doesnt sound like it is a deal maker or breaker. Is there anything else that is kind of concerning you or concerning the board in terms of why such a dramatic cut in the dividend was necessary now versus even in the first quarter?
Dean Scarborough :  All of the earnings we had a benefit, and I take that lightly because it was less worse in the second quarter than it was in the first quarter. I think it is all about cost cutting. There is no volume impact at all. We had assumed in our planning with the board earlier in the year that we would see a recovery in the back half of 2009, relatively, I wouldnt say strong, but a decent recovery in 2010. As we look at our worst case scenario, our low end scenario, and say what if we dont have a recovery in the back half of 2009 and 2010 is flat or down a little bit what would happen? What would happen is a series of events that would not look very good.  We would potentially have problems meeting our debt covenants or lose our access to commercial paper. That would cost us another $20 million or so a year. If we ran into covenant trouble that would not be a good thing. I think the board took the prudent action in saying, hey look in a really bad forward-looking volume scenario and with the additional pension costs we have looking at the business, what is the most prudent course of action? Because the dividend reduction has a cumulative benefit over time and if we wait until the last minute it is too late. So that was really the feeling. The pension over time, that is a headwind and just because it is not next year, I think it is almost irrelevant. It is still $200-300 million of cash outlay we had not planned for in our earlier scenarios. So that is how we think about it. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group. 
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: Did you learn anything new about the pension during the quarter? Say the impairment charge, did it trigger any funding requirements? The markets have actually gotten better since the start of the year and so forth and I dont recall last quarter the pension coming up as a major issue.
Dean Scarborough :  The pension is something that is one of the big reasons of the funding requirements of the pension over the next few years is the decline in the equity values obviously. It is something we are watching and monitoring as well as the considerations around the legislative changes we have seen. So, it was completely realized in the second quarter about the magnitude and extent of the funding requirements over the next 3-5 years working with our consultants and actuaries on what the requirements would be.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: You completed a study or analysis that kind of came to fruition here during this quarter?
Dan O'Bryant :  Yes. 
Dean Scarborough :  The impairment had nothing to do with that analysis. 
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: That tax rate of 15% currently and then low 20s on a forward basis, the second half of 2009 will be at 15 or low 20s?
Dan O'Bryant :  Right now low 20s is what our expectation is for tax rate over the coming years. That will vary year to year and even more significantly quarter-to-quarter. The GAAP tax rate this year will be artificially low because of the size of the goodwill impairment charge we took in Q1. If you adjust for that our tax rate we are currently anticipating, and there is a range, but it is around 15%. That is what we used for the quarter and expect for the full year.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: For GAAP earnings in the third and fourth quarter? 
Dan O'Bryant :  Yes, the pro forma earnings which would be GAAP in the second half.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Analyst for Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities. 
Analyst for Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: The earlier remarks that things could be weaker through 2010, is that everywhere or is that particularly in RIS? What does that sort of entail? In weakness, does that mean volume is down 3% or it is down 8%? How does one think about it?
Dean Scarborough :  Our low scenario we are looking at a range of scenarios. High, base case and low. Our low scenario we are looking at no recovery in the back half of 2009 so a continuation of the current trends. And a slight decline, flat to slightly down in terms of volume in 2010. It is tough to get more granular than that. Fundamentally what we are seeing is much an l-shaped recovery. In other words no recovery in our low case scenario. That is what the board based their decision on. 
Analyst for Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: Again is that really everywhere or driven by particularly the RIS business? 
Dean Scarborough :  It is driven by all our businesses. I mean, pressure sensitive is down double digit percent. That business tends to be a leading indicator. We assumed in that scenario that Europe would continue to fall in the back half of the year. Certainly the retail sector in office products is driven by white collar employment which we dont expect will rebound very quickly. Then consumer spending for retail and apparel, again in that scenario, basically assumes consumers are saving whatever income they have and not increasing their spending levels as consumers continue to deliver. That is how that works. That may sound really conservative but I think running the company in this environment it is prudent to do so. 
Analyst for Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: Should the depreciation and amortization charges change with all of these restructuring charges being taken or are the restructuring charges largely employee related?
Dan O'Bryant :  I think the question was will our depreciation charges go down over time? Yes, they will be declining and we have seen that because of some of the write offs we have had with the restructuring charges. Also you will notice our capital expenditures we have ratcheted way down to reflect the current environment. So our depreciation is higher than our CapEx. Yes you will see that. 
Analyst for Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: Do you have an initial D&A target for this year and next year? 
Dan O'Bryant :  We dont have specific targets for D&A and we are not providing guidance as far as 2009 and forward. 
Analyst for Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: If it goes down is it going down single digit million? $10 million? Just an order of magnitude without giving an exact number. 
Dan O'Bryant :  It is going to continue the trend we have seen over the last year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch. 
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: On the subject of the restructuring you will be doing within RIS and the other markets, obviously the company has been pretty aggressive in restructuring and cutting costs for many years now within its businesses and within those businesses over the last couple of years. What is next? What is left to do? What do you hope to accomplish with these restructurings? What will be the one or tenets behind it? What will you accomplish with this restructuring and how perhaps manufacturing processes change within those businesses? 
Dean Scarborough :  Actually if you look over the last couple of years I think the headcount is down almost 4,000 people in RIS and the first wave of that, I would say that was really all about the first 18 months, was simply taking out the overlap and the duplication within Paxar and with Avery Dennison. Now we have two objectives. One is to reduce our fixed costs to a level that is appropriate given the reduction of volume in the business. Second, we believe on top of that there is an opportunity for a significant amount of productivity that can happen through basically standardizing the work processes we have in customer service, order processing as well as order fulfillment in our factories.  We have made good progress I think so far in the factory this year but we still have quite a bit of work to do in the front end of the business. Some of that will require some automation and investment in information technology as well. 
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Is there a trade off you worry about? These businesses based on my impression, you obviously know them a lot better than we do, are very decentralized. They are very much driven by reacting to your customers. To the extent that you perhaps have automation and try to centralize, do you risk perhaps having that very quick reaction time and maybe now is not the right environment to be worrying about them because demand is down so much but do you perhaps impact the business ability and its advantages when we finally do have that recovery hopefully sooner rather than later?
Dean Scarborough :  Actually, here is the way I look at it. Day one when we bought the business we had a lot of independent, family-run restaurants and now we are building Burger King. All the processes inside the restaurants all actually look identical but the customer can still have it their way, if you will. There is still a high amount of customization that needs to occur in the businesses. So what we have been doing is standardizing and streamlining processes. The business is now organized globally on a functional basis so we have people in charge of the supply chain around the world and in charge of customer service around the world because our goal is to have the customer feel the same good, high quality level of service no matter where they are.  I actually see a bigger risk of not doing it than doing it today. As cycle times decrease and customers expect to get the same service no matter where they are sourcing their garments. We are actually the only game in town that can actually provide that. 
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: I know this is kind of hard to gauge this given where we are right now economically, but you still feel this as a 12% operating margin business or whatever goal you provided in the past? Do you still feel equally good now about the earnings power within RIS [courtesy packs] than you did a couple of years ago? When we finally do get to that recovery. 
Dean Scarborough :  At the risk of my credibility I havent given up on that goal for this business because I think it is absolutely doable. It looks really far from where we are today but given the variable margins in this business which has expanded, it doesnt take that much more volume and it wont going into the future, to realize that objective. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Gansham Panjabi  Robert W. Baird & Co. 
Gansham Panjabi  Robert W. Baird & Co. : There seems to be a fair amount of debate in Washington on changing the corporate overseas tax rate. Can you just give us some color on how you think that could impact your overall tax rate, understanding it is well below at least your historical levels? Is this something that could go up 3-4% or something more meaningful? 
Dean Scarborough :  It is definitely a risk factor. I am not very happy with a lot of the proposals that are sitting in Washington right now. Here is the risk for us. We get a lot of our earnings from overseas corporations and for some reason the U.S. government feels that is just a pot of money they can dip into and it doesnt really impact anything. It could have an impact on us for sure. It is definitely a risk factor going forward. 
Gansham Panjabi  Robert W. Baird & Co. :  In terms of your RIS business I assume CIT is a big provider of working capital to a lot of your customers. Given the troubles there have you seen any sort of volatility in your accounts receivables? 
Dean Scarborough :  Actually we did a check of our key accounts and all that. It is a pretty minor factor for us. 
Gansham Panjabi  Robert W. Baird & Co. : That includes PSM too?
Dan O'Bryant :  Given the nature of our customer base it is extremely distributed. We dont have a significant amount of concentration of customers within PSM as well as RIS. Not a significant factor for us. We are particularly in this environment focused on the quality of our receivables and we continue to be comfortable at the levels where we stand. Not a particular impact from CIT in particular. Overall, the quality of our receivables is still within our comfort level.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. 
Dean Scarborough :  On behalf of all of us thanks everyone for joining. We look forward to speaking with you again. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference call today. We thank you for your participation and we ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-28 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds  Head of IR Dean Scarborough  President and CEO Dan OBryant  EVP of Finance and CFO
Analysts: George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital John McNulty  Credit Suisse Tim Thein  Citigroup Reik Read  Robert W. Baird & Co. John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group
Operator: Welcome to Avery Dennisons earnings conference call for the first quarter ended April 4th, 2009. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 2 p.m. Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time, May 1st, 2009. To access the replay, please dial 800-633-8284, or 402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21411860. I would now like to turn the call over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennisons Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome everyone. Our discussion today will reference the earnings release that we issued earlier along with the slide presentation titled, First Quarter 2009 Financial Review and Analysis. Both documents were furnished today with our 8-K and posted at the Investor's Section of our Web site at www.investors.averydennison.com. We remind you that these results are preliminary as we have not yet filed our 10-Q. Our news release references GAAP operating margin, which includes interest expense, restructuring, and other charges included in the other expense line of our P&L. Also referenced are transition costs associated with acquisition integration. Restructuring charges and integration transition costs tend to be fairly discrete in amount, frequency, and timing. In light of the nature of these items, we will focus our margin commentary on pre-tax results before their effect and before interest expense. These details and schedules A3 and A4 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release. We also remind you that we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to uncertainty. The Safe Harbor statement included in the documents that we provided today, along with our 2008 form 10-K, address certain risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations. Here today are Dean Scarborough, President and CEO; Dan OBryant, Executive Vice President and CFO; and, Mitch Butier, Corporate Vice President of Global Finance. Ill now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks, Eric. As expected, the first quarter was an acceleration of the worsening trends we experienced in Q4. Continued soft end-user demand and inventory de-stocking caused sales to decline more than 14%. The quarter began with a very weak January, and then run rates improved for the balance of the quarter. The slowdown impacted every business segment and as well as in every geographic region. Price increases and productivity, while positive factors, were not able to offset the impact of lower volumes, causing operating margins to fall. While admittedly difficult to find a silver lining in this quarters performance, Id like to point out that despite a greater than expected shortfall in revenues, we beat our internal targets for earnings from operations. The first quarter is seasonally a weak quarter anyway. But we reacted quickly to a soft January by accelerating restructuring plans and adjusting our other expenses downward. Business conditions in retail information services and other specialty converting were very tough, reflecting the difficult conditions in retail, automotive, and housing markets. Our pressure sensitive material segment was negatively impacted by very soft sales in our graphics and reflective products division. Products in this business are driven by promotional spending, and that's obviously been dramatically cut by businesses just about everywhere. After an extended period of significant raw material inflation, we did get some relief in the office and consumer products segment through a combination of price increases and productivity initiatives. I do believe were in a good position to weather the storm. We are accelerating our cost out actions and are planning additional actions, if necessary. And we're continuing our focus on cash generation. We have reduced capital spending and increased our focus on working capital reduction. And we intend to generate an up-cash flow to pay down debt, fund growth, and pay a dividend. I am pleased with our progress in new growth areas. For example, we were awarded the Hong Kong Airport RFID Baggage Tag Business. Our new venture in Japan is gaining traction. And our investments in pressure sensitive label conversion in food and beverage in these markets is paying off in new application growth. Now, I will turn the call over to Dan, who will provide more detail on the quarter.
Dan OBryant: Thanks, Dean. Lets begin with a summary of the preliminary results for the first quarter, which youll find on slides five and six of the handout. Starting on slide five, reported sales for the first quarter 2009 were down 13%, with the decline attributable to lower volume and currency. Positive effects of the DAMA label acquisition in the extra week in the quarter. Our fiscal calendar requires an extra week every few years, which occurred in the first quarter. Throughout my comments, all references to organic sales include results before the impact of acquisitions, foreign currency translation, and the extra week in our 2009 fiscal calendar. On an organic basis in the first quarter, sales declined about 15%. As Dean mentioned, the sales decline moderated somewhat after a very weak January. The slowdown is impacting us globally with emerging markets declining substantially, as well. First quarter operating margin before restructuring charges and other items declined to just under 3%, primarily reflecting raw material inflation and reduced fixed-cost leverage, partially offset by productivity improvement and pricing actions. Turning to slide six, we continue our efforts to expand and accelerate our restructuring actions. Were currently targeting an excess of $150 million in annualized savings over the next two years from restructuring actions initiated since the fourth quarter of 2008. Were now estimating a $75-million benefit net of transition cost in 2009. The restructuring includes reductions of approximately 10% of the companys global workforce. We estimate that we will incur about $130 million of cash restructuring charges associated with the program, with the majority of these costs incurred in 2009. In addition to the savings from the new actions, we continue to expect about $40 million of carry-over savings from previously implemented actions, including benefits from the Paxar integration. At the end of the first quarter, we achieved run-rate savings representing approximately 30% of our restructuring target, and we anticipate reaching 50% by the end of the second quarter. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was approximately 2% and our ongoing annual tax rate is expected to be in the low 20% range, although it can vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.11 in the quarter reflects $0.37 for restructuring charges and asset impairment costs as well as $0.20 associated with the HiMEDS conversion. We achieved our target of converting 75% of the HiMEDS common stock. We retired approximately $330 million of senior notes, strengthening our balance sheet. The exchange settled for 6.45 million common shares and approximately$43 million in cash on March 10th. Sales declined organically by nearly 15% for the quarter as shown on slide seven, with the month of January substantially worse from the declines of the last two months of the quarter. Even with the sequential improvement, we still ended the quarter with double-digit declines, which impacted our margins significantly. Turning you to slide eight, margins in most of our businesses declined both year-on-year, and sequentially, due to the very low volumes in the quarter and the carry-over inflation from 2008. Exposure to the automotive and housing markets particularly impacted our specialty converting businesses. Similarly, in retail information services, the story is fixed-cost leverage with the seasonally lowest revenue quarter of the year being compounded by the general slow down in retail markets. The majority of our restructuring activities are in retail information services and our other specialty converting businesses. And we are working hard to offset the impact of sales decline. Moving to slide nine, gross profit was mostly impacted by low volume in the quarter. Pricing did improve, though as was mentioned we continue to carry inflation from prior year. We reduced MG&A by $24 million against prior year due to cost reductions and currency translations, partially offset by cost associated with the extra week of sales. In todays earnings release, we noted that the company commenced a goodwill impairment test that we believe will likely result in non-cash impairment charge. And that this charge will impact the companys final first quarter financial results by the time we file our 10-Q. The charge, being non cash, would have no adverse impact on debt covenants. Now lets turn to your slide ten and talk about segment results. The decline in pressure sensitive material sales reflected a low double-digit decline in Europe, a mid single-digit decline in North America and low double-digit declines in emerging markets. While the raw materials business is ultimately tied to consumables where underlying consumption is more stable, in this environment we believe that high inventories are masking that underlying stability. Our graphics and reflective business was also down double-digits. The decline in pressure sensitive operating margin reflected reduced fix cost leverage and the effects of raw material inflation. These factors out weighed the benefits of price increases, restructuring, and other productivity initiatives. RIS results are summarized in slide 11. The decline in sales primarily reflected continued weakness of the retail apparel market in the US and Europe. Volumes are worsened by retail store closures and high levels of unsolved inventory. We are now seeing signs of delays and reductions in orders for fall season merchandise. So the decline in operating margin was driven by reduced fix cost leverage and cost inflations. These were offset in part by incremental integration savings and the benefit of other productivity actions. Again, we are implementing significant restructuring measures in this segment in 2009 and we continue to transform the business to strengthen its competitive advantages and to drive future growth and profitability improvement. Now, despite the market challenges, the long term value proposition in our retail information services business remains in tact. Were building on our competitive advantages and enhancing our value to retails and brand owners. The integration of the business weve acquired in this pace continues and there remains a lot of opportunities to do what we do even better. Clearly, the current state of the retail apparel business prevents that value proposition from being monetized in the short run, but apparel markets will return and were working aggressively to ensure we are in a position to deliver strong results when they do. Turning to slide 12, the decline in office and consumer product sales reflected weak end-market demand offset by the effects of customer inventory management. The increase in OCPs operating margin reflected the benefit of productivity initiatives and price increases to offset raw materials inflation carried throughout 2008. Weve already spoken of the decline in sales and our other specially converting businesses much of which was driven by a lower volume in products sold in the automotive and housing construction industries. The operating margin decline was due to reduced fix caused leverage, which outweighed the benefit of productivity initiatives. As weve said, were implementing significant restructuring measures in these businesses in 2009. Now, looking at slide 13, our cash flow slide, we remind you that the company is typically a user of cash in the first half of each year and the source of cash in the second. So the negative free cash flow of the quarter is expected. And free cash flow continues to be relatively stable, declining only slightly versus the first quarter of 2008. And we are steadfastly committed to delivering solid free cash flow this year. As you know were not providing a 2009 earnings forecast. In January, we did provide you with some of the factors that will drive our 2009 results. Slide fourteen provides an update to some of those result factors. Mainly that the currency head win would be 100 basis points lower at current exchange rates and the restructuring savings target for 2009 is now about $5 million higher. So with that, wed be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. (Operator instructions) Our first question, from the line of George Staphos from Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch. You may go ahead, sir.
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Good morning and good afternoon.
Dean Scarborough: Hi, George.
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: First question, I just want to make sure  Dean you said and Im paraphrasing here  that you have a number of things that you expect youll be able accomplish with the generation of the strong free cash flow  a solid free cash flow, as you termed it. And one of them was to pay a dividend. Youre not saying that you wont  wanted to maintain the dividend or is there some chance you might not be able to maintain the dividend at the current level?
Dean Scarborough:
 :
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Just want to double check on that.
Dean Scarborough: No hidden message, George
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Fair enough. Second question, can you comment, at all, in terms of what the sequential volume trends would look like over the course of the quarter? And as we exit it and enter into the second quarter?
Dean Scarborough: Yes, well
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Particularly in RIS and PSM.
Dean Scarborough: Well, RIS, of course is very seasonal so sequential trends really dont tell us much. I would say that the  It looked to me like the year-over-year declines were a little bit worse in the first quarter than in the fourth quarter. Especially in some of the businesses in retail information services that tend to be more hardware related like our printer systems division. The actual apparel business years-over-year declines were roughly consistent. But the  some of the other businesses, pressure sensitive  I think sequentially, above flat. And the other specialties on converting businesses were worst on year-over-year basis. Really starting to get much hit  much harder by automotive and construction. Office products, again, very seasonal, but I would say on a year-over-year basis because our customers did not reduce inventory as much in the first quarter as they did in the fourth quarter you would say, we have a little bit of a benefit there.
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Dan O'Bryant: I would add, George, that as the months progress, most of our businesses felt the greatest weakness in January, as Ive mentioned. And it improved, but even by the time we got to March we were still down in lower double-digits. So we dont have enough of April to declare that it has changed and it was kind of like March. So it improved to different levels in January. And we saw an underlying point of sale data improved in our products  in the office products store as the quarter progress, as well. So things got better at sales, like January with a bottom, but time will tell and were happier to be where we are than what we where in the month of January, anyway. But it was a tough quarter right through the end.
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And just to confirm, March for most of your businesses were still  were still down low-double digits. So sequentially, some improvements still not a great place to be?
Dan O'Bryant: Yes. Thats right.
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Ill turn it over there. Ill be back. Thanks
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JP Morgan Securities. Please proceed.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: Hi. Good afternoon. I hope I didnt  I hope Im not asking Georges question a second time. Previously, I think you said that free cash flow for 2009 would be $260 million to $300 million. Has that changed?
Dan O'Bryan: We did not provide guidance. In the January teleconference we provided a couple of scenarios with different sales declines. Not being in position to forecast the year, those two scenarios did have a  I think it was a $260 million free cash flow and a $300 million, but we indicated that those were not guidance and have not updated that at this time.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: Okay. That was not guidance
Dan O'Bryant: That was not guidance. We have not felt and still dont feel like were in a position to call the volume for the year. So certainly, our free cash flow is going to be impacted by that. But we expect that the free cash flow to be more stable than our earnings have been, certainly. And that was the case in the first quarter. And we still expect to have adequate cash flow for our dividend end to pay some debt down. And well leave it at that, for now until we better view of the outlook for the year.
Eric Leeds: The whole purpose of that  those scenarios that we put out were to show that subject to significant differences and revenue declines we would have differences in EPS declines, but not much difference free cash flow declines or changes in free cash flow  to show that free cash flow is a lot more stable than revenue earnings would be. Just to show some activity (inaudible) around guidance.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: Second thing in  and again, I hope Im not asking the same question again. In retail information systems, usually you have a pretty good idea of what the second quarter would be like by the order of pattern that you see in March and April. What is the order pattern in March and April tells you about the second quarter?
Dean Scarborough: I think its going to be consistent with what weve seen for the last couple of quarters. Retailers are reducing inventories, other sales are down. I think apparel import into the US hit a record low in the fourth quarter of 2008. And I expect those trends to continue for the balance of the year.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: Okay. And in terms of your SG&A expense, it was only down a little bit? Why wouldnt that  why would your SG&A have come down more given how much yourself decreased?
Dean Scarborough: Down, I think the number was $24 million year-on-year and there were some factors involved, but were early on our restructuring process and there is more SG&A coming out as the year progresses. But it did come down on an annualized basis, $100 million or so for the first quarter. So its moving in the right direction.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: Okay. Ill get back in the queue. Thank you very much.
Dean Scarborough: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Peter Ruschmeier from Barclays Capital. Go ahead Sir.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: Thanks and good morning.
Dean Scarborough: Good morning.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: Question, maybe for Dan, coming back to the dividend, I want to just clarify a point. I believe in your slide 13 you indicated free cash flow definition of  I believe is before dividends. And I think that youve said youd have enough free cash flow to pay the dividend next year and to pay down debt. Could just elaborate the debts youre  at least comfortable in earning the dividend and paying down some debt?
Dan OBryant: Well, we have always had cash flow generation engraved in our dividend over the period of the year, not in quarter because of the seasonality. And so were highly focused on the cash flow number and expecting to have working capital as a source of cash. And so, yes, as things stand right now, were still pretty intent on having excess cash after paying the dividend. Again, the economy is going to determine some of that, but that is our target for the year and thats what were working for.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: And I believed if Im not mistaken  I believe youve paid the dividend for decades and without interruption. Im curious if you got to a period where you would not earn the dividend. Is that something meaningful or how do you think about it? Do you think about it over a two or three-year period?
Dan OBryant: Well, first, Ill say its a Board decision whether we paid dividend and how much. Our view and our discussions with the Board have to do with our ability to support the dividend over time, not in a quarter, perhaps, even in a year. They, of course would be concern, as any Board should be, if we are not earning the dividend. If that extended for a long period of time that would impact us. But again, we expect the cash flow to be above the level of dividend and were working for being able to support that. But theyll make that decision. I cant  I cant call it for them, but I think the best evidence of their intent is what they did last week when they sustained the dividend. Weve raised the dividend until this year for 32 consecutive years. So were a company that puts a lot of emphasis on that dividend and we flattened it out this year in line of the economic conditions. So I think our task right now is to maintain that. And thats what were doing so far.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: Very good. Thats helpful. Maybe on the organic sales rate, I believed you said, down 15% in the first quarter, but that January was weaker and March was stronger. Any guidance you can offer on how January order rates compared to March, just so we can get a sense of trajectory.
Dan OBryant: Yes. They were several hundred basis points worse in January. We were on  we declined in high-teens in the beginning of the quarter and the low-teens later in the quarter. So it improved quite a bit, but still double-digit declined by the end of the quarter.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: Okay. And just lastly, given the unusual cyclical weakness this year, any comments you can offer up as to seasonal trends that normally plays out. Do have any visibility in your business to be able to comment on what you would expect as the normal seasonal trends in some of your segments?
Dan OBryant: I think the seasonal trends will all be deferred this year. By that, I mean that when  what I see by retailers right now, in the apparel sector are that theyre bringing in less on new items, at first. So theyre open to buy, orders that have been reduced, and if they sellout and they need more product theyll reorder later. Likewise, on office products where we have a back-to-school seasonal impact, Im anticipating seeing most of that in the third quarter rather than the second quarter, as again retailers had been cautious about how much inventory theyre putting into their stores. So I think all of this is  youre going to see caution, were going to see  I prefer a pushing back of our normal second quarter surge I think into later in the year.
Peter Ruschmeier  Barclays Capital: Okay. Thats very helpful. Ill turn over. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John McNulty with Credit Suisse. You may proceed.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: Hi. Good afternoon, just a couple of quick questions. On the pressure sensitive side, you had talked about seeing price increased at this quarter and that they were offset on the volume side. Can you give us some color as to what the price increases were and if you expect that to become sustainable rate going through the rest of the year? Or if youre starting to see push back on that now?
Dan OBryant: Yes, a couple of factors there. We had a number of price increases related to raw material inflation catch up in the fourth quarter that we pushed through. And then in the first quarter weve had currency related price increases. For example in the UK, and in Latin America where weve seen some pretty dramatic currency shifts, were waiting prices to offset those. Customers always want the lower prices and I dont see anymore aggressive activity in that business than weve seen over the past few quarters.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: Okay. And then with regard to pricing in the RIS segment, can you give us some color as to what you saw in the past quarter there?
Dan OBryant: Yes. Thats a tougher one, John, because its a custom business. I think one  weve seen two major factors. One is that customers are of course ordering less and what they are ordering is certainly smaller quantities per order. And then theres probably more of a shift to customers trying to cut the cost of their tags and labels by making them smaller or using lower cost materials.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thats helpful. And then speaking of materials, with regard to your raw materials, can you comment on what kind of pressure you may have continue to see thats lagged over from the fourth quarter in this past quarter and then where you expect raw materials to go throughout the rest of the year for you?
Dan OBryant: Sure, while we saw inflation impacting us through the fourth, particularly and especially paper lines, it has peaked. Weve started to see some relief in the first quarter, clearly not enough to offset the magnitude of inflation last year. So theres still some progress on margins that we may need to make to get back to where we were. So the good new is we are starting to see the tide turn in many of our categories and slower then others. So I think for the year its hopefully going to be an improvement from where we were our outlook  not our outlook but our scenario that we had in Q1 assumed the neutrality between our pricing and our raw material inflation. It could get better than that before the year is over. Well watch and see.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Tim Thein, Citigroup. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Thein  Citigroup: Yes. Thank you. First question was back on the RIS business, do you  in terms of the sequential trend there, would you  based on what you can see today, do you normally see a nice sequential improvement there? Do you youll be profitable in the second quarter in that business?
Dan OBryant: Well we dont give guidance, and we certainly dont give it on a quarterly basis by business line. I certainly believe that buying will be higher in the second quarter for retail information services than the first quarter. Its happened every year since Ive been around here, and this business has high variable margins. So I do definitely anticipate our earnings will be better in the second quarter versus Q1.
Tim Thein  Citigroup: Okay, and switching gears on the  back to the pricing question that you just alluded to, are you seeing more  Im just thinking in context of a greater private label push that some of the apparel and some of the retailers are driving, are you seeing that? Have you seen that accelerate? And I guess you would see that not only in the cost in consumer, but maybe also in the RIS business. Can you just comment on that?
Dan OBryant: Well, in RIS it really doesnt impact us. I mean we make tags and labels for branded companies. They are private label products for major retailers. So it is really no different  it doesnt make any difference to us in retail information services. In office products actually, it seems to me the last couple of quarters, the share of our products versus private labels actually relatively stable. We haven't lost any share to private label for the last couple of quarters.
Tim Thein  Citigroup: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Reik Read from Robert W. Baird and Co. Please go ahead, sir.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Could you guys just go on back to the cash flow? What kind of modeling assumptions, Dean, have you guys made that would get you to a breakeven cash flow and you know, i.e. if things continue to get worse? Just trying to get us an idea of when the issues you've talked of, you couldn't make dividends or debt payments.
Dean Scarborough: Maybe I can answer that. We've done a tremendous amount of modeling over the last six months. And we've modeled  we've tried to find revenue decline levels that would cause us to hit a breakeven point on pre-dividend free cash flow. You have to be a lot worst over a sustained period of time to get there than we've been so far. So we don't find that mark anywhere near business conditions or today's business conditions. We've modeled it all, Reik, and the nice thing about this company is we are a good cash generator in several of our businesses. Most of our businesses are. And So I don't think that is our issue. We're working to support the dividend. We are doing that so far quite successfully. And I think last year was a record cash flow year for the company and this year ought to be still a good cash flow year for us, unless we see something even more dramatic happen in the market place. So we've modeled it all, and the Board made sure we considered every contingency from the liquidity perspective to a solvency perspective. And as we sit here today, we're still happy that we're generating the cash flow that we are.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. And then Dan, just going back to your comments before about the specialty paper and maybe its showing signs of turning. Is that simply capacity demand coming back in balance or there are some other factors that might be driving that?
Dan OBryant: We've seen tight capacity from suppliers and some of those specially markets. But I think with the very weak demand across the industry, demand is coming down to where the capacity is. And so it's starting to have that influence. Were seeing relief in a few places and hopefully, we'll sustain that for a few quarters here to make a difference to the industry.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of George Staphos of Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead, sir.
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch:  Thanks. Hi, guys. A couple of follow-ons. You mentioned that the business was on plan this quarter in total, did that include RIS or was RIS off your plan?
Dan OBryant: No. it included RIS, the overall company. We anticipated a very soft  remember, its a seasonally  it's our softest quarter by far. And we had planned  where we did make our plans on the top line. So our top line was worst than we anticipated. But frankly, our bottom line was a little better than we anticipated for the quarter so we we're able to adjust our spending in the short term to make our internal numbers.
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. So the $12 million was little bit better than you would expect in terms of the operating loss given the volume hit?
Dan OBryant: You got to remember, we came into the fourth quarter having declined by about 5% for the first two months. And then in December, the bottom fell out. So our expectations were that Q1 was going to be a very tough quarter. And late January, we said that as we started the quarter, it looked a lot like December. And January turned out to be a little bit worse than December. So our expectations were very conservative. We've been managing the company with those very conservative expectations and we continue to do so.
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Now, April is looking much  I don't want to put words in your mouth, but the suggestion to one of the questions that was asked before was that April was fairly similar to March. Does the ramp for RIS typically occur by now? Or did it normally occur much later in the second quarter, late May or June?
Dan OBryant: The comment I made about April looking more like March was that from year-on-year perspective, the growth rate the  without having completed the month yet, looks a lot like March looks. So we haven't seen a big upturn in April. Seasonally, we will get an upturn as Dean pointed out in RIS. So it will improve in that way. But year-on-year, the growth rate is still pretty low.
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. I realize that we are in the depth of a recession for you in terms of retail, one that you have never seen before. There's been a lot of restructuring within the business. You still seem to have confidence within RIS. If were looking three years back from now or into the future I should say, what do you think the normal return in this business is going to be when it's finally restructured? One where were in a normal economy adequate margin standpoint, return capital standpoint?
Dan OBryant: That's a tough question and as you put it in the depths of the recession, here's  if there's a small bright light here, that business actually showed the best variable margins we've seen in that business since we put the combinations together. But unfortunately, volume just overwhelmed any of that benefit. So I'm still optimistic that we can hit again at a normal economic environment, the operating margins that we had initially targeted for that business.
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch:  So 10% is better.
Dan OBryant: Yes.
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch:  If memory serves?
Dean Scarborough: 12% is the target that we're working towards.
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Last question. Ill turn it over. The tax rate obviously was lower than model in the first quarter, you got in to 22% over the rest of the year. Do you think you can sustain this rate for the foreseeable future into 2010, 2011? What kind of conversations if any, have been you having with your representatives and elected official about potential plans by the government to begin to tax foreign earnings to a greater degree? Thanks, guys.
Dan OBryant: I think in this particular quarter, the 2% tax rate is not that meaningful with earnings as low as they were. The percentages moved pretty dramatically without much change in the actual tax expense, but over time, yes I do continue to believe that the rate is sustainable and the in the low 20s we may have days or quarters better than that as well. So I think in low 20s with a bias toward the lower side would be my expectation over the future. We don't have any  not one of the tax authorities is asking our opinion on the tax law. So were not getting much indication. Were obviously watching it closely as we a lot of overseas earnings. Weve got planning in place, but we'll help in whatever situation takes place. But certainly, some of the things being discussed right now would have some impact on us if they actually become law.
Dean Scarborough: We have planned out though to our legislative representative in the House and Senate, that taxing our earnings overseas will have a negative impact on employment in United States. So we've been very clear about that.
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. I appreciate the thoughts, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research Group. Please proceed.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: Good afternoon, guys.
Dean Scarborough: Hi, John.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: Where are you in your discussions with Moodys? Are you all done and were just waiting in the next couple of days for them to say something before the end of the month?
Dan OBryant:
 :
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: Are there any preparations you've made over the past couple of months in the event we get an adverse decision here?
Dan OBryant: Well sure. And we've made quite a few preparations to work toward that not being the case. The high mids that we took down during the first quarters a pretty significant event, reduced our debt and our interest expense quite a bit. Gave us more headroom on our bank covenant, so that's all good. I think having had a relatively strong quarter given the seasonality factors on cash flow is good news. And I think we've got actions in place to ensure that we have the cash and liquidity that we need. If you look at this year, we're spending quite a bit of money on restructuring. That expenditure in 2009 turns to benefit in 2010, so there's good reason to expect our bottom-line performance to improve too. So we are sensitive to the credit rating. Were doing all that is within our reach to protect it. If we dont, its not the end of the world. Itll cost us some money. But wed like to see that not happen. And so were extremely focused on cash flow and intend to do all we can to protect the rating.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: And just lastly, the deferral and fall orders that youre seeing, how far back can things get pushed before you cant make it up even if the economy recovers before the fall?
Dan OBryant: Yes. Thats probably a better question for our customers. That would actually be a good thing because what would happen is thered be a lot of stock outs in retail stores. And then we would start to see retailers beginning to stabilize and then potentially even go inventory. And we see that in the next busy season for us which tends to be in the fall itself.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan Securities. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: Just a few more small questions. Whats your CapEx and software spending this year?
Dan OBryant:
 :
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: So that is a little lower?
Dan OBryant: It could do. Theres still unanswered questions on some key initiatives for the year that could change that number around. So wed choose not to update it for the current quarter. We may by next quarter, but right now that looks like the range will be and perhaps will be for at the low end of that.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: Okay. And in terms of your head count reduction wherein you said you were reducing your workforce about 10%, is the 10% reduction from the 35,700 as of the end of the year? Or is it from the 2007 total? Whats the base?
Dan OBryant: Its the end of the year 2008. Atop that 37,000 number.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: Right. The 35,700 number?
Dan OBryant: Yes. Right now were anticipating around 3,500 or a few more than that in total reduction as we go through 09 and early 2010.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: And is that really mostly out of the RIS business? Or, do your other businesses really get touched as well?
Dan OBryant: Its weighted towards RIS. Theyre the most head counted intensive business that we have certainly. So the savings and the headcount reductions are weighted in that direction. Theres quite a bit also happening in the specialty converting businesses. So all of our businesses are impacted, but it is weighted toward RIS and other specialty converting.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: In the write downs that you expect to take in the second quarter, are they in the tens of millions or the hundreds of millions?
Dan OBryant: In the second quarter, specifically
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: When you do your asset impairment reassessment?
Dan OBryant: Oh, okay. I misunderstood your question.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: Sure. Sorry about that.
Dan OBryant: Its open to say if we had a number and the surety of what that number was, we would have indicated it by now and booked in the earnings release. So you go through a phase one and phase two tasks. We anticipate finishing our first phase and would have an estimate of that number just before the 10-K is filed. So I dont have a good estimate for you. It could certainly be hundreds of millions of dollars but I cant give you anything much more specific than that.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: And are the cash restructuring charges in 2009, ball park about $100 million?
Dan OBryant: Yes. Thats about right. Theres another 30ish or so that is non-cash.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: Another 30. And in the first quarter, were the cash restructuring charges around $15 million?
Dan OBryant: Lets see. There was about $37 million of total charges of which about $15 million to $17 million of that was cash. Thats right.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Securities: Okay, good. Thank you very much for your patience in answering those.
Dan OBryant: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of George Staphos of Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch:  Thanks. I guess two last questions to finish up. Within specialty converting, can you go back to what was the biggest source of negative variance or negative trend in the quarter? You mightve mentioned it but I missed it, whats the latest with RFID. And then the second question is, there have been other companies that have started to see some improvement and even as far as seeing sings of restocking. Within the supply chain I would imagine that at some point, Avery would see that as well if that was truly the trend. What are your thoughts on that? Thanks, guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Dan OBryant: Thanks, George. In other specialty converting we have our highest concentration of automotive and housing related product categories. In some of the automotive categories frankly, we saw buying declines at its highest. 50% to 60%, given the fact that there werent very many cars being built in the US in the first quarter. And thats really where the major impact is. We also have a number of industrial product categories. Again, some of them housing related. Other businesses, again automotive related, just a tough time. The only place Ive seen some relief from the inventory de-stocking, really has been in office and consumer products. We saw a dramatic drop in our sales revenue in the fourth quarter. And its backed by  I actually believed we got a little bit of a pick up in Q1 because our customers reached unsustainable levels of inventory given their demand. And they had some stocks out that they needed to recover from. And POS, also in that business has started to improve. Its still negative, but it looks to me like we turned the tide. So if theres a light in the distance its probably that.
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch:  And RFID?
Dan OBryant: RFID was relatively flat year-over-year. Were still on track in terms of  our business did pretty well last year. We definitely saw a slowdown but weve managed to capture some new application growth.
George Staphos  Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator:
 :
Dan OBryant: Okay. Well, on behalf of all of us, thanks to everyone for joining. And we look forward to speaking with you again.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-27 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric M. Leeds  Head of Investor Relations Dean A. Scarborough  President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Daniel R. OBryant  Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Finance Mitchell R. Butier  Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer & Controller
Analysts: Jeffrey Zekauskas  J. P. Morgan Reik Read  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Joseph Naya  UBS George Staphos  BAS-ML John E. Roberts  Buckingham Research Group Ghansham Panjabi  Wachovia Capital Markets 
Operator: Welcome to Avery Dennisons earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and year ended December 27, 2008. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 2 pm Pacific time today through Midnight Pacific time through January 30, 2009. To access the replay please dial 1-800-633-8284 or 402-977-9140 for international callers. The conference ID number is 21411859. I would now like to turn the call over Eric Leeds, Avery Dennisons Head of Investor Relations.
Eric M. Leeds:  Our discussion today will reference the earnings release that we issued earlier along with the supplemental presentation materials entitled fourth quarter and full year 2008 financial review and analysis. Both documents were furnished today with our 8K and posted at the investor section of our website at www.investor.averydennison.com.  Our news release references GAAP operating margin which includes interest expenses, restructuring and other charges included in the other expense line of our P&L. Also referenced are transition costs associated with acquisition integrations. Restructuring charges and integration transition costs tend to be fairly disparate in amount, frequency and timing. In light of the nature of these items we will focus our margin commentary on pre-tax results before their affect and before interest expense.  This detail is in schedule A2 to A5 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release. Slide 18 of the presentation contains a reconciliation of the affects of acquisition integration costs. We also remind you that well make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to uncertainty. The Safe Harbor statement included in the documents we published today along with our recent Forms 10k and 10Q address the most important risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ from our expectations. Here today are Dean Scarborough, President and CEO; Dan OBryant, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mitch Butier, Corporate Vice President Global Finance. Ill now turn the call over to Dean.
Dean A. Scarborough : While 2008 was tough year I want to emphasis that despite the challenging global economy we did deliver record free cash flow. In response to the economic environment, we are accelerating our cost reduction and productivity initiatives. These actions will reduce our cost structure, increase our competitive advantages, strengthen our balance sheet and add operational flexibility. Despite the recent economic turmoil we will continue to generate robust cash flow and will emerge with even greater market leadership when the economy improves.  Let me just describe some of the actions we are taking. We launched a major restructuring effort in the fourth quarter with a target to achieve more than $150 million of annualized cost savings. Weve eliminated merit increases for 2009 except in countries that have very high inflation or where we are legally required to do so. We are adding free cash flow as a key metric for our management bonus program. New and more aggressive targets have also been set to reduce working capital.  We are reducing capital and IT spending to $135 million which is a 30% reduction from an already reduced level in 2008. We are accelerating our investment in enterprise lean sigma which enables us to capture cost savings while at the same time improving service to customers. Weve renegotiated our loan covenants to improve flexibility and to enable our cost reduction actions and we will soon offer to exchange our HiMEDS convertible securities which would result in further deleveraging.  These actions to improve liquidity assist us in the event of a protracted downturn while generating the cash flow to pay dividends and reduce debt. The uncertainties of todays economies have limited our ability to forecast with confidence our 2009 results. We have no visibility on the timing of a recovery. Raw material and pricing trends are also very difficult to forecast in this environment so our mindset is to prepare for the worst case scenario and to focus on cash generation. In the absence of giving guidance weve provided examples of our scenario planning which indicate that even if recent revenue trends continue, we still generate significant free cash flow. Now, just turning to a quick review of our segments, in the fourth quarter all of our businesses felt the effects of the slowing economy. In each segment customers curtailed orders and in office products in particular worked off inventories to preserve cash.  In pressure sensitive materials after showing signs of improvement earlier in the year, sales declined in the fourth quarter in the US and European markets. Sales in emerging markets continued to grow in the quarter but just slightly as we felt the impact of the slowing economy everywhere in the world. Raw material inflation persisted driven primarily by constrained capacity in specialty paper markets.  Once again, inflation outpaced our price increases and the benefits that we were able to gain from our restructuring and other productivity initiatives. In retail information services, sales declined further in the fourth quarter as retail conditions in North America and Europe continued to decline. Weve essentially completed the Paxar integration, capturing over $120 million in savings. Moving forward well focus on two major initiatives, we are moving quickly to reduce our fixed costs in anticipation of another poor year in retail and apparel. We are also investing in new capabilities to streamline and standardize our order to delivery process. This will enable RIS to provide industry leading service with much lower operating costs. This will require some investment this year but will enable us to achieve our operating margin objectives when the market recovers.  Office product sales continued to decline reflecting the softening retail environment and customer destocking. Inflation continued to put pressure on margins despite increased productivity. Weve carried a fair amount of inflation in this business throughout 2008 and while weve seen some improvement our January price increases are an important step in margin recovery. I want to emphasize that even in the current market conditions we are still investing in key growth programs that are critical to our long term future. Were protecting R&D spending. We are continuing our investments in radio frequency identification and will expand in to the high frequency market later this year. Our entry in to Japan has been enthusiastically endorsed by key customers and partners in that market and we do expect significant growth there in 2009. We are investing in two new decorating technology capabilities in the pressure sensitive business and we have a number of new product introductions slated in our tapes, graphics and RIS businesses. With that, Ill turn the call over to Dan.
Daniel R. OBryant : Lets begin with an overview of full year 2008 on slides four and five of the handout. Reported sales for the full year 2008 were up almost 6.5% with the growth attributable to acquisitions and the benefit of currency translation. Full year sales on an organic basis reflect the progressively softening market conditions faced throughout the year with sales declining just over 3% for the full year. While emerging markets continued to outperform developed markets during the year, the slowdown has been global. Two of our largest businesses, pressure sensitive materials and retail information services were among the first to feel the impact of the recession early in the year. Hopefully theyll also be among the first to feel the turnaround when it occurs. But, as Dean pointed out so far we havent seen much improvement from the fourth quarter run rate. The cost reduction and productivity improvements that were implementing should provide us with significantly increased operating leverage when market conditions do improve.  Let me start with a few comments on 2008 in total and then Ill provide some detail on the fourth quarter. As weve been discussing over the last few quarters we incurred significant raw material inflation in 2008. Approximately $125 million of higher costs than in 2007 combined with a period of weak underlying demand. These were the primary factors that drove 2008s consolidated operating margin down 2.5 points versus 2007. While we were able to get some selling price improvements our price inflation gap is still sizeable. Some are surprised that we are still facing inflationary pressure with pulp and oil prices both declining theres a question of why our material costs havent come down. Most of the materials that we buy, particularly on the paper side are specialty grades. Material suppliers have been reducing capacity, refocusing their businesses and consolidating, keeping material costs up in a number of key raw material areas. So, while we are experiencing relief in some of the materials we procure, the decline in pulp and oil prices have not driven meaningful deflation for us. To help offset the high inflation, we implemented price increases in 2008 and we put in place additional price increases at the start of this year. As were still behind the curve in inflation were continuing to work to reduce material costs through global sourcing and reengineering of our products. While we do believe raw material costs will moderate if the current economic environment persists, it is difficult to predict the timing and the overall impact of raw material declines on our pricing. So, finishing up Slide Four you may recall that at the beginning of 2008 we targeted achieving 85% of the Paxar acquisition synergies by year end with the remainder realized in 2009. As Dean mentioned, the 2008 Paxar integration was essentially complete and as we go forward well have the full $120 million of recurring benefit. Turning now to Slide Five Ill give more specifics on our restructuring plans which once implemented are expected to yield significant recurring savings. Again, our primary goals here are to right size our fixed costs to current market conditions to maximize the operating leverage when market conditions improve. So, in the fourth quarter of 2008 we began to implement a companywide restructuring program targeting more than $150 million in annualized savings over the next two years.  Our actions will impact approximately 10% of the companys global work force and we expect roughly $70 million of incremental restructuring savings from these actions in 2009. We will not be providing a lot of detail on locations and business impact because we have not finished announcing our plans internally. So, summing up 2008 some facts that we think are the best examples of Avery Dennisons resilience to tough market conditions notwithstanding the challenging environment we achieved record free cash flow of $365 million and retained uninterrupted access to capital throughout the market turmoil. We deleveraged our balance sheet by $160 million since our second quarter 2008 acquisition of DM Label. We remained in compliance with our bank covenants and amended the covenants going forward to create a carve out for our restructuring program. The new terms will also provide additional operating headroom for the next couple of years. While on the topic of deleveraging, in a separate news release issued today, we announced that during the first quarter of 2009 we intend to offer to exchange our HiMEDS coverts. While their conversion isnt mandatory until November of 2010, taking the dilution now instead of then is appropriate given the benefits the company will receive from having lower leverage in todays environment.  Now, lets turn to Slide Six to begin the discussion about the fourth quarter of 2008. Reported sales were down 11.8% compared to the prior year. Sales on an organic basis were down 8.1%. currency translation explains four points of the difference with a roughly $0.05 of impact to earnings per share.  While we dont normally talk about the results of months within a quarter, the fourth quarter of 2008 merits exception. Revenue on organic basis declined approximately 4% in October, 5% in November and then 14% in the month of December. In December, 2008 many of our customers just simply shut down. In office products December usually is a strong month for us as customers build inventory ahead of price increases and work to hit volume based rebate tiers. The opposite occurred this December as customers are managing for cash and curtailed their purchases.  While its way too early to predict the first quarter of 2009 I will say that orders are looking a lot like the slow month of December. It appears that the normal holiday slow down has been deeper and has continued through much of January. Weve seen marginal improvement in a few areas over the last week or two but not enough to call a trend. Fourth quarter operating margin before restructuring and asset impairment charges and transition costs declined to just under 5%.  Now, on Slide Seven, adjusted earnings per share of $0.65 in the quarter excludes $0.22 for restructuring charges, asset impairment and transition costs. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was -51% bringing our full year 2008 effective tax rate down to 2%. The -51% in the quarter reflect a net benefit of $25 million from tax planning actions, from changes in tax reserves and statutory rate changes and there were also changes in geographic income mix that impacted both the quarter and the full year rates. Now, the ongoing annual tax rate is expected to be in the low 20% range although it can vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter.  Now let me walk you through the story on fourth quarter sales on Slide Eight. Looking at organic growth trends on a regional basis sales in the US declined approximately 14%. In Europe, sales before currency were down 6%. Asia declined 6% on an organic basis primarily due to the weakness in apparel exports to the US and Europe that impacted retail information services. Our raw materials business in Asia grew very modestly in the quarter. Sales in Latin America were down 6% versus the prior year on an organic basis in part due to retail information services but also due to raw materials.  Looking at margins on Slide Nine, on an adjusted basis operating margin declined to 4.9%. Our price increases in the fourth quarter continued to work in to the inflation gap that weve had all year but the rapid volume decline in most businesses really drove the margin story. Dean has already gone through the segment discussions and weve talked about cash flow so lets skip ahead to Slide 15 where well provide the detail on our covenant amendments. Last we week completed the amendments to our bank agreements which are outlined on Slide 15. These changes enable us to proceed with the restructuring actions that we described and give us more headroom to run the business during this economic cycle. In the fourth quarter we were in compliance with our covenants. On Slide 16 to 17, we list some of the contributing factors to 2009s financial results. Now, were providing these so you can better understand the models in the 2009 section of the news release and at the bottom of Slide 17. While were not providing a 2009 earnings forecast, we do want to provide you with some of the key factors that are going to drive our results over the next year.  Our focus is on generating free cash flow. Weve been reviewing several scenarios to prepare ourselves for a very uncertain outlook. For example, if the fourth quarter 2008 revenue trend continues through 2009, meaning an 8% decline for the year on top of the slow 2008, we could deliver approximately $1 per share of adjusted earnings. Most important, approximately $260 million of free cash flow. If 2009 revenue on an organic basis is down about the same percentage as it was for all of 2008, which was 3%, we estimate approximately $2 per share of adjusted earnings and about $300 million of free cash flow. The good news is that under either scenario we continue to generate free cash flow. Now, before turning the call back to Dean we want to stress that these models are not guidance, they are for illustrative purposes only. With that, let me turn things back to Dean for some additional comments before we take your questions.
Dean A. Scarborough : 2008 was a tough year and I believe that 2009 will be just as, if not more challenging. Now, were fortunate that most of our products are on some kind of consumable rather than durable product. People still buy apparel and shampoo and beer during a recession. Only about 15% of our business is impacted by the durable goods sector.  We are a market leader in most of our core market segments. The strong market positions and competitive advantages enable us to generate strong cash flow in a down market. Were managing the company with a plan for the worst mentality. Were reducing our fixed costs aggressively, were reducing capital spending and focusing management on generating free cash flow. Were taking steps to ensure our liquidity and we are still investing in a few focused areas that will help enable our future success. All this will enable us to endure a protracted downturn if we need to and will enable significant upside when the recovery comes. Now, were happy to take your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jeffrey Zekauskas  J. P. Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas  J. P. Morgan: In the office and consumer products area your profits held up very well excluding charges and I think your sales decreased about $35 million but your operating profits were up a couple of million. How did you do that?
Daniel R. OBryant : Well, we have been raising prices in that business as weve carried the inflation for a good part of 2008 that had not been carried on to customers. Thats part of the equation. Weve also driven a lot of productivity in that business. They are out ahead of the rest of Avery Dennison in terms of their use of enterprise lean sigma principles and that has really driven an awful lot of productivity so theyve managed their business quite well under pretty slow circumstances.
Jeffrey Zekauskas  J. P. Morgan: So there are no asset sales or gains in those numbers?
Dean A. Scarborough : No, those are the real operating numbers.
Jeffrey Zekauskas  J. P. Morgan: If I recall youre now on FIFO instead of LIFO. Are there any FIFO affects that youll feel either in the fourth quarter or in the coming quarter, the first quarter.
Daniel R. OBryant : Im not sure what you mean, weve been on FIFO now for two or three years I think.
Jeffrey Zekauskas  J. P. Morgan: Right but arent your raw materials really going to come down as you purchase new raw materials but what you have to do is use your raw materials in inventory which are much higher costs?
Daniel R. OBryant : When you look at our inventory turns there is a leg between  if youre talking about raw material inflation or deflation, there is a couple month lag from when we procure it to when it actually hits the P&L, if thats your question.
Jeffrey Zekauskas  J. P. Morgan: I guess the restructuring you have, youre going to lay off about 10% of your work force which I think is about 3,700 people but the savings is only about $70 million. Why is the savings so small relative to the number of people?
Dean A. Scarborough : The restructuring that were doing is weighted towards our retail information services business. Weve completed the integration and this next wave of savings there in productivity is going to be substantial. A lot of those people are not in the US, theyre in Asia, many of them in China so there is a little bit a of a disconnect perhaps between the total savings and the total headcount but the real impact on that business is the improvement it will have on our customer service. We really are driving a transformation of that business that will benefit us in the market place. But thats why the dollars and the headcount may not run parallel.
Jeffrey Zekauskas  J. P. Morgan: Lastly, whats the gap that youve got between your raw material price inflation and your pricing either for the 2008 year or for the quarter?
Daniel R. OBryant : Weve been running with a gap of about $20 to $25 million a quarter if you started back to the beginning of 2008 looking forward. We made a little progress against that in the quarter. We raised our prices on an annualized basis of about $50 to $55 million. We saw inflation in the quarter of about $10 million less than that so we closed the gap a bit but not substantially and weve raised prices in several of our businesses again in January.  Hopefully, well see raw materials begin to turn in our favor and that will give us some benefit over the next couple of quarters but right now were fighting most of that margin gap that weve been fighting all year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Reik Read  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: In your slides you talk about some incremental weakening in the apparel market in Europe. Can you spend a little time and tell us what youre seeing there? 
Dean A. Scarborough : Well basically the same thing weve been seeing in the US for the last couple of quarters. I think Europe is behind the US in terms of recessionary trends by at least a quarter or two and consumers are spending and its showing up in the retail statistics.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: But theres nothing beyond what you view as the market trend?
Dean A. Scarborough : No.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Last quarter you talked about a lot of the RFID projects that you have in the pipeline which is pretty sizeable, perhaps as many as 30, but their significantly weighted towards the apparel market. How has that weakness in that market impacting those projects at this point?
Dean A. Scarborough : Well, as you might guess, in this environment retailers are being cautious about spending money. Their reducing their capital budgets. Although, my sense in talking to some of the retailers is theyre still going to be spending some money on information technology because customers, even though theyre buying less still expect to have good service in the stores. So, I think what well see is a continuation of pilots. We havent seen that many cancellations. Weve seen delays or slower rollouts in the business so still interest in RFID but I would just say overall more caution in the current environment.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: You mentioned Dean in your prepared remarks that you were going to do more in the way of high frequency later in the year. Is that going to be done with existing equipment or will you need some additional capital?
Daniel R. OBryant : No, it will be done with our existing equipment.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Then the last question on the RFID space with Invigo announcing a $0.058 inlay how is that something that you guys need to respond to and how might that impact the RFID loss?
Dean A. Scarborough : Oh gosh, its not that big of a deal and weve got plenty of productivity in that business. Were still planning to see a reduction in the RFID loss for 2009.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joseph Naya  UBS. 
Joseph Naya  UBS: I was just wondering if you could give us any kind of guidance of how we should be thinking about pension going forward?
Daniel R. OBryant : Sure, we will see some pension cost increases this year. The P&L affect of that will be about $10 million so its not substantial. Well make some cash contributions as well, we expect to put in about $25 million in to the plan this year. Weve done a couple of things to reduce the impact or the potential negative impact of the pension. First off, we have had two plans operative in the company for the last almost two decades and we have now merged those two plans together. One was substantially over funded last year and the other was under funded. Of course, in the environment were in today theyre both under funded but this takes a lot of the pressure off having to manage the one plan that has traditionally not been as well funded. Secondly, we have frozen the defined benefits plan now for all future employees and moved to defined contribution plans which will also take some pressure off. In a down year like the year were in we certainly have had some impact but I think were managing it as carefully as we can and the P&L impact this year will not be so substantial.
Joseph Naya  UBS: Just curious on the kind of $1, $2 EPS number that you threw out there given the different scenarios, does that incorporate additional shares for the HiMEDS?
Dean A. Scarborough : Sure. Yes, it does.
Joseph Naya  UBS: Can you give us an idea kind of what youre thinking there?
Dean A. Scarborough : Well the original terms of the HiMEDS provides for first of all a conversion in November 2010 but there was a maximum number of shares that could be converted which was 8.6 million shares. We will be offering something in that range with other consideration so weve modeled something like that in to these scenarios but of course the way the HiMEDS turns out is a bit dependent upon the offer and how well it is received. That also assumes that 100% of those are exchanged and well probably get something less than 100% once were finished with this.
Daniel R. OBryant : So the added share count is the take and the put is the interest expense savings.
Operator:  Your next question comes from George Staphos  BAS-ML.
George Staphos  BAS-ML: I guess maybe related to Ricks question there, within the free cash flow range that you provide for the scenario ranges that you provided, does that also incorporate any cost for restructuring? So, in other words that $260 or $300 free and clear or would we then have to back out something for restructuring down the road?
Mitchell R. Butier : No, thats got the restructuring built in to it as well. We have the restructuring built in to it for the free cash flow on the earnings per share before the restructuring charges.
George Staphos  BAS-ML: In terms of the covenant adjustment, can you remind me, maybe it was in the presentation, what did you have to pay to have that flexibility built in to the covenant?
Daniel R. OBryant : Well, the biggest impact is on the interest rate associated with the term loan now which goes up to 225 basis points over LIBOR. 
George Staphos  BAS-ML: What was it before?
Daniel R. OBryant : Well, we were running around 50 basis points or a little bit lower so its nearly 200 basis points added on. Weve been well below market on our variable interest for the last couple of years. This brought us basically back to market.
Mitchell R. Butier : The new term loan, by the way we attached the amendment to the 8K that was filed today so you can see them there, their exhibits. The term loan has a modest amortization of about $60 million annually so well be reducing indebtedness not just in the revolving credit facility but also in the term loan. There were customary amendment fees.
George Staphos  BAS-ML: With the restructuring program, what kind of volume environment would you need to see to net that benefit to the bottom line so that we could actually see it in the results? Obviously Paxar, you generated the synergies that you thought you would, its been such a difficult volume environment we havent necessarily seen it in the EPS results. If were saying down 3% to down 8% revenue growth organically lets say, does much of that $115 million benefit get to the bottom line or do you need to be growing in line with GDP at that point?
Dean A. Scarborough : The biggest question and the thing we cant answer because we dont have any visibility is the volume. So, the cost take out is basically against our current cost level. Thats the way I look at it and the $64,000 question is how much drops to the bottom line and that has to do an awful lot with the amount of volume that we get.
Daniel R. OBryant : I think part of your question George goes back to the kinds of savings that were coming out during the integration of Paxar. Some of those were volume dependent because they were raw material savings and we only got them if volume stayed where it had been. Theres little, if any, of that in the restructuring. This is really fixed costs that were taking out so its not so volume sensitive.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John E. Roberts  Buckingham Research Group.
John E. Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: Are there any new analysis that youve been able to do to track that channel inventory of labels either looking at turnover of retailers or some other metric that would give you a sense that youre bottoming in the supply chain there? Because obviously I think the labels are coming out of the supply chain at retail faster than theyre going in to the supply chain from you.
Dean A. Scarborough : Youre talking specifically John about the pressure sensitive business?
John E. Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: Well both, youve got the issue I think on both sides, dont you?
Dean A. Scarborough : We have it everywhere actually. Here is the issue, and pressure sensitive in the roll business, remember were selling to thousands of customers that are selling to tens of thousands of end users so its almost impossible to track that. I can just tell you anecdotally in talking to customers what theyre saying the behavior of their customers is pretty much ordering a lot less and more frequently.  I mean Ive had customers just tell me my normal order size has been cut in half. So, people are just being very, very cautious about inventory levels. In retail information services again, heres another business where you dont have a lot of forward visibility but fundamentally what were seeing is retailers cutting their open to buy requirements for future seasons so again, I think retailers are going to be extremely cautious about putting products in to inventory until they feel the consumer is ready to begin spending again. There was an amazing amount of discounting going on this last holiday season.
John E. Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: Is there a minimum order size maybe that you could watch that as you said customers are ordering in small amounts more frequently thats there. Is that stabilized at least? Im just trying to think what kind of metrics you might look at to get a sense of stability along the supply chain?
Dean A. Scarborough : Well order sizes in retail information services continued to drop. Some of that is driven by a trend from many retailers to have more season. Instead of having four seasons a year they replenish their stores more frequently and obviously some of it is just the fact that theyre reducing their inventory levels so its really difficult. Customers dont tell you when they place their orders on how theyre thinking. So, I think this is going to continue, smaller order size is going to continue to be a trend.
John E. Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: Just to check the math here and I think this is right, youve got two scenarios here with a $1 a share difference in EPS for a 5% swing in revenue so I can assume a 1% swing in revenues is $67 million of sales is $0.20 a share roughly. As you back that up through the P&L its like a low 40% variable margin.
Dean A. Scarborough : John, I wouldnt describe that kind of decimal point accuracy. The reason we built these scenarios is to understand what kind of liquidity and what kind of fixed cost reduction we would need to generate strong cash flow even in a very serious downturn. So, thats the way were looking at it.
John E. Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: So if I wanted to assume half way between mathematically it would work out to have way between $1 and $2 if I had a sales decline of say 4.5%.
Daniel R. OBryant : When we were looking for scenarios we might put in front of you it was less about where we thought the high end and low end would come out but looking for trends. So, the 8% trend is a continuation of what we saw in the fourth quarter that would last all the way through the year. It was not intended to be the bottom end of a range, it was simply if things keep looking like theyre looking how do things come out.  Looking on the other end we used the average for the year which would be a bit of a recovery up to the 3% decline level. So, finding the midpoint on there was not what our intention was. We were just trying to look at the trends that weve been experiencing and evaluate how those might look if they lasted for the year.
John E. Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: I understand I was just asking if it was somewhat linear between  so I, if my own assumptions wanted to assume a 5.5% decline or half way between your two scenarios I would come up a number that might be half way between your two scenarios on EPS.
Daniel R. OBryant : That sounds reasonable.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi  Wachovia Capital Markets.
Ghansham Panjabi  Wachovia Capital Markets: Back to the adjusted EPS and free cash flow slide, can you help us understand why theres only a $40 million swing in free cash flow with the different EPS scenarios $1 versus $2? And also isolate for us how much cash restructuring charges are embedded in there? You may have mentioned that I might have missed that.
Daniel R. OBryant : To the first part of your question, Ill try to remember the second part when we get there but, our cash flow is a lot more stable than our earnings might be under the circumstances and that has shown to be the case. If sales are stronger then were going to require more working capital and while the income may produce higher earnings some of that will get absorbed in to the balance sheet and the opposite is true if sales decline more significantly.  So, theres a bit of an offsetting factor in that respect between what the cash flow would be and what the earnings would be. In our numbers as far as restructuring, weve assumed that well spend most of the roughly $120 to $130 million during 2009. We used some of that in the fourth quarter already, a number in the neighborhood of $15 million, most of the difference over $100 million would be used during 09.
Ghansham Panjabi  Wachovia Capital Markets: That includes a non-cash component, right?
Daniel R. OBryant : In the earnings it does not. We have not included the affects of the restructuring charges cash or non-cash in the earnings side in the cash flow weve taken the cash component.
Ghansham Panjabi  Wachovia Capital Markets: Also, just looking at the many sort of theorized scenarios for the global economy at this point, the most obviously one relates to an extended period of retail and industrial weakness. Has that prompted any conversation on the dividend policy at the board level?
Dean A. Scarborough : Well the board certainly realizes the importance of the dividend to investors and in fact that is one of the reasons we are so focused on cash flow. I think the good news in almost any scenario is that we have cash flow significant to pay a dividend and to pay down debt even in a very, very poor year. But, its certainly something that the board talks about.
Operator:  Your next question comes from George Staphos  BAS-ML.
George Staphos  BAS-ML: Can you tell us are there any additional steps or ways that you need to manage your restructuring when more of the headcount is coming from a place that is farther away from your main markets like China or Asia? Or, is it pretty much the same protocol, the same procedure since youve done it so many times you have so many processes in place already?
Dean A. Scarborough : Unfortunately, its the latter so were pretty good at executing restructuring and integration plans. A lot of the integration plans that weve done or Paxar were in markets outside the US. In Europe actually are what are the most complex but that is also where we have a lot of experience, it just takes longer and it costs more. 
George Staphos  BAS-ML:   So from a control standpoint you dont feel that you have any more or less issues to worry about given that youre cutting out a fair amount of heads from over in Asia?
Dean A. Scarborough : I dont really feel a lot of execution risk there.
George Staphos  BAS-ML: Maybe one last question, obviously were in the midst of a significant down turn, my sense is probably RIS added a little bit more volatility to the downside given the end markets that it was in. Hopefully, this will also add upside volatility when markets recover. If we look at out in to the future, if RIS doesnt perform as you ultimately expect it will presently, is that a business that ultimately could be separable from the rest of Avery Dennison? And, are there any parts within Avery that for whatever reason could not come out from the overall parent and whole of the organization?
Dean A. Scarborough : George, were not throwing in the towel. A, I still think this business is a good business. We have, even in this dark hour, this is the worst retail recession in at least three or four decades. When you talk to retailers theyre really feeling it. I do think, and this is a little bit of a paradox, there is a lot of business transformation we can execute in retail information services by streamlining and standardizing a lot of processes. Both Paxar and our business were built up over the years with a lot of acquisitions in a very decentralized manner and the reality is that we can run this business in a much more standardized way with a little bit of information technology and a lot of process discipline and improvement that will generate the kind of savings that we got in the integration process. This slow period actually gives us the ability to execute a lot of change in the business without disrupting customer service. We knew we were going to do this anyway, we were going to take a number of years to do it but were going to accelerate our plans and get that in place. In the future, retailers are going to need smaller order sizes delivered more frequently and with even more accuracy. There are going to be more demands for information technology with things like RFID and were really in a unique position with that business. I think when the economy recovers, certainly in retail were going to see a huge rebound in a business that has very high variable margins along with the opportunity to reduce costs. So, thats our vision. Its going to take us a couple of years I think to show the reality of that vision but we intend to be there.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Reik Read  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Just off the comments you guys made before on specialty paper and the capacity there, do you have any visibility in to what those vendors may be telling you? Are they still cutting or is it at least a stable situation and its more market dependent now?
Dean A. Scarborough : My view is probably a couple of months old. This has been going on for a while. Its mainly a US phenomenon where we had a lot of paper companies bought out by private equity companies. Theyve shed underperforming assets, theyve cut capacity, theyve also frankly when the dollar was low, theyve had a lot of other markets that have looked a little more attractive than selling in the US. As the dollar starts to strengthen a bit and as overall demand starts to go down, Im figuring that things will likely change but so far they havent. Were sure working hard to find alternatives and we will because we have in other markets.
Operator:  Mr. Leeds, Ill turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Eric M. Leeds:  Thank you everyone for joining. Have a good day.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and kindly ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Leeds - Investor Relations Dean A. Scarborough - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Daniel R. O'Bryant - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President - Finance
Analysts: Analyst for Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities Reik W. Read - Robert W. Baird  Joseph Naya - UBS Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities John Roberts - Buckingham Research  George Staphos - Banc of America Securities Rob Felice - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Welcome to Avery Dennisons earnings conference call for the third quarter ended September 27, 2008. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennison's Head of Investor Relations. 
Eric Leeds: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Our discussion today will reference the earnings release that we issued earlier, along with the slide presentation titled third quarter 2008 financial review and analysis. Both documents were furnished today with our 8-K and posted at the investors section of our website at www.investors.averydennison.com.  Our news release references GAAP operating margin, which includes interest expense, restructuring, and other charges included in the other expense line of our P&L. Also referenced are transition costs associated with acquisition integration.  Restructuring charges and integration transition costs tend to be fairly disparate in amount, frequency, and timing. In light of the nature of these items, we will focus our margin commentary on pretax results before their effect and before interest expense. This detail is in schedules A-2 to A-6 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings release.  Slide 16 of the presentation contains a reconciliation of the effects of acquisition integration costs. We will also remind you that we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to uncertainty.  The Safe Harbor statement included in the documents that we published today, along with our recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, address the most important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations.  Here today are Dean Scarborough, President and CEO; Dan O'Bryant, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mitch Butier, Corporate Vice President, Global Finance. I will now turn the call over to Dean. 
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Eric and good morning. As all of you know, the economic and market challenges that we faced during the first two quarters have worsened. As we navigate this economic storm, I am confident we are taking the steps that will enable us to continue to strengthen the foundations of our business for the long-term and in the near-term to increase our free cash flow to record levels.  Our strong cash flow gives us the flexibility to invest in future growth platforms and to pay down debt. Importantly, despite the difficult credit markets, our access to capital remains good.  As we look at the road ahead, we are reducing our outlook for the balance of the year. This mainly reflects rapidly rising raw material costs and our expectation of further deterioration in economic conditions.  Reviewing our business segments, we saw a sequential slowing in the growth of pressure sensitive materials. Emerging markets continued to grow and in the quarter, more than offset the decline in U.S. sales and a flat European market. The weakness in the quarter was partly due to packaged goods companies holding off on new product launches and redesigns. We do expect this activity to resume when consumer confidence increases and the economy begins to rebound.  In addition, raw material inflation continued to escalate for our pressure sensitive business, outpacing price increases, restructuring, and other productivity initiatives. We are raising prices again this quarter and at the beginning of the year in several of our businesses.  Despite the recent decline in oil prices, inflationary pressures have not abated. Reduced capacity in specialty papers and hurricane related shortages in some specialty chemicals have continued to drive higher raw material costs.  Retail information services was again impacted by slow retail conditions in North America, as well as a further slowing in Europe. Retailers are responding to slow apparel sales by dramatic reductions in their inventories. This impact caused an unprecedented 7% drop in sales for the quarter. We are taking additional actions to reduce fixed costs in this business, as well as raising prices.  Despite the extraordinary downturn in the apparel market, RIF continues to build competitive advantages in data management, its global footprint, quality, and customization. We do expect this business to deliver strong growth with expanding margins when the U.S. and European apparel markets return to normal.  Turning to office products, our team had a challenging quarter. It faced continued market softness with organic sales declining by approximately 4%. This decline reflected weak consumer demand in retail and slowing in the commercial channel. The back-to-school season, which spans across the second and third quarters, was down year over year.  Inflation also impacted office products. This inflation was partially offset by price increases and increased productivity. Additional price increases will take effect on January 1st.  Despite a tough environment for office products, the business continues to leverage its powerful Avery brand and proprietary products to be an outstanding cash flow generator with low capital requirements.  In our other specialty materials and converting businesses, which comprise less than 10% of our revenue, we saw sales declines because of softness in automotive and housing construction.  The RFID business continues to grow rapidly. Revenues for RFID inlays tripled in the quarter, driven primarily by orders for item level tracking and apparel, as well as other supply chain programs. We do continue to see growing interest in RFID, mainly in the retail industry, where we have approximately 15 pilot programs currently underway.  We continue to push ahead with the Paxar integration. It remains on track to deliver $120 million in cost savings. Although RIS currently faces a difficult operating environment, the Paxar deal offers clear cost advantages and a more effective and efficient global footprint. The acquisition remains an important strategic move that has extended our market presence and solidified our leadership position.  Our priorities in this environment are fixed cost reduction and improving cash flow. ELS is building momentum across the organization and we expect our rate of productivity to further accelerate.  We are further trimming capital expenditures and working capital and we are planning additional cost reduction actions, including reduced work hours and reduced spending in most areas. But we also continue to invest in the future, focusing on promising growth platforms, such as emerging markets, retail information services, and RFID, which will help position us solidly for the economic recovery.  For example, we recently announced a new pressure sensitive materials distribution center in Japan to leverage our low-cost Asia manufacturing platform.  Now Ill turn the call over to Dan for a more detailed review of our third quarter financial results and our revised outlook for the remainder of the year. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Thanks, Dean. Lets begin with the financial overview on slides 5 and 6 of the handout. Net sales were up 2.6% due to the benefits of the DM Label acquisition and currency translation. On an organic basis, sales declined 2.4% compared to the prior year and Ill provide some color on that in just a few moments.  Operating margin before charges and transition costs declined by 240 basis points versus prior year. The year-on-year decline in margin reflects raw material inflation and reduced fixed cost leverage, partially offset by productivity improvements and pricing actions. We anticipate continued declines in operating margin in the fourth quarter, which I will discuss more in the context of our guidance.  Our annual tax rate is now expected to be in the 8% to 10% range for 2008, subject to changes in our geographic income mix. We believe a tax rate in the range of 17% to 19% will be sustainable for at least the next few years, reflecting our geographic income mix and other efforts.  Now let me walk you through the story on top line sales on slide seven. As I said, reported sales were up 2.6% compared to the prior year. Currency translation added 4.5 points of top line growth and $0.03 of earnings to the quarter.  Looking at organic growth trends on a regional basis, sales in the U.S. declined approximately 5.5%. In Europe, sales before currency were down about 3%. Sales in Asia grew just over 0.5% on an organic basis, slower than in Q2 primarily due to the weakness in apparel exports to the U.S. and Europe that impacted retail information services.  Our roll materials business in Asia grew double-digit but its growth did slow sequentially, reflecting the global nature of the current economic environment. Sales in Latin America were up 5% versus the prior year on an organic basis, which is in line with the growth rate at second quarter.  Taking a look at margins on slide 8, on an adjusted basis operating margin declined by 240 basis points. Slide 9 summarizes the key factors driving the change in company-operated margin.  Excluding integration costs, gross margin declined by 270 basis points compared to the prior year. The primary driver has been the rapid raw material inflation that weve been talking about all year. While our selling prices are now on the rise in just about every business, increased raw material inflation continues to outpace our price increases. And of course we are feeling the effects of reduced fixed cost leverage while we continue to accelerate productivity improvements.  This is a time when our enterprise lean sigma process really makes a difference but even with our best efforts, we wont be able to completely offset the level of inflation we are experiencing. We are well underway in the planning for additional cost reductions.  We estimate that raw material costs were up about $40 million in the quarter, compared to the same period last year. For 2008, we have raised our estimates for raw material inflation from last quarters $110 million to a current estimate of approximately $125 million, with most of the increase impacting the fourth quarter, and Ill comment further on that when I talk about our earnings guidance.  Turning now to operating expenses, before integration costs, MG&A expenses as a percentage of sales improved by 20 basis points compared to the prior year, which partially offset the gross margin decline. Absolute spending on MG&A was up about $4 million before integration expense. The combination of currency translation, MG&A related to the DM Label acquisition, and incremental amortization of acquisition intangibles represented more than the entire increase. We offset a portion of these higher costs with general inflation -- along with general inflationary pressure through our productivity efforts.  Turning to segments on slide 10, pressure sensitive materials reported revenue growth of 8% to $936 million. Organic sales growth was approximately 1%, reflective of economic conditions and a reduction in new product launches and redesigns by packaged goods companies, consistent with the weak retail environment.  Looking at organic sales growth trends for the roll materials business, North America declined low-single-digit and Europe was flat versus last year. The majority of this business right now is in Western Europe and North America.  Europe was accelerating in the first half of the year but in Q3 it slowed and we expect that slowing to continue. Most of our emerging market businesses delivered solid growth but the trend is weakening, reflective of the global impact of economic softness.  The graphics and reflective business was down mid-single-digits before currency. This business was more cyclical than the others with the U.S. market slowing the most. Excluding restructuring and other items, operating margins for our pressure sensitive materials business declined 260 basis points versus the prior year to 6.9%. The decline in pressure sensitive materials margin reflected increased cost inflation and negative product mix that more than offset the initial benefits of this years price increases, as well as restructuring and other productivity initiatives.  Now as we said last quarter, we believe that there was a substantial risk of more inflation in the future and that has been the case. While we continue to raise prices, we no longer expect that our pricing will have caught up with inflation by the end of the year.  Now lets turn to retail information services on slide 11 -- reported sales for retail information services were $379 million. Organic sales, as Dean said, were down about 7%, namely due to continued weakness in the domestic apparel market and a slow-down in Europe.  Our major concern here is the decline in consumer confidence. Retail information services has very high variable margins so volume declines have a big impact on our bottom line. Operating margin before transition costs, restructuring, and asset impairment charges declined 170 basis points to 1.6%. Integration savings, along with other productivity actions, were more than offset by the combined effect of reduced fixed cost leverage from lower revenues, employee related and raw material cost inflation, and about $2 million of incremental intangible amortization.  Now on slide 12, weve already discussed much of whats impacted our office and consumer business, as reported sales were down 2% from a year ago and organic sales were down approximately 4%, reflecting soft end market demand at retail and in our commercial business. Corporate belt-tightening does impact this segment. Of course, this years back-to-school season was soft, although we did fair relatively well in mass-market retail.  Ex restructuring charges and other items, operating margins declined 150 basis points to 17%. While the environment is working against us, this business continues to benefit from its strong competitive advantages and operational efficiency. Here to pricing remains behind inflation. Additional price increases are scheduled to take effect January 1st.  Let me move on to slide 13 for a look at our cash flow. Using our strong free cash flow, we reduced indebtedness approximately $100 million in the quarter. Because currency translation had an offsetting effect on shareholder equity in the quarter, our ratio of debt to total capital on September 27th was again 51.9%.  We continue to reduce working capital, which is helping us in the current demand slow-down. Year-to-date, cash from operations has improved by nearly $80 million. In addition to working capital improvement, year-to-date capital expenditures were reduced by nearly $40 million, offset by about $10 million of higher software spend.  Now on slides 14 and 15, weve set out our revised outlook for the remainder of the year. As a result of increased inflation, weaker segment mix, and our expectation that third quarter trends will continue into the fourth quarter, we have recalculated adjusted EPS for the full year to a range of $3.15 to $3.35 a share. The key issues for the balance of the year will be demand, inflation, and our price increases. We obviously still have a price inflation gap. Factored into this guidance are productivity increases, Paxar synergies, and restructuring benefits. We are expecting operating margins around 7%.  Currency benefits our top line for the year by 4% and weve lowered the tax rate for the full year guidance to 8% to 10%.  Net of currency and acquisitions, we now expect 2008 sales to be down approximately 2%. A 2% revenue decline with 7% operating margins is nothing we are proud of and not reflective of what this company has delivered, nor is it what we expect it will deliver under normal market conditions. Nonetheless, when we consider the current extraordinary environment and factor in our expectation that well deliver record free cash flow this year, it makes us feel good about the very hard work of all of our employees and the enormous resilience of the Avery Dennison franchise.  Now with that, let me turn the call back to Dean for some additional thoughts. 
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Dan. We will continue taking steps to navigate the near-term challenges of a weakening global economy. We are aggressively adjusting pricing to reflect the rising cost environment and although we still have a gap between cost increases and price realization, we are getting increases without losing market share and I remain confident that we will close the gap.  We are accelerating our enterprise lean sigma program, which is enabling us to both reduce costs and to serve customers better. We have significantly tightened our belts, reducing hours and discretionary spending, and if this environment persists, we will accelerate structural cost reductions to further reduce fixed costs.  As a result of these efforts, and reflecting the underlying strength of our core businesses, we are achieving record free cash flow. This strong cash flow gives us greater financial flexibility in this environment and enables us to better adapt to the rapidly evolving economic situation.  Our near-term focus will be on enhancing cash flow and improving margins in this environment. We will use this cash flow primarily to reduce debt and to invest in critical growth programs, such as RFID and emerging markets. We have a strong global presence and reputation and as Ive said in the past, the tougher times get, the more customers rely on strong partners and the more opportunity we have to attract new customers, even while overall volume may decline.  Now were happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from Jeffrey Zekauskas with J.P. Morgan.
Analyst for Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Good afternoon. This is [Silka] for Jeff. I have a couple of questions -- can you speak about how much pricing youve achieved year over year, or how much was price out of the organic growth, maybe for the company as a whole and maybe you can also clarify this on a segment basis?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: We have gotten price increases through, not as much as we would like to have seen but prices are rising. We had about $15 million roughly in the quarter of price increases across our businesses. It happened in office products and several of our materials business -- it was really spread throughout most of the company and as we speak, we are still in the process of implementing some of those increases with more planned in January. 
Analyst for Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Secondly, on the RIS business, the -- do you have any read yet on forward order patterns? I understand its a question every quarter and I know its difficult to tell but [you know you are going to] like your seasonally stronger quarter in the fourth quarter and is there any improvement at all or should we just be very cautious for the fourth quarter and also going into next year for the next six months?
Dean A. Scarborough: For U.S. business, in other words, business that is sourced from Asia primarily going into the U.S., we actually saw quarter over quarter, it was about flat. In other words, we didnt see additional reductions during the third quarter. Where we did see additional weakness was in Europe, so our forecast certainly for the fourth quarter basically anticipates about the same level of weakness that we saw in Q3 going forward into Q4. 
Analyst for Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: And a last question, the -- on your short-term debt, the [inaudible] million outstanding in short-term debt, how much of that is commercial paper still at this point and whats [sort of like in the U.S. debt], you know, whats off-shore debt?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: We still have between $200 million and $300 million roughly in commercial paper outstanding right now, so we are in the market. Its been a rough market but weve been able to still achieve our funding most days. 
Analyst for Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay, thanks very much. Ill get back into queue. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Reik Read with Robert Baird & Company. 
Reik W. Read - Robert W. Baird : Good morning. Can you guys just talk a little bit more about the raw material inflation? And I guess a couple of questions out of that is Dean, I think as part of your comments, you mentioned specialty paper capacity had come down. Can you talk about whats happening there and what might be the pace of the paper changes when that might level out? And then with oil coming down, when might you think that youd see some relief in that category?
Dean A. Scarborough: Sure, Reik. Remember, in terms of our total raw material cost, about half is paper and then maybe a little higher than that, and then we have about 25% films and then the balance are specialty chemicals and resins. So in the U.S. specifically, a lot of specialty paper capacity has come out of the marketplace with a number of consolidations and capacity takedowns. So we still are seeing price increases in that sector and expect it going forward as well.  And then in the specialty chemical and resin area, we did see some hurricane related shortages show up. I think that will be a blip. As capacity comes back online, it will probably take a couple of quarters to sort out. And I just think theres a lag effect on the oil based commodities. We do expect to start to see some relief on oil-based commodities, especially around films, I would say going forward. Oil prices went up so fast I think a lot of the suppliers never really recovered back to a normal margin level, so we are still seeing that.  Now this may seem a little counter-intuitive but as far as paper prices going up, I think thats actually a good thing for us in the pressure sensitive business because everyone in the marketplace is feeling those pressures and frankly it gives us encouragement that the additional price increases that we announced will go forward. 
Reik W. Read - Robert W. Baird : With oil having come down as much as it has as quickly as it has, has there been any build-up in resistance to those price increases, understanding what you just said about paper?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, sure -- I mean, the knee-jerk reaction by every customer is oil prices are down and therefore you shouldnt have to raise prices but the reality is again, remember that films against the oil-based process is only about 25% of our spend. 
Reik W. Read - Robert W. Baird : Okay, and then just one more question for me -- you had mentioned a couple of times that the mix in PSM has been fairly negative. Can you talk a little bit about whats been driving that? And when have you seen historically that that negative mix shift tends to bottom? 
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, the mix is towards -- I should say the highest margin part of the portfolio are squeezable films that are used mainly in consumer packaged goods and generally we see an up-tick when we see more package and brand redesigns, which a lot of people have just frankly put on hold. So generally, once the economy starts to rebound and people do package changes and rebranding, we see an up-tick. So its usually pretty much a coincident indicator with the economy. 
Reik W. Read - Robert W. Baird : Okay, great. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Naya with UBS.
Joseph Naya - UBS: I was just wondering if you might be able to comment on kind of what you saw in terms of any changes in demand throughout the quarter and maybe what you are seeing so far in October, if youve seen any trends or shifts there. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, it certainly slowed in September. You know, we came out mid-September and said that it had been fairly slow in July and August, the slowest we had seen in quite some time, in fact. It slowed significantly more in September. I think September has been the newsiest month on the economic front in a long, long time and everybody has reacted to that simultaneously, so we saw things slow in September. Its continuing into October and our expectation is that the fourth quarter is going to be pretty tough. 
Dean A. Scarborough: In fact, softer overall in terms of volume than the third quarter, so we expect customers to continue to significantly reduce inventories and be very cautious about what they buy.  Just some anecdotal things from some of our customers in the label converting business, they were saying that customers are ordering in smaller lots even more frequently than ever before, so being very cautious about any type of inventory build. 
Joseph Naya - UBS: So you are to a certain extent maybe seeing some continued destocking there, or at least very careful management?
Dean A. Scarborough: Absolutely. 
Joseph Naya - UBS: Okay, just one last quick one on capital spending -- what should we be looking for going forward?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, we havent locked down the 2009 year yet. This year weve continued to reduce capital. Well be in the $160 million to $170 million range with both fixed capital and IT capital this year, significantly lower than we expected to spend coming into the year. I suspect well be able to keep something like that or better in 09. 
Joseph Naya - UBS: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Wachovia.
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: Can you talk about whether you are taking increased downtime in the fourth quarter as you try to sort of match your inventory levels with what is actually occurring at the end market level? It seems like this downturn has just become self-fulfilling and customers are just reacting towards an expected lousy holiday shopping season and so are sort of changing their order patterns simultaneously. So Im just curious on your manufacturing side if you are adapting to the same environment. 
Dean A. Scarborough: Absolutely -- in fact, weve been in the process of not only doing that but we are reducing our own inventory so our working capital is also improving and that is certainly what we are planning for the fourth quarter. So we are being very conservative, reducing work hours, down shifts, et cetera, et cetera, pretty much across the board. 
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: And in terms of the slow down across the emerging markets, was that tilted towards September? Was it sort of consistent throughout the quarter? Any thoughts there?
Dean A. Scarborough: I think it was pretty consistent across the quarter. I was in Asia a couple of weeks ago and our businesses there are feeling essentially the same impacts that the U.S. is feeling, albeit on a different scale. So sales have definitely slowed down and customers are reporting softer business conditions and they are starting to feel the impact of inflation as well. 
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: Okay, great. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: In your short-term debt or any long-term debt that moves into short-term debt, are there any resets or restrictions that we need to think about if the business were to weaken materially further?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, let me start by fixing what I said to [Silka] -- our commercial paper was about 130 at the end of the quarter. We paid down a lot during the quarter but we dont have any issues in the short-term that would concern us. We have minimal debt, about $50 million that comes due in the fourth quarter. We dont anticipate any issues with that. Our bank covenants from where we stand now are fine.  Now, you ended your question with if things get materially worse, I guess if they get materially worse, its a matter of how much worse. But from what we can see in the outlook and at current run-rates, we are comfortable with our covenants over the next year. 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: And the tax rate reduction from 14% to 16% down to 8% to 10% and then the sustainability of something in the mid-teens for the next few years, what are some of the other factors that are playing into that?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, in the short-term a good part of it is simply geographic income mix. The U.S. has high tax rates relative to most of the rest of the world and the U.S. economy is feeling the punch the worst right now, so thats part of it. And part of it continues to be the effect of tax planning that weve done in other parts of the world and the accounting regimes of today recognize those things in a lumpy kind of a way and so we are never recognizing the whole years effect until we get into the fourth quarter. So the lumpiness will continue in our rate but the combination of where we earn our profits and the structural things weve done give us pretty good confidence over the next two or three, four years that well be in the high teens and it will be volatile as we go. So there will be more quarters like the current quarter where we have exceptionally low rates. 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: U.S. and Europe will both be above the high teens, wont they?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well the U.S. statutory rate certainly is. Europe, it depends on the country. Most places are higher than the teens, most places are in the 20s but not everywhere is and again it depends on how weve structured ourselves, where we have our debts -- there are a lot of factors that play into the actual rate. 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Banc of America.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: I just want to take another swag at the volume question -- would it be safe to say that aside from RIS domestically and RFID, pretty much all the other businesses slowed from third quarter average into the fourth quarter? Would that be fair or how would you correct that?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, actually, I think with the exception maybe of RFID and the Asian materials businesses, most of the businesses slowed quite a bit. India was still pretty good. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: We saw some slowing in the materials business in Asia but it still was double-digits, but it has slowed down a little bit from where we were the last couple of quarters. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Now Dan or Dean, is that impacting your ability to keep up with inflation? In other words, as the demand declines or deceleration, to be fair, effecting your ability to get pricing leverage?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we are being cautious in the sense that we are trying not to lose market share and weve been successful so far, and the -- for example, in our office products business, we were going to raise prices pretty significantly during the end of the third quarter and decided that we were better off not doing a mid-cycle increase and taking most of that increase in the first quarter when our customers would be able to pass it on, so theres an example of being smart about something. Were going to get the increase, its just going to come three months later.  In the materials businesses, frankly I feel good about our trajectory but the inflation keeps accelerating a little faster than we can keep up with it and now we are on our third increase this year, so -- and we are seeing good competitive support for those price increases at the same time, because they are clearly feeling the same cost pressures that we are.  So its just a matter of timing and I think it will catch up. It may take one or two more quarters longer than we expected it to. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Dean, what was the last price increase you took on paper in the materials business? Because most of the other grades now appear to be flattening out. 
Dean A. Scarborough: Well again, remember were buying specialty paper. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: I understand, yes. 
Dean A. Scarborough: So liners being the -- in the super calendar craft and [inaudible] liners being the number one, I dont know exactly but weve taken one or two increases this year at least. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. All right, fair enough. Last question and Ill turn it over -- are you suggesting perhaps that there may be more restructuring ahead as we look out to 2009? I forget what the comment was in your formal remarks or in the press release, or the presentation but you are going to take additional actions depending on the market, so could we see further cost reductions, restructuring capacity closures -- 
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we are certainly reviewing that now. In the fourth quarter, we are definitely tightening the belt and we are reducing shifts, et cetera, et cetera. And we will look at other additional restructuring and cost actions and we are going to do that over the next couple of weeks and if conditions materially decline, we will definitely have more restructuring ideas on the table. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay, thanks. Ill turn it over. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Felice with Gabelli & Company.
Rob Felice - Gabelli & Company: Most of my questions have been answered, just one or two -- where do you anticipate finishing the year in terms of your price cost gap? And if the current environment persists, at what point do you anticipate having enough pricing in place to close that delta?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, we had come into the quarter hoping to get enough during Q4 to close that gap. Weve seen another $10 million or so of inflation impact in Q4. Q3 was about like we expected but we are getting more in Q4 and pricing came in about $10 million lower, so that gap is slightly less than $20 million in Q4. I think we will make up a good chunk of that in the first quarter. I do think that inflation pressures will ease as we go and our pricing will catch up with it, so I dont know if well make up the whole gap in Q1 but I think we will make pretty good progress against it. 
Rob Felice - Gabelli & Company: But it sounds like you should be able to offset the bulk of the gap though in 2009. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Thats the expectation, and along with the January 1st increase that is happening in some of our businesses. Thats an important part of it, too. 
Rob Felice - Gabelli & Company: And whats the magnitude of that increase?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, it varies by business but its enough if it all goes through to close that gap down in the first quarter if we dont get anymore inflation. 
Rob Felice - Gabelli & Company: Okay, and then I guess lastly in terms of the PSM or RIS businesses, have you reached a point yet that you feel warrants taking significant capacity out of the system? And maybe to that end you can talk about managing through the down turn here and the actions that are being taken to alleviate some of the fixed cost pressures and restore margins. 
Dean A. Scarborough: Yeah, its really different by business. In pressure sensitive materials, over the last three years weve taken quite a bit of non-productive capacity out of the system so basically reducing slower, narrower coating lines and moving the volume to our higher, more high-speed coating line. There is still more of that that we can do that we are going to be reviewing here during the fourth quarter but volume growth has still been okay and we do expect that even a bad quarter, pressure sensitive volumes look like they may only decline 1% or 2% at the most and then well see a pretty sharp rebound. We want to make sure weve got enough capacity even if its idle that we can fire up when the economy rebounds. And in that business, we have the ability to reduce shifts and working hours, et cetera. So its not like a paper machine where you have to run it 24/7 365.  In RIS, we actually have a significant opportunity over the next couple of years to take our fixed costs down but a lot of that comes from process redesign and investment in information systems. Its a pretty labor intensive business. We made a lot of progress this year. Weve taken $120 million out of the business. Its hard to find with volumes being down but I am confident that we can take a lot fixed cost out of that business as we go forward and you will definitely be seeing that going forward. 
Rob Felice - Gabelli & Company: Barring a substantial turnaround in volumes here then, is it fair to say that the path back up to 9%, 10% margins in this business will be more of a slow steady one as you take some of that fixed cost out or rework the capacity there? Or do you think we will see a step change?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, it will be slower with no volume growth, clearly, because again this business has extremely high variable margins and heres what I expect to happen -- we will continue to reduce our fixed costs in that business and improve our internal processes. And then once consumer confidence returns, whats going to happen is we are going to see a double impact. Well see the impact of retail sales going up and then well start to see inventory building at the same time. And when that happens, you will see a spike in the operating margins for that business.  The difficult part at this point is trying to predict when that will happen. 
Rob Felice - Gabelli & Company: Do you think we are at bottom at this point here?
Dean A. Scarborough: I still think we might have a couple more quarters of softness because Im not sure Europe has hit the bottom yet. 
Rob Felice - Gabelli & Company: Okay, thats helpful. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Reik Read with Robert Baird & Company.
Reik W. Read - Robert W. Baird : A quick follow-up on the RFID business -- whats your expectation that some of good pilot activity that you are seeing gets delayed due to the macro weakness? And in particular, given that you are seeing incremental weakness in European apparel, which is where a lot of that activity seems to be taking place, how do you kind of size that up?
Dean A. Scarborough: Its difficult to handicap right now. I think well know a lot more over the next quarter or two because there are a couple of fairly large retailers that are going to make some decisions. I do expect if they take decisions to go forward, they will implement it slowly and not invest a lot of money, given the current economic conditions.  Its interesting though -- there seems to be more interest in the technology during the downturn because of the ability not only to drive sales increases but to manage their inventories much more closely than before. 
Reik W. Read - Robert W. Baird : And how do -- I mean, given all of that, Dean, how do you think about your investment? I mean, you said that you want to keep that up because of the activity that you are seeing. If it does slow up, do you invest, do you slow down that investment or going back to what you just said, if theres some good prospects longer term, do you kind of keep that up?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, even in todays world, I mean, our volumes are tripling so if it goes down to doubling instead of tripling, we still have some ways to offset some of that but we are still in a growth market here. Thats the good news. 
Reik W. Read - Robert W. Baird : Okay, thanks. 
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in queue. 
Eric Leeds: All right. Thank you. Well conclude the call. See you next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you for joining todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric M. Leeds - Investor Relations Dean A. Scarborough  President and Chief Executive Officer Daniel R. O'Bryant  Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Securities John Roberts  Buckingham Research Reik Read - Robert W. Baird  Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities George Staphos - Banc of America Securities
Operator: Welcome to the Avery Dennison earnings conference call for the second quarter ended June 30, 2008. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Eric Leeds, Avery Dennisons head of Investor Relations. 
Eric M. Leeds: Our discussion today will reference the earnings release that we issued earlier, along with the slide presentation titled, Second Quarter 2008 Financial Review and Analysis. Both documents were furnished today with our 8-K and posted at the investor section of our website at www.investors.averydennison.com.  Our news release references GAAP operating margin, which includes interest expense, restructuring and other charges included in the other expense line of our P&L. Also referenced are transition costs associated with the Paxar integration that show up in this past quarter in as MG&A expense.  Restructuring charges and integration transition costs tend to be fairly disparate in amount, frequency, and timing. In light of the nature of these items, we will focus our margin commentary on pre-tax results before their effect and before interest expense. This detail is in Schedules A2 to A6 of the financial statements accompanying todays earnings news release. Slides 18 and 19 of the presentation contain a reconciliation of margin change to help illustrate the impact of the Paxar acquisition.  We also remind you that we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to uncertainty. The Safe Harbor Statement included in the documents that we published today, along with our recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, address the most important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations.  Here today are Dean Scarborough, President and CEO; Dan O'Bryant, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mitch Butier, Corporate Vice President, Global Finance. We will now turn the call over to Dean. 
Dean A. Scarborough: As you know by our news release this morning the economic and market challenges that began the year have continued into the second quarter. We are pleased with our progress in many areas, including the execution of the Paxar integration, our growth and emerging markets and RFID, and the substantial improvement in cash flow over the prior year. However, we are reducing our outlook for the balance of the year due, mainly, to rapidly rising raw material costs and the expectation of continued weak economic conditions with the possibility of further softening outside the U.S. Sales trends were somewhat mixed in the second quarter, with sequential improvement in Pressure-sensitive Materials and Office Products, but comparatively weaker results for Retail Information Services and a few of our smaller specialty converting businesses.  Pressure-sensitive volume growth improved sequentially, with continued growth in emerging markets and new decoration-transfer applications in mature markets. However, raw material inflation, energy and transportation costs have escalated rapidly in the last 90 days which has had a significant impact on our margins.  We are raising prices again this quarter and anticipate another round of increases later this year if inflation continues to accelerate. The combination of price increases, productivity, and product re-engineering will enable us to recover our margin but there will be some lag in recovery, especially if inflation continues. The Retail Information Services business was again impacted by slow retail conditions in the U.S. and retailer inventory reduction, which had a dramatic downward impact on apparel imports. Additionally, while European programs continued to grow, we did see a slowdown related to weaker retail conditions in that region. We did see growth in our new product investment areas, which include RFID, heat transfer and packaging, and we believe we are continuing to take share in the core business. As expected, the incremental volumes in the second quarter busy season improved our margins from the first quarter. Were executing well against our integration synergy targets but in the short term those savings have been offset by lower overall volumes and inflation. We are raising prices and accelerating our productivity actions and we do expect to achieve our long-term targets once market conditions improve. More importantly, we continue to invest in improved service and new products to position ourselves for the coming upturn. Our Office Products teams had a challenging revenue quarter but did a great job of managing their costs and working capital in the tough environment. The largest impact on revenue for the quarter came from a shift of back-to-school orders into Q3. Last year a bigger share of our back-to-school orders came through in the second quarter.  We are accelerating our efforts to renovate and enhance existing products, investing very selectively in some new ones, and we are having some measurable success despite the tough office products environment. Inflation has impacted office products as well as steel, vinyl, paper, and transportation costs rapidly increase. We raised prices on July 1 and are implementing price increases in October and in January, to recover our margin. Office Products continue to deliver solid productivity increases, which is one reason why margins have held up so well in this business. I am still very pleased with our trajectory in the RFID inlay business. Revenues quadrupled in the quarter, consistent with our plan, as orders increased for item-level tracking in apparel as well as other supply-chain programs.  The short-term outlook is challenging so we are taking steps to strengthen our businesses to capitalize during economic recovery. As I mentioned previously, our biggest short-term challenge is inflation and slowing economies. Executing price increases well will have the biggest upside impact on our results and we expect the incremental benefit of pricing actions to be realized in the second half of the year.  We are executing the Paxar integration and will hit our targets for annual synergy savings from the acquisition. Retail Information Services remains on course to realize roughly $120 million in annual synergy savings when the integration is complete, with 85% of the savings expected to be captured in the run rate by the end of this year. We are driving increased productivity across the organization. The restructuring actions we undertook in 2007 will drive $45 million to $50 million of annualized savings once fully implemented. With close to 60% of that value representing incremental savings in 2008 and weve initiated a number of short-term actions to reduce operating costs across the company that will offset some of the short-term weakness. We continue to invest in growth acceleration programs. Emerging markets and RFID, for example, are right on track. We are taking share in Pressure-sensitive Materials by capturing business from alternative decorating technology and through new product and service programs. And in fact, we are opening a new distribution center in Japan to capture share in this untapped market. In Retail Information Services we continue to see interest in radio frequency identification and our new packaging capabilities and we have invested in new technology that enables us to offer smaller quantities of tags and labels faster and more cost effectively. Now I will turn the call over to Dan for a more detailed review of our second quarter financial results and our revised outlook for the second half.
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Lets begin with the financial overview on Slides 5 and 6 of the handout. Net sales were up 20% due to the benefits of the Paxar acquisition and currency translation, reflecting the value of our global diversification. On an organic basis, sales declined about 1% compared to prior year and I will provide some color on that in just a few moments. Operating margin before charges and transition costs declined by 130 basis points, or about 80 basis points if you adjust for the addition of the base Paxar business. The year-on-year decline in margin reflects the raw material and energy inflation, as well as carries over of the 2007 price reductions. We continue to anticipate a substantial improvement in operating margin by the fourth quarter, which I will discuss more in the context of our guidance. Our annual tax rate is now expected to be in the 14% to 16% range for 2008 and we believe a tax rate in the range of 17% to 19% will be sustainable for at least the next few years, reflecting our geographic income mix, reductions in the statutory rates in a few countries, as well as benefits of our tax structure and planning efforts. Now let me walk you through the story on top line sales on Slide 7. As I said, reported sales were up about 20% compared to the prior year, the Paxar acquisition added about 14 points of growth, and currency translation added 7 points of top line growth and $0.05 of earnings to the quarter. Looking at organic growth trends, on a regional basis, sales in the U. S. declined by about 4%. In Europe, sales before the Paxar acquisition and currency were up about 4%. Sales in Asia likewise grew about 4% on an organic basis, slower than Q1 due to the weakness in apparel exports to the U.S. that impacted Retail Information Services. All of our materials businesses in that region remain strong, with organic growth in the mid-teens. Sales in Latin American were up 5% versus the prior year on an organic basis with sequential improvement bringing growth back to the level we saw in the fourth quarter of last year. Taking a look at our margins on Slide 8, and once again, for purposes of margin comparison we have added Paxars results from last year into our own prior year numbers and provided the backup for that adjustment on Slide 18 of the handout. So on this adjusted basis, operating margin declined by 80 basis points and Slide 9 summarizes the key factors driving the change in company operating margin. Gross margin before Paxar integration costs declined by 20 basis points compared to the reported results for the prior year. Adjusting the prior year number to include Paxar, gross profit margin declined by 130 basis points. Now, the primary driver has been the rapid raw material inflation that Dean talked about. In addition, we have experienced increases in labor costs in China and higher energy and transportation costs and while our selling prices are now on the rise in just about every business, the carryover effect of decreases late last year is still impacting margins.  It goes almost without saying that we are accelerating our productivity efforts on every front. Now this is the time when our Enterprise Lean Sigma process really makes a difference in the company. But even with our best efforts, we wont be able to completely offset the level of inflation that were experiencing. We estimate that raw material costs were up about $20 million in the quarter compared to the same period last year. For 2008 we have raised our estimates for raw material inflation from last quarters $70 million to a current estimate of about $110 million. I will comment on that a bit further when I discuss our earnings guidance. Turning to operating expenses, before integration costs MG&A expenses as a percentage of sales increased by 110 basis points compared to reported results for the prior year. If you adjust the prior year number to include Paxar the MG&A expense ratio improved by 40 basis points which partially offset the gross margin decline. Compared to the adjusted prior year, absolute spending on MG&A was up about $11 million. The combination of currency translation and incremental amortization of intangibles from the Paxar acquisition represented more than the entire increase. We offset a portion of these higher costs, along with general inflationary pressures, through our productivity efforts. Turning to segments on Slide 10, we saw a jump in our Pressure-sensitive Materials business with reported sales up 11% over the prior years second quarter to $980 million. Organic sales growth was about 3%, a solid improvement from the first quarter growth rate. Focusing on the Rolled-label Materials business, about 70% of this business right now is in Western Europe and North America. North America slowed a bit after a strong first quarter. Europe accelerated in Q2 over Q1 and most of our emerging market businesses continued on their solid growth trend. The Graphics and Reflective business was down a low single digit rate before currency. This business is more cyclical than others with the U.S. markets slowing the most. Excluding restructuring and other items, operating margins for our Pressure-sensitive Materials business declined 170 basis points versus the prior year to 8.2%. The decline in Pressure-sensitive Materials margin reflected cost inflation and prior year price reductions that more than offset the initial benefits of this years price increases, as well as restructuring and other productivity initiatives.  As Dean alluded to in his opening remarks, the incremental benefit of pricing actions are expected to be realized in the second half of the year. We have anticipated more inflation for the balance of the year but raw material cost forecasting has proven to be an elusive art lately. If our outlook is right, we have enough in price increases underway to catch up with inflation but we do believe there is substantial risk of more inflation over the next few quarters and we will likely continue raising our prices to keep up. Lets turn to Retail Information Services on Slide 11. Reported sales for Retail Information Services were $438 million. That is double a year ago due to the acquisitions of both Paxar and DM Label. Five years ago this was a $250 million business. Today its over $1.5 billion. Organic sales were down about 3% for all the reasons that Dean discussed. Our major concern here is the rapid fall-off in traffic at the malls in the U.S. market. Retail Information Services has a very high variable margin so volume declines have had a big impact on our bottom line. Adjusting the year-ago comparisons for Paxar results, the operating margin before transition costs, restructuring, and asset impairment charges declined 80 basis points to 7%. Integration savings, along with other productivity actions, were more than offset by the combined affect of reduced fixed cost leverage from lower revenues, employee related and raw material cost inflation, and about $9 million of intangible amortization and corporate cost allocations. Looking at the Paxar integration update on Slide 12, we continue to expect about $120 million in annual synergies when were finished blending Paxar into Retail Information Services. Of that $120 million, we realized about $21 million of synergies in the second quarter compared with $18 million in the first. 85% of the targeted savings will be in our run rate by the end of this year and were not expecting any changes to our estimate of $165 million to $180 million of integration cash costs. Nearly 2/3 of that is now behind us. We will incur about $35 million over the balance of this year. Now on Slide 13, weve already discussed much of what has impacted our Office and Consumer business, as reported sales were down 3% from a year ago. Part of the weak top line in the second quarter included delayed shipments related to the back-to-school season that are now positively impacting the third quarter. Ex restructuring charges operating margins were up 110 basis points to 17.3%. Favorable product mix given the delay in back-to-school shipments, along with restructuring benefits and productivity gains, more than overcame the effect of cost inflation and reduced fixed cost leverage associated with lower sales. Now let me move on to Slide 14 for a look at our cash flow. First our ratio of debt to total capital at June 30 was 51.9%, down from the prior year ratio of 56.6% immediately following the Paxar acquisition. We expect this ratio to decline further over the next two quarters. We continue to reduce working capital, which is helping us in the current demand slowdown. Year-to-date cash flow from operations improved by nearly $60 million. In addition to working capital improvement, year to date capital expenditures were $69 million and we used another $33 million for software. Total cash for capital and software are down $22 million from prior year. Now Slides 15, 16, and 17 we have set out our revised guidance and outlook for the second half. Anticipated inflation, weaker segment mix, and slowing demand lead us to recalculate adjusted EPS for the full year to between $3.75 and $3.95 a share. The key issues for the balance of the year will be inflation and our ability to successfully implement our price increases. We obviously still have a gap between the two. The revised estimate also reflects between $60 million to $70 million of cost synergy from the Paxar integration, about $25 to $30 million in restructuring benefits over the previous year, and benefits from other productivity initiatives as well. The benefits from the Paxar integration continue to grow and RFID is contributing. As Dean said, we quadrupled sales in that business unit in the second quarter and we are on track to reduce losses there this year just as planned.  Currency benefits our top line for the year by 5% and we have lowered the tax rate for the full year guidance. On Slide 16 weve outlined whats changed between our current assumptions and our previous assumptions for the year. Now with that, let me turn things back to Dean for some additional thoughts before we take your questions.
Dean A. Scarborough: While we face a challenging environment, I do believe we are well positioned to weather the storm and to position ourselves in good shape for the future. One of the things that help is our geographic and end-use application diversity. We are certainly being helped by the fact that more than 2/3 of our business is outside the U.S. Also, another factor is that most of businesses are in items that are linked to consumables and only about 15% of our businesses are related to housing, automotive, and other very cyclical segments. Many of our products are used on things that consumers use every day. A good example is personal care. We have many label materials used on shampoo bottles and people still do wash their hair in a recession. So while underlying demand does go down for our products in difficult economic times, we dont see dramatic downturns.  We are clear market leaders in each of our core businesses with very strong competitive advantages. And during these tough times, I find that customers rely on their best suppliers, and that does give us an opportunity to take share. We have demonstrated our ability to drive productivity and improved cash flow through our Enterprise Lean Sigma programs. ELS has enabled us to get more with our existing capital and to enhance working capital efficiency as well. Now, we are happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jeff Zekauskas - JP Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Securities: In terms of the Pressure-sensitive adhesive business, could you talk about volumes and price in the quarter. Is it the case that price was down is that right?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, pricing is up sequentially but still down year-over-year.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Securities: Like 1%? Its down that order of magnitude or is it down more.
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Its still down more than that year-on-year. The heavy discounting took place in the industry was primarily in the third and fourth quarters of last year so its going to take a couple of more quarters to lap that. We had some price compression, mostly outside the U.S. in the first quarter. So were still down more than a point it you look on a year-on-year basis.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Securities: So that means organic volume growth was up 5%. And what do you make of that strength? Is that temporary?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, Jeff, I think the one surprising question, and I know where youre headed here, is that volume growth for us has been surprisingly strong over the last couple of quarters. We certainly have seen continued strength in emerging markets. Europe has been relatively strong as well. I believe we might be taking a little bit of share there. We havent seen the numbers yet for the second quarter. And our volumes are up also in North America, but then again, thats related to a bit of share gain.
Daniel R. O'Bryant: I think, too, weve seen in some of the emerging markets sequential strengthening over the last couple of quarters and in the second quarter things were quite strong in Asia in particular but other places as well and thats becoming an increasingly large part of Pressure-sensitive business, so its having more impact these days.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Roberts - Buckingham Research.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: To the extent PSM was stronger in volume I think the weakness in the RIS volume is surprising. Global apparel demand is not down anywhere near as much as youre down.
Dean A. Scarborough: Heres the way I look at it. You have two things going on. In the U.S. you have POS down for apparel and then you have retailers reducing inventories at the same time. So apparel imports into the U.S. actually are down. I think they were down in the high single digits in the first quarter.  So that definitely has an impact on our business because everything coming into the U.S. has some tag on it. Still we saw, in Europe, growth over prior year but that growth has been decelerating. So the combination of the two is impacting us.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Pricing in the RIS segment?
Dean A. Scarborough: Its a custom business so there is so much churn in the programs, its meaningless.
Operator: Your next question comes from Reik Read - Robert W. Baird.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird : Dean, youve talked a couple of times about share gains with some alternative decorations in the U.S. Can you talk about that and then if you are gaining share in Europe, whats driving that at this point?
Dean A. Scarborough: We are continuing to convert decorating applications in the food and beverage segment to Pressure-sensitive. And we probably have the most success, frankly, in the beverage category. So things like juices and beer has been a positive plus for us. And thats continued on. We have continued to invest in that and thats great share gain to take because its all new business to the industry.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird : And what might be accounting for that in Europe as well?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, actually we had a competitor that went Chapter 11 in the UK. So I think that might be a fairly large chunk of it.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird : And I just want to make sure I understand, from a demand standpoint. You talked about weakening demand in Europe and Asia in your press release but it sounds like Pressure-sensitive in Asia continues to do well and you dont have any expectation that that changes, is that the correct understanding of that?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Yes, the weakness that we saw in Asia was really in the RIS business only and thats, again, related to the retail apparel slowdown in the U.S. markets. But if you look at the businesses where consumption is Asian-based, like all of our materials businesses are, its quite strong and it has accelerated over the last few months. So I think were not completely immune in our Asian markets from what goes on in the U.S. but the consumption is 70% to 80% based where we manufacture and those economies continue to be driven by new middle classes emerging. And that is giving us some protection.  So that diversification in our revenue base is helping us out quite a bit. In the quarter, emerging markets represented over 30% of our volume, up around the 32% to 33% marks. So it continues to be a more important part of the overall mix and so far, so good in those markets.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird : You have given some color that youre planning to do more price increases, but given if things stayed where they were today, how long would it take you, at this point, to catch up with that raw material inflation?
Dean A. Scarborough: I would say roughly two quarters. Thats assuming no more inflation, though.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: Looking back at previous recessions in the U.S., do you have a sense as to how long these inventory corrections in apparel last? I know its a tough question because we have seen a couple of different recessions, but looking back, if you have the data to the early 90s and thats probably more reflective of a true consumer recession than the last one, how long does it last and how far along are we?
Dean A. Scarborough: Let me tell you, talking to our retail customers, they assume that we are not going to see a decent recovery until sometime in 2009. Most of our customers, in the U.S. anyway, are saying this has been the worst retail recession in 20 years.  Now, if I look back at our business that long ago, theres a couple of things. One is RIS was really small and so didnt really impact us that much. And secondly, at that point in time there was still an awful lot of apparel that was made in the U.S. being shifted to Asia so Im not sure we were impacted all that much, at least not to the extent that we are today.
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: And also, in your comments on the Office Products business you noted that mix was favorable. Could you expand on that, please?
Dean A. Scarborough: Our back-to-school product line consists of things like binders and dividers and sheet protectors. They tend to be at the lower margin end of our product categories and printable media obviously is a higher margin product range. So because back-to-school shifted more to Q3 than Q2, the mix just naturally looked better for the quarter.
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: So for Q3 maybe volumes are better but margins might be lower then?
Dean A. Scarborough: Absolutely, plus were getting more raw material inflation at the same time.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos - Banc of America.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: I just wanted to follow up a little bit on Jeffs question earlier. Realizing that its tough to measure this within RIS, were any of your other segments, aside from PSM, down year-on-year, if you can measure it, in price mix in the second quarter. And was that percentage change sequentially for any of the segments worse than what you saw in the first quarter? I would expect the answer is no to that second question but I want to confirm it.
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Generally, in the second quarter we saw pricing beginning to stabilize across the other businesses. The businesses that that would be most relative to are in our other category like our tapes business but also the graphics businesses. And they started implementing some price increases in the second quarter, so generally if we look out there, things were getting at least stabilized in Q2, if not improving just a little bit, George.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: So aside from PSM, was anything down year-on-year, percentage-wise and price mix?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, sure year-on-year most everything was down. Office Products would be the exception. But we were down in the PS segment year-on-year, because of that carry over effect. If youre talking sequentially, things began to stabilize and improve in a few places. If youre talking year-on-year, our materials businesses pretty much across the board had negative price that carried into the second quarter.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Does that suggest that pricing was negative in RIS in the quarter?
Dean A. Scarborough: George, you just cant, its a custom business and the churn rate is as high as 60% to 70% on a year-over-year basis. Theres no good way to measure pricing in the sector. The biggest impact there we had was volume decline and the second thing is we did see some inflation coming from people costs and some material costs, especially related to China.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Just trying to get at it because of how big inflation has been for you, how big you expect it will be and the fact that youre trying to implement more pricing. How do you implement an RIS price increase, since it is such a diverse business?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, basically you raise your standards, so when customers come back for a new program you load your new costs in and your new margin expectations and its pretty much hidden, because if a customer buys a six-colored printed tag thats 4x2 one year, and then moves to a larger tag with fewer colors youre comparing an apple to an orange. But we would expect to get with our new pricing models, we would get the inflation pass through. But it takes time to do.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Its probably semantics but I just want to confirm it, in your prior slide that Paxar synergies were targeted up to $125 million, now youre saying approximately $120 million. I know these are not big numbers but just wanted to see if anything had changed in your synergy outlook.
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Nothings changed, just refining the words a bit. Whats actually going on is were achieving all of the synergy cost out that we targeted and were actually getting more productivity on top of it as we react to soft market conditions. So no change in the expectation for what were getting out in terms of cost synergy at all.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Securities.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Securities: So the organic sales growth in the quarter was negative 0.6%. Can you break that up into price and volume, roughly?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: The price mix component year-on-year was down 1.5% to 2% still.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Securities: Second, in terms of raw materials you stated that you feared that raw materials would continue to go up. Why are you afraid of that?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: I dont think we used the word fear. Im not afraid of it in particular. In fact I think over the long run some of this inflation is probably healthy to the industry. But the issue right now is that were behind the inflation curve.  In our materials business in particular it takes time to get a price increase into the industry and with the pace of inflation right now we just havent been able to keep up with it. And were raising prices everywhere and sometimes its our second or third round already. So just cant keep up with it at the rate its been coming in. Weve adjusted our inflation expectation every quarter over the last 90 days and its more than double what we came into the year expecting. So, its just a matter of how quickly we can react to it and recover. We will get there.  We have always, I think, been able to get to the point where weve covered the inflation, but running two or three quarters behind is pretty tough on margins for 2008. And the damage has been done the first half of the year. Even if by the end of the year we have caught up, while our margins in the fourth quarter and first quarter may look a whole lot better than they do now, theres not a lot we can do to recover the margin loss in the first half of the year.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Securities: You lowered your guidance for the year but your numbers in the quarter were pretty good, so does that mean that you expect the raw material squeeze to be worse in the third quarter than it was in the second quarter?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, the third quarter is similar. Weve got a lot of price increases that are going in during the quarter and some of them late in the quarter, at the beginning of Q4. The inflation is already there. So, the gap between our pricing and inflation in Q3 looks a lot like it looked in Q2. It gets better in Q4, depending on how much new inflation we get. So, our guidance reflects the fact that were still going to have margin compression in the second half and in a couple of our businesses, simply have lower sales in the third and fourth quarter they typically do in the second. So, we do have some lower volumes coming through and a lot of that is in our two high-variable margin businesses, RIS and Office Products, which impacts the earnings for the back half of the year as well. Thats really the story in the guidance, the gap in inflation versus pricing in the second half, and the lower volumes in our highest margin businesses.
Dean A. Scarborough: We were still behind the pricing curve in our second quarter. We dont give quarterly guidance, so the issues affecting margin related to pricing were very strong in the second quarter. I think we may have shown that we hit the number, but we didnt hit our number.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Securities: Oil is already at whatever it is, $135, and natural gas is already up, which are the precursors of your raw materials. Acrylics pricing is passing through pretty fast right now and so if your prices only need to go up only a couple of percent to offset that inflation. So, I take it that means that you wont be able to get something like a 2% price increase in the third quarter but maybe it will take you until next year, is that what youre saying.
Dean A. Scarborough: I think well see most of it catch up in the fourth quarter, so we are anticipating more inflation, John.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Securities: How bad were volumes in July, across the board? Or how good were they?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, they were about where we expected except that the growth came more from our materials business and less from RIS. Are you talking about a single month?
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Securities: I was wondering how July had gone, or how July was going for you.
Dean A. Scarborough: Theres nothing we could report right now that would indicate a change in the pattern for the month of July. So right now its still looking more like Q2.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Securities: In RIS in the third quarter, we dont really have very good historical numbers, so how seasonally weak is the third quarter versus the second or versus the first? How do you think about that?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, the first quarter is the softest and the third quarter is the second softest and then the fourth quarter and then the second quarter. And I would guess that Q3 would be more seasonally weak than normal because retailers are going to be cautious about how much inventory they bring in for the holiday season and for Christmas. So this season will get started slower. It typically starts in September.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from John Roberts - Buckingham Research.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Ive already beat this RIS price discussion to death here, but is there anyway you can talk at least about variable margins because the operating margins obviously are impacted by volume, by restructuring, but the variable margin would be more indicative of mix effects or whether customers are trading down, or competitive pressures. Even without giving absolute numbers, maybe directionally, whether variable margins were maintained?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Yes, I think the best way to get a handle on that is to look at the RIS results in Q1, which was a very soft quarter, and what those margins looked like in Q2. And the variable contribution as we seasonally ramped up was in the high 30% range or close to 40%. So, we get huge impact in that business because of the high variable margins and that hasnt really changed.  You can go back a year ago and look at the incremental margin on volume, you can look at it now, and its similar. There is margin pressure in the business but, as Dean said, its coming from inflation right now and it takes some effort to react to that in terms of prices, as programs change over and so on and to drive productivity. But still, from a variable margin prospective the volume makes a big difference in how much EBIT we produce in this segment.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: You would say theres not a lot of customer trade-down going on in the business.
Dean A. Scarborough: Its all over the map. Some customers want to buy cheaper tags and labels. Other customers want to buy, frankly, more expensive tags and labels because they want to differentiate their product at point of sale.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: But on average, its unchanged?
Dean A. Scarborough: I would say on average theres really no change.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: And even though you have a relatively high market share, the smaller players, the competitive intensity hasnt picked up to where they might be pressuring the business?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: I would say it is no more than we would normally see.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Reik Reid - Robert W. Baird.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird : Is the acceptance of these price increases a little difficult to get at this point and thats why you say, Dean, its more of a fourth quarter where you see a catch up, or is that because youre anticipating more inflation?
Dean A. Scarborough: Theres always resistance to price increases, customers dont like price increases. But, in todays world, its pretty much becoming accepted. So, the conversation has changed with most of our customers from, we dont want a price increase to how long are your prices going to last now. But the real issue for us is accelerating inflation. So we announced a group of price increases that come into the third quarter and inflation has gone up much more rapidly than we anticipated. Ill give you an example. In Office Products, we typically raise prices once a year because its difficult for our customers to pass those price increases through. But we raised prices in July, were raising them again on some products in October, which is unprecedented, and then again, on some other product categories, in January. And its simply because inflation in certain categories has gotten so intense we have no other option but to pass the cost on.
Daniel R. O'Bryant: This gap between what weve been hit with in inflation, and what weve been able to recover and price, is a temporary gap. Weve been through this before and it comes back. The pace has been our challenge, just getting prices up quickly enough. So its really masking our ability to generate profit as we go. When we catch up over the next couple of quarters and we start to see volume come back, I think the underlying ability to generate profit and cash flow in this business is really going to be solid.  Because a lot of things are going right. The RIS integration is going extremely well. Were getting a lot of productivity as we implement ELS in our materials businesses. Office Products is very reliable in their ability to maintain margins and so on. So, we have an underlying business that is very strong. The size of the gap between pricing and inflation is significant right now, were going to get through that, and the business is going to improve. We still expect margins to be ramping up as we go through the next couple of quarters.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird : On the RIS side of things whats your assumption now in terms of where the retail apparel markets are from a gross standpoint and, Dean, youve talked a number of times about retailers wanting to lower inventory. How much more can they lower that bar before things begin to level out?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, I think the good news there is I think theyre probably getting about as low as they can get to be honest. The good news is well start to lead the recovery when retailers start to order products because theyre running out of stuff in the stores. Well see a surge in orders, which is typically how these things operate.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird : As it pertains to the RFID space, apparel winds up being an important market for you. If I exclude Marks & Spencer, because thats a unique case, does the weakness that youre seeing right now slow down some of those efforts or are they moving forward regardless.
Dean A. Scarborough: Theyre moving forward. I think Marks & Spencer isnt so unique anymore. Were involved in at least 15 pilots now with different retailers around the world. American Apparel is a good example. They are installing RFID in their business. Were talking with a lot of retailers.  Retailers are looking at this today because the cost and implementation are much lower than they were a few years ago and this is just a great way to make sure theyve got the right products in stock and they can improve their sales. So, I actually think theres more interest today than there has been in, certainly two years ago.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird : But the underlying economic issues arent impeding that at all?
Dean A. Scarborough: Not so far.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from John Roberts - Buckingham Research.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: We were talking about the Office Products increases. I think you said you got a price increase in July, one coming in October, and did you say youve got pricing announcements to your customers all the way out to January 2009?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Thats correct.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: How does that work? Youve gone out to Office Products retailers and told them in January they will be seeing a price increase? You cant have any visibility of your raw material costs between now and then.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we have enough. It depends on the product category. We have given them a range of what to expect for January of 2009 so that they can do their planning.
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Some of that, again, is making up for inflation that were absorbing today, that has already hit us and were recovering in January. 
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: So if you saw more raw material increase that is unexpected, more than what youre expecting between now and lets say even October, you would go out with a February price increase or March 2009 price increase.
Dean A. Scarborough: Its hard to anticipate that. I hope were not in an inflationary environment like we were 25 years ago where we were raising prices every 90 days. Our preference would be to, in Office Products anyway, would be to have one, maybe two price increases a year. But if we see the type of inflation that weve seen lately, going out every 90 days, we would do it.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: A lot of packaging materials in Office Products?
Dean A. Scarborough: You have steel, you have vinyl, and you have transportation costs. Those are the major categories, and plastic. Those are the ones that seem to have the highest rate of inflation right now.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from George Staphos - Banc of America.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Given that youre telling customers what your future price increases will be, what are the risks of pre-buying here? Secondly, as we take a step back, should we expect most of the inflation for the back half of the year to really reside in Pressure-sensitive Material or how would you have us think about it?
Dean A. Scarborough: George, on the pre-buying, so far we havent seen a lot of impact. If anything, weve seen behavior change from customers, especially retail customers. They are working on preserving cash, in a down environment. So inventory is much more important to them, or lower inventories are more important to them than pre-buying on price increases. Thats a big one.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: In terms of inflation, we should expect most of the impact where? Pressure-sensitive would seem to be to be the most, but how would you have us think about it?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Thats right. The materials business has been feeling the most of it. Probably 2/3 of the inflation hitting there I would guess. I dont have the exact number but its definitely more impactful there than it is in the other segments.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Just as we think about where things maybe have slipped from a macro standpoint relative to where you last gave guidance and you talked about, obviously, RIS being weaker, apparel being weaker in the U.S. Were your expectations for recovery in the second half and thats why youre giving yourself a little bit more room in the guidance now? Or where was there some additional weakness.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we didnt mean our expectations for the second quarter, George. And we anticipate a slower volume environment as well as the accelerated inflation in the back half. Were starting to see things slow down outside the U.S. at the same time.
Daniel R. O'Bryant: There are two major factors that caused us to change the guidance. One is that from what we originally expected in the back half versus now, we still have a big gap, particularly in Q3 between price and inflation. And the second one is that on the revenue line more of that revenue is coming out of the Materials business and less out of the Office Products and RIS business, where our higher incremental margins are. And that impact is a good part of having pulled our expectations down a bit in the second half.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Just qualitatively, if we hold current macro trends flat and we assume no more inflation than what weve already seen, I dont want pricing or inflation to enter into your answer here, how much more opportunity do you have to improve working capital over the next couple of years? Could you actually grow free cash flow in 2009, given what you know right now relative 2008 to date, given whatever initiatives you think you may be able to undertake?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: We do have room on the cash flow and I think these last two quarters have shown it. We have been unhappy with our working capital performance over the last couple of years. There are some reasons for that, but frankly, as a focus, it is better now than it has been and weve been generating a significant amount of cash out of our working capital and were not finished. I think there is still another $50 million or maybe more over the next year, year and a half that we will squeeze out of working capital.  So, were confident in our ability to generate cash flow and pay down debt as planned, even with some of the top line challenge that we are having right now and the margin loss. We are still committed to our cash flow targets.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks and we will talk to you next quarter.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Cynthia S. Guenther - Investor Relations Dean A. Scarborough - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Daniel R. O'Bryant - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President - Finance
Analysts: Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities George Staphos - Banc of America Securities Reik W. Read - Robert W. Baird  Mark Hurland - Bear Stearns John P. McNulty - Credit Suisse 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Avery Dennison first quarter 2008 conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Cynthia Guenther, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Madam. 
Cynthia S. Guenther: Thanks, Tanya. Hello, everyone and thank you for joining us. Hopefully youve had a chance to download our slide presentation thats titled first quarter 2008 financial review and analysis. We filed that today with our 8-K and posted it at the investor section of our website. Our discussion will generally follow this handout and refer to information contained in the slides, so I encourage you to have that in front of you as you listen to our formal remarks.  As usual, we have included references to GAAP operating margin in our news release which includes interest expense, restructuring and other charges included in the other expense line of our P&L, as well as transition associated with the Paxar integration does that show up this past quarter in MG&A expense.  Restructuring charges and integration transition costs tend to be fairly disparate in amount, frequency, and timing. In light of the nature of these items, we will focus our margin commentary on pretax results before their effect and before interest expense, as detailed in schedules A3 to A5 of the financial statements accompanying our earnings news release for the quarter.  Weve also included a reconciliation of margin change in slides 17 and 18 of the handout to help you see the impact of the Paxar acquisition on gross margins and operating expense ratios.  Ill also remind you that we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to uncertainty. Our recent Form 10-K addresses the most important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations. Please see the MD&A and risk factors sections of that document for the discussion.  Dean Scarborough, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dan O'Bryant, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Mitch Butier, Corporate Vice President, Global Finance, are here for todays call. And now I will turn it over to Dean. 
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Cyndi. As you know, now know by our news release and financials, we experienced a very tough start to the year. The challenging business conditions we experienced last year continued for a number of our businesses during the first quarter and in some cases, we saw some further weakening. In particular, the slowdown in the U.S. retail environment hurt top line sales for both retail information services and office products.  In retail information services, sales related to the U.S. retail market have tracked the rather dramatic reduction in apparel imports. In Europe, the picture for this business has been a lot brighter. Even though the retail apparel market has softened in Europe, our share gains from new applications and programs moving offshore have sustained solid growth for that region.  On the office product side, our large customers continue to focus on inventory management in the face of weak consumer demand. We estimate that our customers inventory levels are down close to 20% compared to a year ago, so we do expect that the worst of this phase of the business cycle is behind us. The impact to the quarter though was very significant.  Volume growth in the roll materials business actually improved a bit compared to the fourth quarter, both in North America and Europe, but the sales trend for our graphics and reflective business, which tends to be impacted by advertising and promotional spending, weakened considerably. Pressure sensitive profit margins were negatively impacted by weaker product mix across the segment, as well as incremental roll material inflation.  PSM margins had the biggest impact on our earnings plan for the quarter and we are moving fast to address this issue.  As we indicated earlier this year, we announced price increases for the roll materials businesses in the Americas that began to take effect in late March. Weve been raising prices in Asia and we also implemented a price increase on products sold in the U.K. in response to the devaluation of the British Pound against the Euro. Last week, we broadened or pricing actions in Europe to include the entire region, announcing a general price increase to take effect in mid-June that reflects the overall cost inflation we had been experiencing in that market.  The difficult macro environment requires aggressive action on our part, both to weather the storm and to position ourselves for the longer term. Its our intent to come out of this cycle stronger than ever and we are implementing a number of initiatives to accomplish just that.  First, we are driving the Paxar integration and expect to achieve over three quarters of our targeted cost savings by year-end. We are also in the planning stages of other productivity actions that will take place in the next couple of quarters.  As previously noted, we are implementing price increases in many of our businesses to at least partially offset raw material inflation. We are finding new sources of productivity. Several key initiatives will drive incremental productivity gains over the coming months. The restructuring actions we undertook in 2007 will drive $45 million to $50 million of annualized savings when fully implemented, with close to 60% of that value resulting or representing incremental savings in 2008.  Some of the bigger projects contributing to this productivity include a roll materials plant closure in Australia, closure of several distribution centers in North America, and outsourcing of a product line to Asia. In addition to these announced actions, we continue to execute and plan for more productivity improvement, including taking down a number of coating lines in various locations around the world, actions made possible through the enhanced productivity of other assets. Our strategy is to continue to move production to our widest, fastest assets and retire older less productive ones.  New projects announced in the first quarter are expected to drive about $7 million of annual savings when completed and we have a number of other large projects still in the planning stages which will have a more significant impact on future productivity.  While we are very focused on productivity, we are also passionate about continuing to invest for growth. RFID, emerging markets, and other growth initiatives continue to get the resources they need to drive value creation over the medium to long-term. Our recently announced acquisition of DM Label is a good example. This deal has strengthened our front-end sales and customer service capabilities in greater China, while giving us much needed production capability for low-cost, high-quality interior labels for apparel.  This was a private deal so I cant disclose the terms of the transaction but I can say that we expect the business to deliver a good return on investment within a couple of years. The return on total capital in 2010 will be close to our target for bolt-on acquisitions of about 15%.  This deal demonstrates our commitment to capturing opportunities for growth. At the same time, we remain highly focused on free cash flow. We are reducing our capital and IT budgets for the year, given the slower economic trends, and weve already begun to see results from our efforts to improve working capital efficiency. Most of the improvement on that front still lies ahead.  Weve implemented new measures across the company to achieve our goal of better than 30% compound annual growth in free cash flow over the next three years.  Let me touch briefly on our revised earnings guidance for the year. At the analyst day in New York, we said that calling the year would depend on several factors -- the economic conditions for the balance of the year and their impact on the apparel business and back to school, our ability to raise prices and raw material inflation.  Based on retail conditions in the first quarter, we do not believe conditions will get better in the second half. In fact, we believe customers will strive to reduce inventories in the face of declining demand, putting additional pressure on revenues for the balance of the year. While we are confident about getting our prices up, we do believe there will be a one or two quarter lag in recovering the additional raw material inflation we are seeing.  With that said, combining the actions Ive outlined with normal seasonal earnings lift, sequential pricing improvements and some incremental benefit from currency, we expect a significant improvement in quarterly profits over the balance of the year. More important, the actions we are taking are designed to prepare the company for a more dramatic improvement in earnings and cash flow as the economy begins to improve.  When the economy turns -- in fact, if history repeats itself, just before the economy turns we expect to see a strong lift in volume growth. That was clearly the case for us in the wake of the 2001 recession but we are not willing to stake our earnings guidance on the timing of that economic recovery. Our outlook essentially assumes continuation of the current macro environment with improvement to those levers that we can control. Now I will turn the call over to Dan for a more detailed review of our financial results for the quarter and our revised outlook for 2008. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Thanks, Dean. Lets begin with the financial overview on slides 5 and 6 of the handout that you hopefully have. Net sales were up 18% due to the benefits of the Paxar acquisition and currency translation. On an organic basis, sales declined about 2% compared to the prior year. Ill provide some color in just a few minutes.  Operating margin before charges and transition costs declined by 200 basis points, or about 150 basis points if you adjust for the addition of the base Paxar business. The year-on-year decline in margin reflects the carryover of the price reductions we experienced last year in the roll materials business, as well as raw material inflation, negative segment and product mix, and reduced fixed cost leverage due to the soft top line.  Because of seasonal factors, Q1 will always represent the trough in the year from a margin perspective and that trough was deepened by the effects of the weaker-than-expected volume. We anticipate a substantial improvement in operating margin for the balance of the year, which Ill discuss more in the context of our guidance.  The shortfall in our expected operating earnings was offset by the realization of a large tax benefit in the quarter. This change has two effects. First, well be able to capture the cash benefit of deferred tax assets already on the balance sheet and second, it will reduce the effective tax rate on future earnings.  We now believe a tax rate in the range of 17% to 19% will be sustainable for at least the next few years, reflecting geographic income mix, reductions in the statutory rates in a few countries, as well as benefits of our tax structure.  Let me walk you through the story on top line sales on slide seven. As I said, reported sales were up about 18% compared to the prior year. The Paxar acquisition added about 14 points of growth, currency translation added six points of top line growth and $0.05 of earnings to the quarter.  Looking at organic growth trends on a regional basis ex-acquisition sales, the U.S. declined by about 5%. In Europe, sales before the Paxar acquisition and currency were up about 1%, representing a slowdown from the pace we saw in the fourth quarter of last year.  The roll materials business in Europe actually picked up its pace on a sequential basis but we experienced a meaningful slowdown in the graphics and reflective business in that region.  Sales in Asia grew about 7% on an organic basis, also slower than Q4 of last year due to the weakness in apparel exports to the U.S. that impacted retail information services. All of our materials businesses in that region remain strong with organic growth in the mid-teens.  Sales in Latin America were roughly comparable to the prior year on an organic basis with sequential slowing across most of our businesses in that region.  Managing our operating margin in this environment is the big challenge. Slide 8 provides a comparison of margins by business.  Once again, for purposes of margin comparison, weve added Paxars results from last year into our own prior year numbers and provided the back-up for that adjustment on slide 18 in the handout.  Now on this adjusted basis, operating margin declined by 150 basis points. Slide 9 summarizes the key factors driving the change in company operating margin.  Gross margin before Paxar integration costs declined by 40 basis points compared to the reported results for the prior year, notwithstanding the benefit of the higher gross profit margin of the business we acquired.  Adjusting the prior year number to include Paxar, gross profit margin declined by 170 basis points driven by a number of factors -- the impact of price competition, primarily the carryover effect from last years reductions in the roll materials business, drove about 150 basis points of decline in gross profit margin; the combination of raw material inflation, negative mix, and reduced fixed cost leverage represented another 200-plus basis points of headwind.  Now we estimate that raw material costs were up about $12 million in the quarter compared to the same period last year. For 2008, weve raised our estimates for raw material inflation by roughly $15 million to a total of about $70 million.  Partially offsetting the negative factors I outlined, we generated close to 200 basis points of gross margin improvement through our productivity programs, including the Paxar integration and other restructuring actions.  Turning now to operating expenses; before integration costs, MG&A expenses as a percent of sales increased by 160 basis points compared to reported results for the prior year. If you adjust the prior year number to include Paxar, the MG&A expenses ratio declined by 20 basis points, which partially offset the gross margin decline.  Now compared to the adjusted prior year, absolute spending on MG&A was up about $5 million as productivity improvement and cost reductions largely offset general inflation.  Corporate expense was down compared to prior year, due in part to the roughly $3 million to $4 million of Paxar synergies that are reflected there each quarter. On average, we continue to estimate that annual corporate expenses before restructuring charges will run about $40 million to $50 million with the potential for fairly wide swings from quarter to quarter.  Looking at the effect of our ongoing restructuring efforts, Paxar synergies aside, we realized about a total of about $11 million of incremental savings from restructuring actions. That $11 million in savings is net of about $1 million of transition costs that were incurred during the quarter.  Now the next few slides provide some details on our segments, starting with pressure sensitive. Sales for pressure sensitive materials were up about 7%, or roughly 1% on an organic basis. We estimate the unit volume for the segment was up about 5% to 6%, comparable to the pace that we saw in the fourth quarter. Volume growth was almost entirely offset by price and mix changes, which took about five points off the top line for this segment in the first quarter.  While price competition definitely eased in North America during the first quarter, the year-on-year comparison reflects the carryover effect of the aggressive market conditions we experienced in 2007, particularly in the second half of the year.  Now let me give you a little color on results by region, starting with our largest division within the segment ex currency sales for Fasson roll materials business in Europe increased at a low single digit rate about two to three points better than the pace we saw in the fourth quarter.  As Dean said, we announced a general price increase for this region just last week to offset the raw material inflation weve been absorbing, so we do expect the margin to improve for the region in the coming quarters.  Unit volume growth picked up nicely for North America with a portion of the improvement driven by sales to businesses inside the company. In terms of external sales, unit volume growth was more than offset by negative price and mix changes.  We continue to expect improvement for the roll materials business in North America over the balance of the year. We are benefiting from the volume pick-up, we are beginning to realize the benefit of the general price increase that took effect in March, and of course we continue to pursue aggressive productivity initiatives as well.  Returning to Q1 results, Asia delivered another solid quarter with mid-teens growth while sales in South America were essentially flat with prior year.  Our graphics and reflective business slowed considerably compared to the pace we saw in the fourth quarter. Frankly, we were pleased that the business was still growing late last year in the face of weakening economic conditions. The graphics business tends to be more economically sensitive than other parts of our portfolio, as businesses can delay promotional signage changes when things slow down, and we felt those effects in the fourth quarter, in the first quarter as well.  Excluding restructuring and asset impairment charges, operating margin for the segment declined 170 basis points to 8% as the negative effects of pricing and raw material inflation more than offset benefits from restructuring and other productivity initiatives, and what I meant to say about this business is that it was strong in the fourth quarter, stronger than we might have expected but did slow in Q1.  On slide 11, sales for the RIS segment increased 138% almost entirely due to the Paxar acquisition. Taking out the effect of the acquisition and seven points of benefit from currency, sales declined by 1% on an organic basis. This was well below the combined historical trend for Paxar and RIS with all of the weakness coming from a decline in orders for apparel shipped to North American retailers and brand owners.  Sales on products destined for European end markets remained very solid with close to 10% growth.  Excluding transition costs and restructuring and asset impairment charges associated with the Paxar integration, operating margin declined by 330 basis points compared with the prior year to 1%. We attribute about half of this decline to reduced fixed cost leverage, given the soft top line.  As you know, this is a highly seasonal business so volume shortfalls in an already seasonally soft quarter have an unusually large impact on margins. We anticipate a significant sequential improvement in margin for the RIS segment as the second quarter is by far the seasonally strongest of the year.  We have in fact seen a solid pick-up in volume growth since late March but we are cautious about the likely duration of this improvement as we expect that U.S. retailers will be very conservative about building inventory in the face of soft consumer demand.  In addition to the impact of reduced fixed cost leverage, higher employee related costs and raw material inflation added about $12 million of expense versus the prior year.  Partially offsetting these challenges, the benefits of the Paxar integration continued to build. Slide 12 provides additional detail on that front. We captured a total of about $17 million worth of synergy savings in the first quarter, up from about $11 million in the preceding quarter. About $3 million of those first quarter savings are reflected in our corporate expense line.  We remain highly confident in our ability to achieve our targets for cost synergy. Let me just remind you of the medium-term outlook; in 2008, we are targeting $80 million to $90 million of absolute savings, or about $60 million to $70 million in incremental savings over 2007, with over 75% of our total targeted savings benefiting the run-rate by the end of this year. By the end of 2009, virtually all of the actions will be completed so we expect to see the full targeted annual savings of close to $125 million in 2010.  Our anticipated one-time cash cost to execute the integration remain unchanged at about $165 million to $180 million, with about 40% of those cash costs being incurred this year and about 20% remaining to be paid in 2009.  The permanent financing for the acquisition was completed in February in the form of a three-year floating rate bank term loan.  Now if you turn to slide 13, Ill review the first quarter results for the rest of our businesses. Sales for office and consumer products were down about 9% or about 12% on an organic basis. About half of that decline was due to customer inventory reductions, which we estimate had a roughly $12 million impact on net sales in the first quarter.  We estimate that our customers now have about 15% to 20% less inventory on hand compared to this time last year. Point of sale trends also weakened sequentially across virtually all categories as end use demand softened with the weaker domestic economy.  In light of the sales decline, pro forma operating margin for the segment declined by 150 basis points to 11.1%.  Sales for the other specialty converting businesses were comparable to prior year on a reported basis. Adjusting for currency, sales declined by about 4%, reflecting our decision to exit a low margin distribution business.  RFID inlay revenue continues to build in line with our expectations.  Returning to the total segment level, the operating margin for this collection of businesses declined by 130 basis points as the benefit of productivity initiatives and reduction in RFID losses were more than offset by reduced fixed cost leverage and cost inflation.  As you can see on slide 14, our debt to total capital ratio at quarter end was about 52%, up from prior year to the Paxar acquisition but down about a point on a sequential basis.  Working capital improvement is an important priority for us, particularly in the context of the current economic environment. As you see on the slide, notwithstanding the reduced earnings for the quarter, cash flow from operations improved nicely and there is more to come. Cash usage for capital expenditures in the quarter was $38 million, with another $17 million used for software investments.  These figures include spending related to Paxar facilities and integration actions, which we have included in our total assessment of cash costs for the integration.  In light of the soft market conditions we experienced in the first quarter, we have reduced our 2008 budget for capital and IT spending by about $25 million, to a total of $170 million before investments associated with the Paxar integration.  Now let me walk you through our current guidance for 2008 earnings and free cash flow, starting with slide 15. For the year, we have adjusted our earnings per share guidance before restructuring charges to the range of $4.00 to $4.30 with the most significant variable being organic growth.  Given the slow start to the year, weve taken our previous assumption for our organic revenue growth down by about two points, assuming that modest volume growth will be offset by negative price and mix changes. And note that while we have announced price increases in many of our businesses, the benefit of those increases in terms of top line growth is offset by the carryover of prior year reductions, as well as negative mix -- prior year price reductions as well as negative mix. That said, we do expect announced price increases to partially offset the $70 million negative impact of raw material inflation.  The important positive contributors to our outlook include incremental cost savings from the Paxar integration and other restructuring actions, as well as savings from ongoing productivity initiatives, including material cost out projects.  Relative to our original expectations for the year, we expect incremental benefits from currency translation and the lower tax rate.  Slide 15 summarizes the key assumptions for our current guidance and the relevant differences compared to our outlook at the start of the year. As I said earlier, operating margin will pick up significantly over the balance of the year compared with the first quarter. Even with our conservative volume outlook, we expect operating margin in the second half of the year to exceed last years second half margin levels.  I have already outlined our revised guidance on CapEx and other cash investments. Taking these into consideration along with our targets for earnings and working capital improvement, we remain committed to our original target for free cash flow before dividends in the range of $400 million to $450 million.  Ill turn the time back to Dean. 
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Dan. Notwithstanding the uncertainty regarding near-term demand trends, my confidence in the strength of each of our key businesses remains very high. We reviewed our key strategies for long-term value creation at our March investor meeting but let me just quickly recap our priorities.  We will capture the synergies from the Paxar acquisition and begin to deliver on the growth promise as well. We will change the trajectory of our pressure sensitive business by driving accelerated productivity, price realization, and continued growth in emerging markets, and well continue to invest in growing new applications.  In office products, we intend to renovate and develop new products but will focus on those areas close to our core and on projects that have rapid pay-back. We will accelerate our enterprise lean sigma efforts to improve productivity and to enhance our service and quality for customers. And we will deliver better cash flow this year with a reduced capital budget and focused targets on working capital improvement.  Now well be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas with J.P. Morgan Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: On the sales decline for the -- the organic sales decline for the company as a whole, the 2% percent number, can you break that up into price and volume?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Volume was up a couple of percent; price and mix offset that volume. It was heavily weighted toward mix. The price in the quarter, the price decline that we saw was primarily the carryover from what happened mostly in the second half of last year. So price and mix on a combined basis were around 2.5% to 3% for the entire company. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: So if I understand what you said, so if sales declined 2 and volume, forgive me, was up 2, then price mix was down 4?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, the volume was up about 1%, offset by about three points of combined price and mix, so core sales, as we define it, would be down roughly 2%.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: I have to just remind you too that with RIS being a much bigger part of the business, measuring price and mix in that highly customized business is an art, not a science, so these numbers are not as precise as they have been in past years when we havent had that much of that business mix in. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. Secondly, if you just looked at Fasson exclusive of the graphics and reflective business, was the operating income sort of up or down or flat year over year? 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Definitely down. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Definitely down. And in general -- 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: It was down year over year and down sequentially. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: And can you talk a little bit about the price dynamics in that business, sort of what the first -- how the price dynamic either changed or didnt change over the course of the first quarter?
Dean A. Scarborough: We didnt see too much impact on price. Most of the impact was on mix so a lot of the growth that we saw in terms of volume tended to be in lower margin product categories. And we did see a little more raw material inflation than we had anticipated, especially in North America. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: And then lastly on the RIS margin, you know, like order of magnitude, by what amount of operating profit did RIS miss your own target in the quarter?
Dean A. Scarborough: Jeff, they only have about 10% of their operating profit in the year in the first quarter, so obviously a small miss in the margin in such a soft quarter makes a huge difference in margin, so it was in the -- I dont know, low single-digit millions. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Low single digit millions -- so the major miss from your point of view was on -- was mostly in PSA?
Dean A. Scarborough: Pressure sensitive had the biggest impact on the margins and of course with office products, with the inventory reductions we had, it also had a knock-on effect because thats our highest margin business. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: So the reason that RIS doesnt have a much greater operating profit number in the first quarter, given all of the cost savings that you are achieving, has to do with its unusually low volume number and that will -- presumably well see the cost synergies when the volumes seasonally pick up?
Dean A. Scarborough: Heres a couple of factors, Jeff. So we have first of all in this economic environment, what we see is retailers delaying decisions on ordering later I would say than normal, so I think we are definitely seeing a shift into the second quarter from the first quarter, just as we did last year. We saw a shift of ordering from the third quarter into the fourth quarter. So I think the seasonality was magnified. Volume leverage was a big part of it. There is also a printer systems business in part of retail information services -- I dont want to make this too complicated -- that sells printers. And as you can imagine, hardware sales in terms of selling printers isnt exactly robust right now. Its mainly a U.S. business.  And then we did see some inflation in terms of raw materials and labor costs in South China. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Wachovia. Please proceed with your question. 
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: The growth in Asia still seemed very solid. Just curious as to whether youve seen any change in customer sentiment there. It seems like the rest of your businesses on a geographic basis are seeing some signs of slowing, or at least have slowed. Im just wondering what the sentiment overall in Asia is. 
Dean A. Scarborough: If we pull out RIS because obviously a lot of apparel comes from Asia for the U.S. market, if you pull that out, the other businesses in Asia had a great quarter. South America is actually just fine. The issue there was about a two-week strike in Argentina where they basically shut down the country and we didnt see much of a lift. I expect that to come back.  And Eastern Europe was also strong again for the materials business. So so far, customer sentiment in Asia and in most emerging markets actually is still good. 
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: Okay, and just in terms of your comment on your pricing initiatives and the backdrop of increased inflation with oil close to $120 now, should we expect then that margins in the second quarter are not as weak on a year-over-year basis as the first quarter, but still down year over year and start to see a little bit of acceleration in the back half? Is that how we should model it?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: As I said in my prepared remarks, we expect the margin to improve significantly. The biggest single thing that happens going into Q2 is we anticipate sales picking up in the range of $150 million over Q1. Thats the significance of the seasonality that is a fact of life in our business right now.  On top of that, we start getting price increases through that help margins, more productivity initiatives, both out of Paxar and other sources build as the year goes by, so we definitely expect to see margins improve on a year-on-year basis in Q2 versus what we saw in Q1 and continue to pick up as the year goes by. By the back half of the year, we expect margins to be running at a rate above where they were prior year.  Let me add one thing -- I said last year we had a pretty solid second quarter with a pretty high operating margin. The comps there are going to be tough in the second quarter. By the back half of the year, clearly the margins will be up to where they were last year or better. 
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Thank you. 
Dean A. Scarborough: One other thing, Ghansham, and that is the difficulty for us timing back to school shipments for office products. We dont know but I would bet that most of our customers are going to be pretty conservative and bring most of the volume in the third quarter rather than the second quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Banc of America Securities. Please proceed with your question. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Just to clarify then on Ghanshams question; 2Q margins lower than last year and presumably higher in the second half -- is that what you are saying?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Im not going to get completely specific but you remember last year we had some volumes that shifted out of Q1 into Q2 that helped the margins. We had really high margins, so year-on-year comps in Q2 are tougher. But we expect to see the margins improve substantially above Q1 and in the back half of the year to be better than prior year. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Fair enough, Dan. Now, in terms of office product volume, what are you seeing early in 2Q? Can you relate that to us?
Dean A. Scarborough: Right now, George, what we are getting is orders for back to school. We expect back to school to be down versus prior year, probably in the low single digits. Were getting nice orders now but we never really know until June when people will want it shipped, whether they want it in Q2 or Q3. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay but if we look at either RIS or office products broadly speaking and realizing it is difficult to measure this in RIS, pricing really wasnt the factor; it was just volume and/or reduced operating leverage. Is that correct?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, thats exactly right. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. I guess the last question I have for now and Ill turn it over, if I take out the tax benefit from the first quarter, and Im assuming that wasnt originally in your guidance anyway, but your run-rate earnings power was more like $0.60 in 1Q. To get to $4 or more, you have to ramp very, very quickly in the next several quarters. You laid out what the factors are, productivity, seasonal improvement in volume, et cetera. Of those, what are you banking the most on? Is it the pricing, is it the productivity? Is it the sequential improvement in volume, because its a big gap at this juncture to make up? 
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, a lot of it is volume, George. Remember that the -- we didnt see a quick start to the apparel ordering season, so Im making the assumption that some of the volume has shifted from Q1 into Q2 and volume is probably the most important factor going forward. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay and you have seen a bit of a pick-up in RIS but its really the volume in RIS thats going to drive your year -- 
Dean A. Scarborough: Were booming right now. We just dont know how long thats going to last. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. All right, thanks, guys. Ill turn it over. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Reik W. Read with Robert W. Baird & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Reik W. Read - Robert W. Baird : Can you guys just go back on the pricing side of things? It doesnt sound like pricing bothered you too much in this past quarter but you do have to put through some price increases. Can you talk a little bit about the challenges associated with implementing those price increases and what the lags might be?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, weve announced the price increase for office products that goes into effect on the first of July. That one will go through. Weve implemented a price increase in our pressure sensitive business in North America and what we are seeing right now is that has gone through. Thats been successful. Weve also implemented increases in Latin America and other parts of Asia. And now while were implementing them in Europe, Im confident well get our price increases and thats because of the -- basically because of the additional raw material inflation we are seeing thats impacting our entire industry. And generally in times of when we see rising raw material cost, we see rising prices.  So I do think that theres probably a little more lag time than we would normally see when we are raising prices. Part of it frankly is just a tactic to make sure we get the price increases and we are delaying it so that we minimize any type of share loss.  Secondly, I think we are going to see more inflation in the back half of the year. We havent heard any additional price increase announcements right now but I think its going to happen, given where oil is and given the fact that in the U.S., I think the big surprise to us was paper increases being much higher than we had anticipated and some of that frankly is because those mills are selling more product overseas and just are allocating less capacity to U.S. markets.  So I think there is going to be a lag time. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Let me also clarify; we did see some negative price impact in the quarter beyond just mix. Mix was most of it but the business thats been feeling over the last few quarters the most price decline is our roll materials business in North America. It raised prices effective in March, so we saw that slow down and start to turn the other way and other businesses began moving toward price increases too. But on a net basis, we still saw some incremental price decline in Q1 over where we were in Q4 just at a slower rate than Q4 was. 
Reik W. Read - Robert W. Baird : Okay, but having said all of that, you guys feel like second quarter you are going to get a good chunk of it and most of these will be felt in the third quarter in total. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Thats right. We start to get relief in Q2 and get more in Q3 and Q4, thats right. 
Dean A. Scarborough: Our price increase in Europe goes into effect at the latter part of the second quarter, so there we should see the impact in Q3 and Q4. 
Reik W. Read - Robert W. Baird : Okay. And with respect to the productivity that you guys are talking about, do you have a sense for in terms of milestones -- I mean, you are talking about achieving more than you have before but in terms of milestones, is that back-end loaded or -- how do we think about throughout the year?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, it builds as the year goes by. We talked in the earlier remarks about some of the carryover from programs that we did in 07 benefiting us now. We have other actions that we are taking. Some have been announced and some will be announced and in our cash flow guidance, weve got some restructuring money still in there. So we anticipate doing more things as the year unfolds and announcing those as we go and getting some significant productivity by the fourth quarter out of these new actions, so it builds. 
Reik W. Read - Robert W. Baird : Okay, and then just one last question -- can you talk a little bit about whats driving the weaker mix in PSM?
Dean A. Scarborough: Some of it is we are seeing volume growth in kind of food and beverage categories on glass containers. That tends to be rigid films. They are less expensive than conformable films that you would see in the health and beauty aid category.  And I think some of it is simply cost savings, as customers are figuring out ways to use less expensive versions of coated papers than they are before on the paper market. 
Reik W. Read - Robert W. Baird : Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark [Hurland] with Bear Stearns. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hurland - Bear Stearns: My question was asked by I think George Staphos about the back-end loaded nature of the year. Is that -- I just want to make sure; that seemed to be like the answer that you guys gave or that you expected much greater strength in the back half than in the second quarter and such. Is that fair?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, on the sales line we are really not anticipating a pick-up as we said before, and that is a little different from some forecasts Ive seen anticipating economic pick-up. We havent done that.  What we are talking about is getting more out of integration savings as the year goes by, getting more of our productivity programs put in place and then the price increases building that are happening basically between March and June. So on a margin basis, it does build as the year goes by but thats not driven so much by volume. We get a big spike between Q1 and Q2 and then the volume levels remain fairly constant the rest of the year. 
Mark Hurland - Bear Stearns: Okay, but you would more revenue, assuming you get the price increases?
Dean A. Scarborough: Over the Q1 base, just seasonally our volume picks up by on average about $150 million a quarter and on top of that or included in that number is some price, which helps the margins. 
Mark Hurland - Bear Stearns: Just one question regarding price -- are you guys getting any resistance -- you always get resistance but what kind of resistance are you finding with your customers?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well I think most of them, they pick up the newspaper and everything else they buy is going up in costs so there is always -- no customer loves getting a price increase. On the other hand, they understand it. So I think thats why we were successful getting it in the U.S. and thats why Im confident well get a price increase in other parts of the world as well. 
Mark Hurland - Bear Stearns: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question. 
John P. McNulty - Credit Suisse: Good afternoon, guys. Just one or two questions; looking back to 2001 into 2002, can you tell us what the RIS first quarter margin would have been then? I know you didnt break out the details but can you give us some color as to how things looked in the last recession and if something is different this time around?
Dean A. Scarborough: I dont think I have those numbers in front of me but the business that tends to rebound the most after a recession -- I mean, we do -- across the company tends to be pressure sensitive as people build inventory. Wed have to go back into the archives I think. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: I think if you go back that far too, our business in RIS was about $200 million in sales, so -- and the mix would be radically different from today. So Im not sure the correlation works and havent got an answer for you, John. 
John P. McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, but I mean -- I guess maybe looking at it from a different way, is there anything that is different that you are seeing in your markets right now from what maybe you would normally have expected going into a recession?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, yeah, I think the impact on apparel sales is more dramatic. This is -- I mean, talking to customers, they said -- and Im talking about people who sell apparel, they say this is the worst retail recession they have seen in 20 years. So I think it is more severe and I think it is because the U.S. consumer is faced with not a lot of extra money and what money they have is going to things like food and fuel, which are going up pretty dramatically in price. So those things like apparel, which you dont have to buy every day, are simply getting deferred right now. And thats the big concern from all the apparel guys.  And I dont remember that being the case in 2001. I remember the apparel business going down about as much as the normal economy did, so this is different. 
John P. McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough. And Dan, you had mentioned sequentially normally youd see kind of a seasonal swing in terms of revenues of about $150 million. I assume that the price increases that youve put through would be additional to that, that the price increases say from late -- call it late March and even some of the ones that you are putting through in the second quarter, that would be kind of -- if we were going to use that as a normalized run-rate, youd be tacking on top of that the price increase. Is that fair?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, I dont think our ability to forecast the revenue range is quite that precise. What I would say is that over the next three quarters, we should average about $150 million a quarter in sales above the Q1 rate and the richness of that sales mix ought to be good because we are getting price built into it, but I wouldnt take 150 and add the price on top of that, no. 
John P. McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough. Thats all I needed. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas with J.P. Morgan Securities. Please proceed with your question. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: I have a couple of questions. What more is to be done in making the RIS business more efficient or if you can review what it is that youve accomplished and what it is that is to be done?
Dean A. Scarborough: I dont know if we want to go through specifics on -- I mean, are you talking specifically on the integration?
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Exactly right -- that is, how many plants did you plan to close, how many plants are closed right now, how many more do you have to go and when will it be done?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we expect to be 75% complete, or more than 75% complete by the end of the year. Again, the corporate costs are done. A lot of the front-end costs and the overlap are completed certainly in the U.S. and in Europe. We have -- we still have some plant closures that we need to get done this year. In the first quarter, we are still in the midst of some changes in our Latin American business. And so weve got -- Mexico, El Salvador, and the Dominican Republic ought to be done by the end of the second quarter and then there were some other units in Europe where we are making some changes. So I dont know if I want to be more specific than that because some of these have not been announced yet. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: In terms of -- Dan spoke about there being incrementally another $150 million in revenues in RIS in the second quarter. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Total company number. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Forgive me, for the total company. For the RIS business though, the numbers should still be pretty big. I guess maybe half of that would be RIS?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Thats a big part of it, the most seasonal, but we also get back to school pick-up in the office products business but yeah, a good half of that or close to that is probably a little less than half but close to half of that is RIS. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: So what are the incremental margins in RIS like? You talked about all of the penalties you had because of high overhead. Are the incremental sequential margins 30% or 20% or -- how do you think about that? You know, you talked about a substantial pick-up in the second quarter. Can you quantify that at all in terms of margins?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, the variable margins within that business are actually higher than the ranges you threw out, but it obviously depends whether its the Q2 or Q4 peak, depending on the mix that you see within that business. So yes, they are higher than that on a variable basis. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Banc of America Securities. Please proceed with your question. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: A few, just to conclude, maybe piggy-backing first on Jeffs question and RIS; if I just very, very simply look at the EBIT this year in the first quarter and look at last years, and I tack on the synergies that you say that you are getting, obviously there is a deficit somewhere. You talked about volumes being down but you also mentioned earlier that volumes were only off low single digit millions of dollars relative to your forecast, if I heard you right.  So are you seeing detrimental margins of 40%, 50% right now or is there a base RIS split that we are seeing much worse performance in one of the businesses versus the other? If you could just help me fill in some of the holes there, Id appreciate it. Thanks. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, in the first quarter I think the main thing to recognize is that the normally seasonally low business was really compounded by the shortfall in revenues and that double effect had pretty dramatic impact on the margins for that business in the quarter. That we do get substantial recovery on as we go right into Q2.  There are mix issues too. We have customers that are trading down in terms of the kinds of things that they were ordering, so there is a top line and a margin impact from the downward mix shift as retailers become sensitive about their costs and so on. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Dan, is it possible to parse it at this juncture between your old business and Paxar or not really anymore?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: We really cant do that, George. They are so mixed together and production has been co-mingled. The front-end has been co-mingled, IT systems. Its a -- I wouldnt say its a single business now but its a lot closer than it was six months ago. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: But as far as you can tell, there wouldnt be a -- go ahead, Dean. Im sorry. 
Dean A. Scarborough: We had an abnormal impact in the first quarter from two other -- I would characterize them as non-apparel related businesses, our printer systems business, as I mentioned before, and our fastener business -- you know, the plastic table tie and cable ties, which unfortunately theres a big chunk of that in automotive which had a really bad quarter. And that actually -- that was half of our shortfall to our plan, anyway, in the quarter. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Those two items?
Dean A. Scarborough: Sorry?
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Those two items combined?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: The areas outside of the -- 
Dean A. Scarborough: Outside of the apparel sourcing business. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Got it. Okay. Now, second question -- how do you prevent, as you are trying to raise pricing, two things; one, your customer is trying to further go downstream or lower in price mix and mix so as to offset the inflation they see coming at them. Secondly, you had mentioned earlier they too see input costs rising. They know you are going to have to raise pricing. How do you prevent against pre-buying, which is inflating demand really to what is truly occurring in the market right now?
Dean A. Scarborough: On the pre-buying, we dont really see very much of that, George. It is very, very difficult for -- Ill just to go the pressure sensitive side of the house, to -- they are in a custom business, most of them, so they have unpredictable demand and so they are buying on a kind of per order basis. So if we did see pre-buying, we might see a week, maybe two weeks across some customers, so its really a very minor amount. And remember, the products we make are fairly bulky, so you have to actually store them somewhere and most label converters dont have a place to do that. So Im not really anticipating so much on those issues.  As far as customers, how they decide what materials they are going to use for labels, thats a very difficult thing to impact. What we do do is we tripled our rate of product reengineering so at least on an ongoing basis, we work on the productivity side to make those lower price products more profitable. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: You mentioned glass volume as being strong in beverages and that is one of the reasons you are seeing mix lower. Is that true?
Dean A. Scarborough: So weve seen more business come over on the beer side and other food products, so weve captured some more new applications. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Can you mention how much your volumes might be up there? Because at least from the industry data that we see, volumes in beverage and food are down significantly in glass this year. So do you think its share gain?
Dean A. Scarborough: Some of it is share gain but some of it, we have captured some applications that werent pressure sensitive before and so -- I mean, its -- I think its -- I dont know for sure, high single-digits or low double-digits for the quarter, so it was quite good. But I dont think you can attribute that to any sort of glass bottle volume thats out there. Remember, we have a really small share of beverage. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay, so it affected mix but not really because its not that large, is what you are saying?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, I thought maybe you were trying to attribute glass container volume out there to us. Its basically we are capturing an ever-increasing share of glass bottle decoration. More is moving to pressure sensitive. Thats continuing to be a growth story for us. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: No, I understand but -- 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: The mix point, George, is that we did see improved growth in these businesses in the U.S. and Europe in the quarter. A lot of that growth came from the areas Dean is talking about, which is not as rich a mix as we would normally see in the films area, for example. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: All right. Last question and Ill turn it over and good luck in the quarter; the deferred taxes in 1Q were minus $20 million. Im wondering if thats somehow related to the tax benefit you saw on the P&L. If you can just reconcile that or at least give the additional color. Thanks, guys. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: There is -- you cant see the move on our balance sheet in the deferred tax line. This will be a cash benefit. We get some of that cash benefit in the current year, probably about a third and the rest of it will spill into future years. So this is real cash benefit; its just not as immediate as the entry would reflect. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to you. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks, sir. 
Cynthia S. Guenther: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-29 14:00:00) =====
Executives:  Cynthia S. Guenther - Investor Relations Dean A. Scarborough - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Daniel R. O'Bryant - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President - Finance Mitchell Butier - Vice President and Controller
Analysts: George Staphos - Banc of America Securities Reik W. Read - R. W. Baird  Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities John P. McNulty - Credit Suisse  Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets  Todd Peters - American Century Investments
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Avery Dennison fourth quarter 2007 and year-end conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Cynthia Guenther, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Guenther. 
Cynthia S. Guenther: Thank you. Hello, everyone and thank you for joining us. I have just a few announcements. First I would like to direct you to a document titled Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2007 Financial Review and Analysis. Youll find that at our investor section of the website. Our discussion will generally follow this handout and refer to information contained in the slides, so I encourage you to have that document in front of you as you listen to our remarks.  As we mentioned in our news release, we changed our accounting methodology for inventories for certain U.S.-based businesses this past quarter, moving all businesses to the first-in, first-out method. This change was made primarily to simplify financial reporting, eliminating a time-consuming step in our process that generally has little impact on reported financial results.  We have restated prior period figures to conform to the revised accounting treatment; that is, adjusting all numbers as though we had never used the LIFO method. This restatement had no impact on earnings for the fourth quarter of 2007 and had a negligible impact on earnings reported for the first three quarters of the year. However, the adjustment did increase prior year reported EPS by $0.03 for the fourth quarter and $0.06 for the full year.  Weve included a summary of prior period adjustments related to this accounting change on slide 20 of the handout and weve posted a supplemental analysis of the effects by segment at our website.  As usual, we have included references to GAAP operating margin in our news release, which includes interest expense, restructuring, and other charges included in the other expense net line of our P&L, as well as transition costs associated with the Paxar integration that show up this quarter in MG&A expense.  Restructuring charges and integration transition costs tend to be fairly disparate in amount, frequency, and timing. In light of the nature of these items, we will focus our margin commentary on pretax results before their effect and before interest expense, as detailed in schedules A3 to A5 of the financial statements accompanying our earnings news release for the quarter.  Weve also included a reconciliation of margin change in slides 18 and 19 of the handout to help you see the impact of the Paxar acquisition on gross margin and operating expense ratios.  Finally, let me remind you that we will make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views and estimates about our future performance and financial results. These statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to uncertainty. Item 1A and the MD&A section of our most recent Form 10-Q discuss some of the most important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations.  Dean Scarborough, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dan O'Bryant, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Mitchell Butier, Vice President and Controller, are here for todays call. Now I will turn this over to Dean. 
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Cyndi. Im pleased to report that we beat our earnings target for the fourth quarter, notwithstanding continued weakness in end market demand through December. The benefit of productivity improvement actions weve been implementing all year, along with highly disciplined expense control, put us over the high end of our revised guidance. That said, for the full year we came in about $0.10, or 2.5%, below the low end of our original pro forma earnings guidance range, missing our internal targets for both sales growth and margin improvement.  It was a challenging year but its created a renewed sense of urgency for 2008, some of which was demonstrated by the better-than-expected Q4 results.  We clearly faced some tough headwinds during the past year. The slowdown in the U.S. retail environment hurt top line sales growth for RIF and for office products, as retailers lower inventories in the face of slowing consumer demand.  Our Roll Materials business in North America and Europe also experienced soft market conditions, especially in the second half of the year. These conditions, combined with capacity and demand imbalances, impacted pricing in these markets as well.  Our productivity initiatives were not able to offset soft demand, a tougher pricing environment, and additional raw material inflation.  Weve been responding to the changes in the economic outlook and market conditions by clamping down on expenses and intensifying our drive for productivity through enterprise lean sigma, or ELS, restructuring, and other efforts.  Over the past five quarters, weve announced actions to drive nearly $50 million in savings from restructuring efforts alone. Thats on top of the savings well get from the Paxar integration and other programs to drive out costs.  Weve also been applying productivity tools to more effectively manage our asset base -- in effect, finding ways to do more with less. This aligns with our heightened focus on free cash flow. We have reduced our capital budget and implemented metrics and very clear management targets to improve working capital efficiency in 2008.  I feel good about our performance in several important areas. First and foremost, the Paxar acquisition and the related integration. Weve successfully merged the two companies together and have done it with minimal impact to our customers. We identified new sources of cost synergy above our original targets and we are right on track to achieve those savings. Weve also found new areas for growth, as customers ask us to help them source packaging and security products.  I want to again thank all of the employees in retail information services and across the organization for their tireless efforts in making all of this happen.  Emerging markets, including Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe, once again delivered solid growth. Including Paxar, about a third of our total revenue is now generated in these markets.  Our materials businesses continued to take share here, especially in China and India, where weve recently commercialized new capacity. I recently spent a few days in India for an opening ceremony of our new pressure-sensitive materials plant and I have to say the business community there is very optimistic.  Our businesses in south Asia are growing more than 30% per year, driven both by exports and the rapid expansion of a local retail sector. We are well-positioned in India and all of South Asia to ride that growth trajectory.  We gained share in other parts of the world as well. Notwithstanding the tough market conditions in North America for raw materials, we estimate we picked up about a point of share for the full year as compared to 2006. We expanded our portfolio of stock products and increased the number of EXACT width program, allowing us to offer a wider range of products that can be delivered in days rather than weeks.  Weve also added resources to our Fasson optimum performance capability, which drives operational productivity at our customers. In todays market, customers are really looking for ways to improve their efficiency and our optimum performance program is a proven source of value for them. We also look forward to continued growth in beer and other beverage and food applications. We have seen many new business development opportunities emerging in these segments, driven by new packaging, SKU expansion, and of course continued penetration in pressure sensitive labels in beer.  Our proprietary adhesive for clear/unclear film applications is recognized as the best in the industry and our wide range of film products, many of them proprietary, give subscriber a meaningful competitive edge in this important segment of the market.  In retail information services, we are offering many new product platforms. We are offering packaging services, a natural extension of our branded tag offerings today. New heat transfer products that enable smaller, readable, and more colorful labels, are gaining traction, and retailers are also interested in our range of environmentally friendly offerings of organic and recycled materials.  Were investing aggressively in digital printing capabilities to enable smaller runs and faster turnarounds, which is matching retail demand as our customers move to more seasons and to smaller order sizes.  And even with a very soft top line, our office products business hit their margin target objectives of the back half of the year.  And finally, our RFID inlay business nearly tripled this year. We achieved our internal targets for quality and yield and we restructured the business to right-size it for a smaller but still rapidly growing market. We are seeing a lot of interest in item level tagging and are involved in more than 15 pilot projects that could replicate the success of the Marks and Spencer application. In fact, RFID sales will be close to $50 million in 2008.  So all things considered, there is reason for optimism as we start the new year, understanding that top line growth will remain the challenge.  We see lift from the Paxar integration synergies and other productivity efforts, of course, but theres also some relief in sight on the pricing side. In light of the intense increased raw material inflation heading into 2008, both our office products and Roll Materials businesses have enough price increases in North America.  We are monitoring inflation in other regions to determine where and when price increases may be appropriate outside the U.S. and weve also seen signs of consumer product companies in the U.S. may finally be picking up their repackaging and new product activities.  So I am cautiously optimistic about improved market conditions for the North American Roll Materials business.  Now Ill turn the call over to Dan for a more detailed review of our financial results for the quarter and our outlook for 2008. Dan. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Thanks, Dean. Lets begin the financial overview on slide five and six of the handout. Net sales were up 21% due to the benefits of the Paxar acquisition and currency translation. On an organic basis, sales declined modestly compared to the prior year.  Operating margin before charges and transition costs increased by 20 basis points, or about 60 basis points if you adjust for the addition of the base Paxar business. The margin in that business is currently below the average for the company but we are quickly addressing that with the integration.  At 19.1%, the tax rate for the year was in line with our recent guidance. We continue to believe a tax rate in the range of 18% to 20% will be sustainable for at least the next few years, reflecting geographic income mix, reductions in the statutory rates in a few countries, as well as benefits from tax planning, particularly with respect to Paxar.  Ill speak to the restructuring and asset impairment charges later in the context of our productivity improvement efforts, so if you turn to slide seven Ill walk you through the story on top line sales.  As I said, reported sales were up about 21% compared to the prior year. You may notice on this slide that we are no longer breaking part volume growth from price and mix changes. These statistics have always been a challenge for us, given the diverse mix of businesses across our portfolio. The statistics have become even less meaningful with the expansion of the retail information services business.  Thats really a custom business with a relatively small percentage of repeat SKUs, metrics like unit volume and average selling price have little meaning. We will continue to provide color on the effects of price changes and product mix, as well as unit volume growth for those segments where the metrics are meaningful, but well no longer provide these statistics formally.  The Paxar acquisition added about 15 points of growth. Currency translation added seven points of top line growth and $0.05 of earnings for the quarter, which was a bit higher than our expectations back in October.  Looking at organic growth trends on a regional basis ex acquisition sales in the U.S. declined by 7%, a more significant drop than what we experienced in the third quarter, due largely to the customer inventory reductions in office products and the slowdown in specialty converting.  In Europe, sales before the Paxar acquisition and currency were up about 2%, comparable to the third quarter growth rate for that region, while the pace of growth improved sequentially for both Asia and Latin America, which were up about 10% and 5% respectively.  Lets take a look at margins on slide eight -- as weve indicated before, it is already very difficult to carve Paxar results out from our base business, since weve merged the two organizations. So for purposes of margin comparison, weve added Paxar results from last year into our own prior year numbers and provided the back-up for the adjustment on slide 18 of the handout.  On this adjusted basis, operating margin improved by 60 basis points, driven by margin expansion in office and consumer products and other specialty converting, as well as a reduction in corporate expense. These gains were offset by margin decline in pressure-sensitive materials and retail information services.  Slide nine summarizes the key factors driving the change in total company operating margin.  Gross margin before Paxar integration costs improved by 10 basis points compared to the reported results for the prior year, reflecting the higher gross profit margin associated with the acquired business.  Now adjusting the prior year number to include Paxar, gross profit margin declined by 90 basis points, driven primarily by price competition in the Roll Materials business.  A shift in segment mix also had a negative impact on gross margin, with the high gross margin office products business representing a smaller share of total sales for the quarter relative to last year.  We estimate total raw material inflation for 2007 at approximately $20 million, with a disproportionate share of that hitting our U.S. based businesses. Paper-based commodities increased the most, representing over half of the inflation we absorbed this past year.  For 2008, we expect that total raw material inflation will be more than twice the amount we felt in 2007.  Turning now to operating expenses, before integration costs, MG&A expense as a percent of sales improved by 20 basis points compared to reported results for the prior year. If you adjust the prior year to include Paxar, the MG&A expense ratio improved by 170 basis points, which more than offset the gross margin decline.  Compared to the adjusted prior year, we reduced absolute spending on MG&A by about $13 million as productivity improvement and cost reductions more than covered substantial increases due to currency, amortization of intangibles, and general inflation.  Part of those savings show up in the corporate expense line. Corporate expense was down significantly compared to prior year and about $4 million of that reduction represents a piece of the Paxar synergies.  For 2008, we estimate that corporate expenses before restructuring charges will run about $40 million to $50 million with the potential for fairly wide swings from quarter to quarter.  Looking at the effect of our ongoing restructuring efforts, Paxar synergies aside, we realized a total of about $9 million of incremental savings from a combination of last years restructuring actions and new actions initiated this year. That $9 million in savings is net of about $2 million of transition costs that were incurred during the quarter.  The new actions we undertook in 2007 will drive about $45 million to $50 million of annualized savings when fully implemented, with close to 60% of that value representing incremental savings in 2008.  Some of the bigger projects contributing to this productivity include a Roll Materials plant closure in Australia, the closure of several distribution centers in North America, and outsourcing of a product line to Asia.  In addition to these announced actions, we are currently planning the next round of productivity improvement, including taking down a number of coating lines in various locations around the world, actions made possible through the enhanced productivity of other assets.  Our strategy is to continue to move production to our widest, fastest assets and to retire older, less productive ones. Since this next round of productivity is still in the planning stages, we expect minimal benefit from these actions in 2008.  Of the approximately $16 million of restructuring and asset impairment charges we recorded this quarter, about $9 million relates to the Paxar integration. Most of the remaining $7 million in charges relates to severance costs associated with the restructuring actions in other businesses.  For the full year, we recognized a total of approximately $58 million in restructuring and asset impairment charges. Over half of those charges, about $31 million, relates to the retail information services segment driven by the Paxar integration. Of the remaining $26 million, about half took the form of non-cash asset write-offs, while the other half consisted of cash severance costs.  On average, the payback on these cash investments so we are always looking for similar opportunities to drive ongoing savings.  In 2008, we are currently estimating that about $40 million to $45 million of integration and restructuring related charges will flow through the P&L and about half of that related to the Paxar integration.  The next few slides provide some detail on our segments. Sales for pressure-sensitive materials were up about 9%, or roughly 2% on an organic basis. We estimate that unit volume for this segment was up about 5% to 6%, which was an improvement over the pace we saw in the third quarter.  Improvement in the unit volume picture was partially offset by a bigger hit from price and mix changes, which took about three to four points off the top line for this segment in the fourth quarter.  Now let me give you a little color on results by region, starting with our largest division within the segment, ex currency sales for the Fasson Roll Materials business in Europe increased at a low-single-digit rate, which represented a modest improvement over the third quarter pace.  Sales in North America declined at a low-single-digit rate, similar to what we saw in Q3. Volumes here were still up but the gains were more than offset by negative price and mix.  As Dean mentioned, the picture for North America had improved of late. Weve seen a nice pick-up in volume since December and weve announced price increases that will take effect in the second quarter.  Returning to Q4 results, Asia delivered another solid quarter, with mid-teens growth while South America grew at a mid-single-digit rate. China, India, and the [Azeon] region were once again bright spots in the quarter.  Finally, our graphics and reflective business grew local currency sales at mid-single-digit rates.  Excluding restructuring and asset-impairment charges, operating margin for the segment declined 40 basis points to 9% as the negative effects of pricing and raw material inflation more than offset benefits from restructuring and other productivity initiatives.  Sales for RIS segment increased 144%, almost entirely due to the Paxar acquisition. Taking out the effect of the acquisition and about nine points of benefit from currency, sales grew about 1% on an organic basis. Now this is well below the combined historical trend for Paxar and RIS, with all the weakness coming from a decline in orders for apparel shipped to North American retailers and brand owners.  Sales on products destined for European end markets remained very solid, with better than 10% growth.  Excluding transition costs and restructuring, asset impairment charges associated with the Paxar integration, operating margin declined by 90 basis points compared with the prior year to 6.8%. Nearly 80% of this decline is simply due to Paxars lower average margin before the benefit of pending synergies.  We captured about $11 million worth of synergy savings in the quarter, $4 million of which is reflected in our corporate expense line.  Net Paxar effects aside, we have seen about 40 basis points of margin compression in the base business, which is attributable to employee related cost inflation and the weak retail conditions impacting sales growth.  Its been difficult to talk about sequential trends in this very seasonal business. That said, the nearly 400 basis points of improvement over the third quarter post-acquisition load does demonstrate that the synergy savings are beginning to build. Roughly 75% of the total savings that will benefit the RIS segment still lie ahead of us.  Slide 12 provides additional detail on that front.  We remain highly confident in our ability to achieve our targets for cost synergy. Specifically in 2008, we are targeting $80 million to $90 million of absolute savings, or about $60 million to $70 million in incremental savings over 2007. By the end of 09, virtually all of the actions will be completed, so we expect to see the full targeted annual savings of close to $125 million in 2010.  Assuming some modest top line growth and normal productivity gains for the base business, we continue to target about $1 of earnings per share accretion from the acquisition by 2010. Lower growth will have some impact in the short-term, however.  Assuming top line growth of only 1% in 2008, wed expect about $0.30 of EPS accretion after interest expense and intangibles but before any one-time integration costs. Assuming 4% growth in 2008, we should see about $0.45 of accretion.  Included in these accretion targets are some substantial depreciation and amortization costs. As a result, EBITDA accretion is now targeted at about $240 million to $260 million by 2010.  The permanent financing for the acquisition is now all but complete with the last piece which takes the form of a traditional three-year floating rank bank term loan expected to close next week. We have commitments on almost all of this last $400 million for financing and will pay down commercial paper with the proceeds.  One-time cash costs to accomplish the integration savings have come down a bit from our last estimate and are now projected to be in the range of $165 million to $180 million.  As weve indicated before, well also see some asset write-offs and other non-cash charges flow through both the P&L and the balance sheet that are not included in these numbers. Close to half of the cash costs were paid in 2007 with most of the balance coming out this year.  Now if you turn to slide 13, Ill review the fourth quarter results for the rest of our businesses.  Sales for office and consumer products were down about 5%, or about 8% on an organic basis. This decline is entirely due to customer inventory reductions, which we estimate had a roughly $18 million impact on net sales in the fourth quarter.  Despite the sales decline, pro forma operating margin for the segment improved by 200 basis points to 21.9%, reflecting the benefit of restructuring and other productivity initiatives, tight expense management, some selective price increases, and lower volume-based rebates.  Sales for the other specialty converting businesses declined by about 2%, or about 6% on an organic basis. Two-thirds of that decline reflects our decision to exit a low margin distribution business. Although the size of the RFID inlay business is not yet large enough to move the needle for top line growth of the segment, inlay revenue more than doubled in Q4 compared to the same period last year.  Now, returning to the total segment level, the operating margin for this collection of businesses expanded by 80 basis points, reflecting improvement in the RFID division.  As you can see on slide 14, our debt to total capital ratio at quarter end was approximately 53%, up from prior year due to the Paxar acquisition but down a bit sequentially. Before the impact of Paxar, operational working capital, which includes accounts receivable and inventories net of payables, was 15.4%, up from 13.8% in the fourth quarter last year.  As Dean indicated, working capital improvements is an important priority for us and weve already begun to make some progress. Working capital always improves seasonally in the fourth quarter compared to the third, but we estimate that the actions we have taken drove about $10 million to $20 million of incremental improvement over the normal seasonal trend, with more to come.  Cash usage for capital expenditures for the full year was $191 million, with another $64 million used for the software investment. These figures include spending related to Paxar facilities and integration actions, which we have included in our total assessment of cash costs for the integration.  Looking forward, we have budgeted $150 million for capital spending and $45 million for software in 2008, excluding investments associated with the Paxar integration, which we have included in the one-time integration cash costs estimates I provided earlier.  Of the total $195 million in capital and software, about 30% relates to projects in the emerging markets.  Were expecting earnings per share before restructuring charges to be in the range of $4.15 to $4.55, with the most significant variable being organic growth. Given the weak economic outlook, we are assuming only modest organic growth below our medium to long-term targets.  For the low end, we factored in organic growth of only 1%, which includes about $50 million of incremental price reductions company wide. The high end of our range assumes organic sales growth of about 3%, with price increases largely offsetting the carryover effect of 2007 price cuts. The midpoint of our range assumes that we at least partially offset raw material inflation with price increases. Again, these have already been announced in both the office products and Roll Materials businesses in North America.  The important positive contributors to our outlook include incremental cost savings from the Paxar integration and other restructuring actions, as well as savings from ongoing productivity initiatives, including material cost-out projects.  Offsetting these gains, we do expect a meaningful raw material inflation on the order of about $50 million, as well as higher interest expense until we anniversary the Paxar acquisition.  Weve also built in about $10 million of incremental stock option expense related to a board decision a year ago to change the timing of equity grants.  Finally, well obviously also have to cover general inflation as well as selective reinvestment of savings for future growth.  Slide 16 summarizes the key assumptions for our guidance, reflecting the considerations I just outlined. Note that our overall business has become a bit more seasonal with the acquisition of Paxar and some of our savings ramp up over the course of the year, so we expect that Q1 will represent about 20% of full year earnings. Ive already outlined our guidance on CapEx and other cash investments. Taking these into consideration, along with our targets for earnings and working capital improvement, we are forecasting free cash flow in the range of $400 million to $450 million.  Now Ill turn the call back over to Dean. 
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Dan. To sum up, we enter 2008 with a sense of urgency but also a high degree of confidence in our ability to effectively manage what is under our control and respond quickly to changes outside of our control. Our priorities are straightforward. We will capture the synergies from the Paxar acquisition and begin to deliver on the growth promise as well. We will change the trajectory of our pressure-sensitive materials business by driving accelerated productivity, price realization, and continued growth in emerging markets. We will continue to invest in growing new applications.  In office products, we intend to renovate and develop new products that will focus on those areas close to our core and on projects that have rapid pay-back. We will accelerate our ELS efforts to improve productivity and to enhance our service and quality for customers, and we will deliver better cash flow this year, with a reduced capital budget and focused targets on working capital improvement.  Now well be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of George Staphos from Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Cyndi, congratulations on the new role. Well miss you. Are you going to bring Wayne back or what?
Cynthia S. Guenther: No, hes happily retired at the beach. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Well, in any event, a couple of things to start -- the office and consumer margin, could you give us a bit more detail in terms of how you were able to generate that performance? I mean, it was admirable given the volume decline and really the question behind the question -- how sustainable do you think it is into 2008 if we see continued volume declines?
Dean A. Scarborough: First of all, I just would say that the management team did a superb job of managing in an increasingly difficult environment in the back half of the year, as customers continuously lowered their order demands from us.  The main benefits were accelerated productivity, a lot of belt tightening, we lowered a lot of our marketing spend, as there were fewer consumers coming to the stores. And of course, with lower volumes our rebates were lower as well.  We are going to keep our targets for office and consumer products and I expect they will be in the 18% to 19% range for next year. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: And that would assume a flat volume environment do you think, Dean? Or if you saw a continuation of the back half 07, might that be a bit tough?
Dean A. Scarborough: I think well get hopefully back to a more normal environment of down to the very low single digits per year. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Separately, as you look out and look at your January trends, and weve seen this from some of the other companies as well, where January was a pick-up after a relatively slow end of fourth quarter. What visibility do you have into whether your shipments and your customers refilling of the supply chain is actually being mirrored by better or improving point of sale shipments and customer demand, really?
Dean A. Scarborough: Id say the one, or a couple of pieces of anecdotal evidence, George, in the North American roll business is a lot of activity on new packaging programs related to our films products. So its not necessarily related to POS but perhaps just related to companies coming into a new budget year and once again having the budget to start to implement some of these packaging programs. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Last question and then Ill turn it over -- just with Paxar, where do you stand do you think in the game as far as the European customers perhaps moving or migrating their production to potentially lower cost regions, or do you think thats not going to be as big of a factor in Europe as we might have seen in North America over the last five years?
Dean A. Scarborough: Its going to continue to be a strong factor because the penetration of Asian suppliers is lower in Europe. And also, frankly, the very strong Euro gives retailers and brand owners even more incentive to source from Asian economies, many of whom are still relatively dollar-based, so they are still seeing a lot of incentive to move volume there. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi. Please proceed with your question. 
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities:
Cynthia S. Guenther: Ghansham? Operator, it looks like we lost him. Can you put someone else on and well hopefully catch up?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of -- I apologize. Just one moment, please -- Mr. Reik W. Read.
Reik W. Read - R. W. Baird : Dan, I just want to go back to something that you had talked about with the range on the accretion for Paxar, and maybe asking a little bit different -- you guys are talking about $60 million, $70 million in cost savings. Can you talk a little bit about what the growth expectations are to hit those? And then can you also talk a little bit about Chinese labor costs and the increases there that might be impacting costs?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Weve been relatively conservative in the expectations for top line growth coming out of the RIS sector for the coming year. Weve modeled between 1% and 3% growth, which is well below our longer term expectations, well below the historical rate. But as we pointed out, we really didnt get any growth in the quarter with North America negative and Europe positive. So were taking a conservative approach at this.  Of course, were benefiting on the bottom line by the fact that a slowing economy is reducing interest rates, which offsets some of the negative top line impact, so at least over the two to three year period, we expect the accretion to be what we said it would be. And we get again some benefit on the interest line while we are carrying all of this debt.  Im going to let Dean talk about the inflationary environment in China. 
Dean A. Scarborough: The major impacts actually in the Pearl River delta in south China, thats where you see the most impact of the higher labor rates. So theres a couple things that are happening. One is, as you might expect, there are other parts of Asia where apparel sourcing is going to grow at a much faster rate. So north China, for example, other locations along the coast, South Asia, including Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, India, Vietnams another attractive location. And fortunately, were there. In fact, we just opened a new north China site, very large expansion just a couple of quarters ago. And that business is growing very nicely.  And then of course the second thing we work on is to drive productivity and driving productivity is something new for a lot of Chinese factory managers because all theyve been managing for most of their career is growth. So we put a lot of energy into our ELS programs there and in fact, I was just there two weeks ago and were making great traction at both the ex-Paxar sites as well as the Avery Dennison sites. 
Reik W. Read - R. W. Baird : Okay, and then a question on the RFID side. You talked about your goal being $50 million and if I attempt to back out the large apparel contract, its probably still in the neighborhood of $30 million, $35 million that you need. It would seem like you would have to sell something along the lines of 450 million to 500 million inlays. Is this a reasonable assumption in terms of how you see the market unfolding?
Dean A. Scarborough: Id prefer not to give that number. 
Reik W. Read - R. W. Baird : Maybe Ill try it a different way -- can you talk at least a little bit about where you are seeing the activity, and I would think apparel would be first and foremost with you guys, but it also seems like aviation, theres some renewed emphasis on compliance and then theres some other closed loop activity. Can you just talk about how each of those are moving forward?
Dean A. Scarborough: What I would say is what we have done is reprioritize the business, so there are four specific areas we are looking to make sure we are gaining traction in the inlays business. One is item level tagging at retail, which is gaining a lot of activity and were involved in a lot of pilot programs there, so there we catch it on the retail information services side and we capture it obviously on the inlay side at the same time.  Second is transportation, as you mentioned. So specifically airlines; third is compliance labeling, the carton labeling business which continues to grow. Obviously not to the extent that folks had thought it was a few years ago. And then finally, other closed loop systems, like pharmaceutical, for example, is another area where we are doing some piloting work and some development work.  But you know, I expect next year to be another great year for the inlay business and volumes should be substantially higher. 
Reik W. Read - R. W. Baird : Can you talk to -- I know that you guys have tried to right-size that business but you are obviously making investments because you see some growth there. Can you talk a little bit about where those investments are going at this point?
Dean A. Scarborough: Were not having to put that much cash into the business. We have plenty of capacity. I think weve got a couple of small pieces of equipment we have to add to our base, but its even $5 million. So not a lot of investment on our part is required to get that lift. 
Reik W. Read - R. W. Baird : Okay, great. Thank you so much. 
Cynthia S. Guenther: Operator, are there any questions? 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas from J.P. Morgan Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: In your estimation, how disruptive has been the addition of the new PSA capacity that UPM has? And in what way have all of the players attempted to reduce capacity in other areas to make up for the capacity addition?
Dean A. Scarborough: Are you specifically talking about North America, Jeff?
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Yes, I am. 
Dean A. Scarborough: I think everybody probably runs with the same playbook and basically its how it is executed and the playbook, at least from our perspective, is you drive productivity, you make sure that you are loading up your most productive assets, widest, fastest assets. Were doing a lot of materials reengineering, so creating new products or product variations with the same or better functionality at lower cost. And continuously looking for ways to take out costs out of every process that we have across the company. So its -- thats one part of it.  And then theres continuing to invest in growth and invest in the customers with our Fasson optimum performance programs, which our customers like. And some new products, especially in the films area and in the consumer durables area. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: I guess maybe if I could try it a different way -- you know, prices have been under pressure and now there is some raw material price inflation and it sounds like what you wish to do is to increase prices, or get higher price realizations. 
Dean A. Scarborough: Absolutely. Actually, this sounds maybe a little counter-intuitive, but the inflation rate is much higher in North America than we had projected even just a few months ago, and its clear that the whole industry is feeling that, so with that kind of intense pressure, I do believe well start to see price -- well, weve already announced a price increase and I believe industry prices will go up in 2008. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Do you believe that you are taking market share in North America?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we did last year. We took about a point of share. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: I guess just one other final question; I was looking at your free cash flow estimates for 2008, which are $400 million to $450 million. Does that include whatever working capital you might use?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Yeah, it does. Weve got improvements planned in working capital but with the growth, particularly in emerging markets, working capital will still be a small use of cash to us in the $20 million to $30 million range. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: And the cash restructuring charges related to Paxar I think are $65 million for 08 -- forgive me, what were they for 07?
Cynthia S. Guenther: Let me find that -- you know what, it would be about 45% of that total and I dont have the number right in front of me. Let me just calculate it real quick -- so basically about $75 million. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: About $75 million, so that would be 140 in total, so that would mean that in 2009 there would only be about $10 million in cash restructuring charges?
Cynthia S. Guenther: Actually, yes, its actually on slide 12. We said about 15% to 20% of the total is going to hit us in 2009. That would include any addition capital or IT spending that we have to do, so yes, were looking for about $30 million of the total cash costs of getting integration done hitting in 09. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi of Wachovia Securities. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: Can you hear me now, guys? Sorry about that. In terms of your comments on Europe, I dont know if you covered this or not, but the European PSM business, it seems like it got a little bit better sequentially. Was that a function of the market improving or was it a function of share gain in your opinion? Thanks. 
Dean A. Scarborough: I dont know if it was share gain. I do think the market was slightly better in Q4 than Q3 but its just a conjecture. 
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: Okay, and so most of what we should expect in terms of your top line growth on a core basis for 08, maybe in the first half especially is probably more skewed towards price versus volume? Because the last two quarters of last year, 3Q and 4Q, were negative from a core sales basis. Is that the right way to think about it?
Dean A. Scarborough: Certainly the comps will be easier in the back half of the year. 
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: Right, but for the first half, is it more skewed by price versus volume?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Last year the organic numbers reported had a lot more negative price impact than we anticipated in the coming year, so that helps the reported sales level. But as Dean said before, we are seeing some improvement in North America. Weve got about a month of data where volumes have improve. North America certainly slowed down first and if this is sustained, will prove to follow a typical pattern where it also improves first.  But the normal pattern also means that many of our other businesses that are somewhat more economically sensitive have slowed in the fourth quarter as well. So right now, we are still seeing mix numbers but if the North American volume continues at the level it is, that will have improved and hopefully spell better things for the back half of the year. 
Ghansham Panjabi - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John P. McNulty from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question. 
John P. McNulty - Credit Suisse: With regard to the RIS integration, you had indicated I guess in the release that it was a seamless integration so far. Can you discuss how the customer retention is going relative to -- I believe you were looking for a 3% to 5% migration away, how thats comparing to what you were looking for?
Dean A. Scarborough: Yeah, weve done much better than that. Weve -- in Europe, Id say we didnt miss a beat and in North America, we had -- some customers decided that they needed another supplier and have begun sourcing and in other places, we gained share. So I am very pleased with how the entire integration has transpired. 
John P. McNulty - Credit Suisse: Would that indicate that there may be some upside to the synergy target that you were looking for then?
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we did raise our synergy estimates but given the soft retail environment, I dont think were emboldened enough to raise them based on that. I mean, wed like to see the market come back a bit. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Ill tell you, the way that we would beat the numbers of synergy here, John, would be if the general economy remains slow enough to hold interest rates lower and we do better than that 2% top end of our guidance range for the business, then we could do better for this. But right now, we are still anticipating in the guidance we provided that the retail environment will remain fairly soft for the next couple of years. 
John P. McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough. And then, with regard to the financing, I know you had indicated I guess last quarter that you were expecting an interest expense of 6.5% to 7%. Today it looks like its closer to 5%. Is the reason why the EPS accretion hasnt gone up, is that the dilution tied to the convert that youve put in place, or can you walk us through how you are maintaining that same EPS accretion target?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: No, its not related to the convert. We expect that by the time the convert does convert, that well be in a share buy-back position because cash flows will be ramping up significantly over the next two or three years.  It really has to do with the base underlying business. The accretion is coming in where we expected. Interest rates are lower than we expected right now but the base business without the normal growth is coming in softer, so the margins are a little bit lower than we expected. 
John P. McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough. And then, just the last question with regard to the price increases that you said you announced in the PSA and in the office products area, have you seen much push-back on those yet? And if you havent, then what would get you to the low end of the organic growth rate that youve targeted for 2008?
Dean A. Scarborough: As far as the price increases go, from what we can see so far, theres been competitive support for the price increases and frankly, most customers arent surprised that the prices are going up, given the raw material environment and given the increases theyve seen in other raw materials that they, or other products that they purchase.  Ill let you handle the guidance question. 
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Well, the low end of the guidance range is conservative and weve left a fairly wide range. I think there is a lot of uncertainty in the economy. If things continue as they are where the U.S. economy is giving us negative numbers, then were going to end up at the low end of the range.  I think if our Roll business recent improvement continues, then other businesses in the U.S. will start to improve as well. But thats really the key for the next three or four quarters, is what happens in the U.S. market. Europe usually lags by a few months whatever goes on in the U.S. and Asia has been doing extremely well, so I dont think thats where the story lies either. Its about the U.S. and thats going to be mostly retail driven. 
John P. McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Timothy W. Thein from Citigroup Global Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets: Thank you and congrats and good results in a seemingly tough macro backdrop. My question is, and a lot of them have been asked already, but when you went through on slide 12, I have scribbled down here that 1% organic volume growth equals $0.30 a share in net accretion and then $0.04 -- 4%, rather, is $0.45 of accretion. Is that -- and again, thats ex, or on top of interest expense. Did I get that right?
Cynthia S. Guenther: I think Dan misspoke. I think -- you said $0.30, I think you meant $0.35 on the low end, reflecting the 1%. It was just a misstatement. And actually, 4% top line applies to the high end of that range for 08, 4% top line growth. 
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets: Okay. When you look back at Paxar and then through your own experience with RIS, how variable was that top line growth in the past, in past slowdowns? Have you looked at that in -- I mean, were there negative periods in recessions or -- 
Dean A. Scarborough: Its not that -- its not -- this isnt a highly cyclical business. I mean, apparel unit volume moves in a fairly tight range. I think where we get impacted is by inventory [change] more than anything else. That being said, I think the last quarter was one of the more severe quarters weve seen in a long time in terms of retail traffic and retail sales. 
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets: Okay, and lastly, when you look at -- you guys have been at this for quite a long time, but when you look at the situation in North American raw materials in terms of the capacity increase at a time when demand has been rather sluggish, have there been periods in the past where you can isolate cyclical patterns and say pricing was under pressure for four quarters, six quarters, whatever it is and kind of come up with a scenario now where you could say should demand rebound to some extent in the second half of the year, that pricing level should start to pick up, or -- where would you say we are in, you know, the baseball game analogy. Where do you think we are in terms of price pressure in the U.S. business?
Dean A. Scarborough: I wish I could predict where raw materials would end up and then I could go with the baseball analogy.  Heres the way I look at the business. Theres two major factors impacting pricing in the market. The highest rates raw material costs because we all run with basically the same economics, which is a tremendously large part of our costs are based on raw materials. So if you look over the trendline, when raw material prices go up, so do prices for pressure-sensitive and laminate products and when they go down, it goes down the same way. Thats amplified or diminished by periods of more or less capacity.  And my sense right now is we are in a period of time where raw material inflation is intense enough that just filling your [quarter] to try to get incremental margin actually doesnt work as a strategy, and so thats why I believe that well start to see laminate prices going up. 
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets: Okay. All right, thanks. Good luck in the quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Todd Peters from American Century. Please proceed with your question. 
Todd Peters - American Century Investments: Thank you. Good afternoon. Can you clarify please your comment on your capital spending? You said both it includes your capital for equipment and also software, so is the actual dollar amount on plant and equipment coming down meaningfully from 07 into 08?
Daniel R. O'Bryant: Let me see if I can break it down in a little more detail for you and one point that either clarifies or confuses is that the Paxar part of the capital spending weve included on slide 12 in the Paxar integration costs. So as Ill lay it out right now, its got the total capital numbers, so weve got about $170 million of CapEx, including some Paxar integration; weve got about $63 million of IT expense, including some Paxar integration. So all together, well spend about 230.  But dont double count the extra 30 if you have it already built into the cost of integrating Paxar. That is slightly less than last year. Our underlying capital excluding Paxar last year came in about $190 million and will it drop to 160, so weve got capital productivity there. And IT excluding Paxar drops from the 60 range down to the mid 40 range, so it is coming down either way that you cut it. 
Todd Peters - American Century Investments: All right. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos, Banc of America Securities. Please proceed. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: This question is on Paxar. I just wanted to finish up -- as you see customers move their production from Europe to lower cost locales, do you think it will actually help your margin within Paxar or within RIS over time? Do you think it will be net neutral because its a shift in production from one region where you are to another where you are, or it could be a negative? And then, where would you say we are in terms of that transition -- 20% done, 80% done? Im guessing you are earlier in the stage of that transition.  And then last, of the $0.35 of restructuring and Paxar integration costs, I realize that you dont have it all tied down but how much of that will be just Paxar integration for 2008? Thanks, guys. 
Dean A. Scarborough: A couple of things for Europe -- its really tough to estimate the percentage of penetration. Our market share in Europe is still relatively low and where we pick up share is when people move business out of a local country to Asia because we are equipped to take the business. So I would say that weve got, I dont know, five more years at least of growth just from that perspective, capturing share that way.  There are also some geographies in Europe where we dont have that high a penetration in terms of geographic coverage. That will give us another lift as well. And finally, its great news when people offshore the volume because thats where we provide the value and thats where our margins are the highest. 
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Fair enough, and on the integration costs, if you could -- if not precisely, give us a rough ballpark. 
Cynthia S. Guenther: Let me do that -- so for total CapEx in software, Ive got a number of about 220 for 2008; about 190 to 195 of that is the base business and about 25 to 30 of that is Paxar. And when we talk about including some capital and IT spending in 2007 for Paxar, it was pretty immaterial, less than $5 million of that total in 2007 was related to Paxar. Does that help?
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Yes, I think so. Thanks, guys.
Cynthia S. Guenther: All right. I guess well wrap up the call now. Thanks, everyone for joining us and well look forward to seeing you in March. Dean and Dan will be there in New York to talk about our growth opportunities in more detail. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you pleased disconnect your lines.
